---
layout: default
title: 53--SCREW,CAP,HEX HD
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 7c28dbbbbc474a6a90ec4e820d237935
---

# 53--SCREW,CAP,HEX HD

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 04:16:04.859-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010425QFD30

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N743.35|WWF|N/A|TIANA.HAMMAKER@NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (NAVICP REVIEW FEB 1991)(FEB 1999)|1|SEE SPECIFICATIONS SECTION C AND SECTION E| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|X||X|||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|A| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT (COMBO)||TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|N50286|TBD|||N/A|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|ONE YEAR|365 DAYS AFTER THE LAST DELIVERY UNDER THIS CONTRACT ||||| WARRANTY OF DATA--BASIC (MAR 2014)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|332722 |500|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| SOLICITATION DUE DATE HAS BEEN EXTENDED. SOLICITATION DUE DATE HAS BEEN EXTENDED. 1.DD1423 Data Item A001 (Inspection and Test Plan) may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. 2. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders,delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed here in. 3.The following proposed delivery schedule applies: Submission of all certification data CDRLS 20 days prior to delivery. PNSY review/acceptance of certification CDRLS 18 working days after receipt Final delivery of material (186 days) \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 1.1.1 DSSP Scope of Certification Material - Material Control Division ;(B); applies to this material. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained.

2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. 2.2.2 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.2.3 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=7627451 |53711| D| |D|0001 | D|49998|2584219 DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-286 | | |G |001207|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-F606 | | | |191115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |060519|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-1222 | | |J |001208|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;The Hex Head Cap Screw must be made in accordance with NAVSEA Drawing 7627451, ITEM NO. 5, except as amplified or modified herein.;

3.2 K-MONEL Fasteners - Material must be heat treated per QQ-N-286. 3.2.1 Fasteners that have been hot or cold headed or roll threaded must be solution annealed followed by age hardening subsequent to all heading and thread rolling operations. The mechanical properties must be actual properties of the annealed and age hardened material and must meet the requirements of QQ-N-286. 3.2.2 QQ-N-286 fasteners that have been headed and/or roll threaded must not beage hardened unless the material has been solution annealed subsequent to the heading and threading operations. Threads formed after the final age hardening heat treatment must be cut or ground only.

3.3 K-MONEL Fasteners - K-MONEL externally threaded fasteners must have mechanical properties determined in accordance with MIL-DTL-1222. Test results must include Tensile, Yield, Elongation and Hardness as required by MIL-DTL-1222. (The Hardness tests must be performed on a full size fastener.) 3.3.1 Studs require an Axial Tensile test in accordance with MIL-DTL-1222. 3.3.2 Headed fasteners require a Wedge Tensile test as specified elsewhere in this contract/purchase order.

3.4 Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test Laboratories - The Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test of QQ-N-286 must be performed by one of the following laboratories: Huntington Alloys, a Special Metals Company Attn: Bill Bolenr 3200 Riverside Drive Huntington, WV 257059 Phone: (304) 526-5889 FAX: (304) 526-5973 Metallurgical Consultants, Inc. Attn: W. M. Buehler 4820 Caroline PO Box 88046 Houston, TX 77288-0046 Phone: (713) 526-6351 FAX: (713) 526-2964 Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division Attn: Eric Focht Code 614 9500 Macarthur Blvd West Bethesda, MD 20817-5700 Phone: (301) 227-5032 FAX: (301) 227-5576 Teledyne Allvac Attn: Dr. W. D. Cao 2020 Ashcraft Ave. Monroe, NC 28110 Phone: (704) 289-4511 FAX: (704) 289-4269 Westmoreland Mechanical Testing and Research Inc. Attn: Andrew Wisniewski P.O. Box 388 Youngstown, PA 15696-0388 Mannesmann Rohrenwerke Mannesmann Forschungsinstitut (MFI) Attn: Dr. Weiss Postfach 251160 47251 Duisburg Germany Phone: 011-49-0203-9993194 FAX: 011-49-0203-9994415 ThyssenKrupp VDM USA, Inc. Attn: D. C. Agarwal 11210 Steeplecrest Drive, Suite 120 Houston, TX 77065-4939 Phone: (281) 955-6683

3.5 Wedge Tensile Test Specimens (Headed fasteners) - A wedge tensile test must be conducted on a Full Size Fastener for each production lot. The required specimens for the Wedge Tensile Test must be separate fasteners from those required for the Yield Test. 3.5.1 Testing for Socket Head Cap Screws must be in accordance MIL-DTL-1222, paragraphs 4.5.2.3 and 4.5.2.3.1. 3.5.2 Testing for all other Headed Fasteners with a nominal diameter greater than 1/4-inch must be in accordance with ASTM-F606 for grades 5, 8, B7, and B16.For all other grades, the following wedge angles must be used. a. Except as specified in item c below, fasteners with a nominal diameter of 1/4-inch through 1-inch (inclusive) must be tested with a ten degree wedge. b. Except as specified in item c below, fasteners with a nominal diameter over 1-inch must be tested with a six degree wedge. c. Fasteners that are of grades 8, B7, B16, 410, 416, 416Se, 431, and 630 and are threaded within one diameter to the underside of the head must be tested as follows: Sizes 1/4 inch through 3/4 inch (inclusive) Use a six degree wedgeSizes over 3/4 inch Use a four degree wedge d. Fasteners which have passed testing with wedge angles greater than those specified should be considered acceptable. 3.5.3 For fasteners of all grades with a nominal diameter less than 1/4-inch, wedge angles in accordance with ASTM-A574 must be used. 3.5.4 For fasteners having a length less than the minimum specified in Table 1 of ASTM-F606, one "test specimen fastener" must be manufactured from each lot of fasteners and tested to represent that lot. The length of these test specimen fasteners must meet the minimum specified in table 1 of ASTM-F606 but must not exceed it by more than 1/4 inch. Test specimen fasteners must be the same type, style, and diameter as the production lot and must be manufactured from the same starting material, using the same manufacturing techniques as the production lot, and must be heat treated (if required) along with the production lot.

3.6 Thread Forming - The following provides the official interpretation of paragraph 4.5.2.7 of MIL-DTL-1222. 3.6.1 In order to qualify for "Alternate Mechanical Testing" found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7 and utilize the mechanical properties for the starting bar stock in lieu of performing yield strength or proof stress testing on finished fasteners, all of the subsequent provisions found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraphs 4.5.2.7 a through e must be met. If any single provision is not met, all required mechanical testing must be performed on the finished full sized fasteners. These provisions are explained as follows: a. Proper product lot control and traceability must be in place. b. No heat treatment (including hot heading and hot forming), cold forming, drawing, rolling and thread rolling may be performed on the starting bar, fastener blanks or finished fasteners after the completion of the mechanical testing on the starting bar. c. and d. The proper size starting bar must be selected to ensure mechanical properties of finished fasteners are represented by the mechanical properties of the starting bar. e. The mandatory testing, axial tensile (studs) and wedge tensile (screws and bolts) must be performed on full sized fasteners. Note that there is a typographical error in paragraph 4.5.2.7 and that the axial load test is a mandatory test that must be performed on studs as required in paragraph 4.5.2.7.e. 3.6.2 Thread rolling is a cold working process and is not considered to be a machining or grinding operation. Therefore, fasteners which have rolled threads do not satisfy the provisions of MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7.b and are not eligible for the "Alternate Mechanical Testing" provision. 3.6.3 Thread rolling alone is not a sufficient cold working process to qualify a fastener to be in the cold worked (CW) condition. This condition is only applicable to some 300 series stainless steel studs, screws and nuts. These CW condition fasteners must be manufactured from cold worked bar stock or be cold headed in order to qualify. The threads may subsequently be rolled, machined or ground. Testing of the finished fasteners and/or reporting of the starting bar stock material properties is subject to the same provisions found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7 and discussed above.

3.7 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection.

3.8 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.8.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.8.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.8.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change. 3.8.4 A copy of the final waiver/deviation (both approved and disapproved) must be forwarded with the applicable asset(s).

3.9 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^

3.10 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-45662, is acceptable as an alternate. 3.10.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/nonacceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.10.2 The Contractor's quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.10.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of Deep Submergence Systems Program (DSSP) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at NAVICP-Mech may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.10.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.10.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption.

3.11 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. 3.11.1 The supplier's gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.11.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative.

3.12 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured/performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately."

3.13 Government Furnished Material and/or Equipment (GFM/GFE) - When material or equipment is furnished by the Government, the Contractor must develop documented control procedures that require at least the following: 3.13.1 Visual examination upon receipt to detect damage during transit. 3.13.2 Inspection for completeness and proper type. 3.13.3 Verification of material quality received. 3.13.4 Periodic inspection and precautions to assure adequate storage conditions and to guard against damage from handling and deterioration during storage. 3.13.5 Functional testing, either prior to or after installation, or both, as required by the Contract to determine satisfactory operation. 3.13.6 Identification and protection from improper use or disposition. 3.13.7 Reporting to the Government, any GFM or GFE property found damaged, malfunctioning, or otherwise unsuitable for use. In the event of damage or malfunction during or after installation, the supplier must determine and record probable cause and necessity for withholding the material from use. 3.13.8 For GFE material, and as required by the terms of the bailment agreement, the supplier must establish procedures for adequate storage, maintenance, and inspection of bailed Government material. Records of all inspection and maintenance performed on bailed property must be maintained. 3.13.9 Material returned to the contractor must be handled as GFM.

3.14 Traceability and Certification Requirements - To assure that correct materials are installed in DSSP systems, it is imperative that traceability be maintained from the material to all required Objective Quality Evidence (OQE). 3.14.1 The following provides the minimum requirements for maintaining material traceability and supplements the requirements specified elsewhere in the contract/purchase order.

3.15 Material Traceability - Traceability markings must be permanently applied to the material in accordance with MIL-STD-792 or to a tag affixed to the material, and annotated on the required OQE. The traceability marking may be any vendor traceability number/code which provides complete traceability to the required OQE. Traceability Marking/Identification may include such items as Nomenclature, Part Number, Technical Description, National Stock Number (NSN), etc. Traceability must be maintained through all process operations including any subcontracted operations, to the finished component. 3.15.1 When traceability markings on the material would be removed by a manufacturing or fabrication process, the marking must be recorded prior to removal and be immediately restored upon completion of the process. If this cannot be done or is impractical, an appropriate material control procedure (such as a bag and tag, tagging, and/or tote box control) must be employed. The material control procedure must provide a method of positive control to preclude commingling of material or loss of traceability. The traceability marking must be reapplied upon completion of the final manufacturing process. 3.15.2 The material control process must include requirements for the maintenance of traceability for items sent out for subcontracted operations. If such operations would remove traceability markings on the material, purchase or work orders must specify a method and marking location for remarking. The contractor must also ensure that subcontractor production controls are adequate to preclude commingling of materials during processing.

3.16 Final Inspection - The following inspections must be performed prior to Government inspection and acceptance. 3.16.1 Material Sampling - Material must be inspected for form, fit, and function. Lot acceptance must be based on zero defects and lot rejection based on one defect. The sample size must be in accordance with the sampling plan(s) in the applicable military specification or standard, federal specification or standard, or drawing to which the material was manufactured. In the absence of such sampling plans, sampling inspection must be per ANSI/ASQ-Z1.4, general inspection level II (for sample size selection code), table IIA (for sample size). SMALL LOT SIZES - For lot sizes of fifty or less, the minimum sample size must be eight units. For lot sizes of eight or less, the sample size must be one hundred percent of the lot. 3.16.2 The Manufacturer may elect to use Statistical Process Control (SPC) to assure product quality in lieu of the above attribute sampling plan, provided that the SPC methodology/system used provides acceptable products to the Government. However, the Government Inspection Activity may perform their acceptance inspection of the material using the attribute sampling plan outlined above. 3.16.3 All OQE required by the Contract and all data concerning material traceability (OQE to traceability marking) must be 100% inspected. The certification test reports must also be 100% inspected for completeness and legibility.

3.17 Test Certification - When test certifications are required elsewhere in the contract, certification documents must be positive and unqualified. Disclaimers such as "to the best of our knowledge" or "we believe the information contained herein is true" are not acceptable. 3.17.1 If material is received without the required test certification papers or with incorrect/missing data on the certification papers, the material will be rejected.

3.18 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Special Emphasis C of C) - The certificate of compliance must show traceability to the marking applied on each individual item, and must contain the following information: 1. Contractor's name, address, phone number and date. 2. The contract/purchase order number (i.e. N00104-11-P-FA12). 3. The national stock number (NSN). The 18 character National Stock Number for Special Emphasis Material includes the two digit COG, the four digit FSC, the 9 digit NIIN, and the two digit SMIC (i.e. 1H 4820 012345678 D4) ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 4. Lubricants, sealants, anti-seize, and/or thread locking compounds. ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 5. Cure date ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 6. Manufacturer's compound number ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 7. When weld procedure submittal is required by the contract, a statement that the approval date of the qualification data precedes any production or repair welding performed on this Contract. ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 8. A statement for any Hull, Mechanical and Electrical (HM&E) testing required that include the name of the test and that it was performed satisfactorily. If no HM&E testing is required, the statement should read "Hull, Mechanical and Electrical (HM&E) testing N/A." 9. A statement to the effect that all items furnished on this contract are in full compliance with the specifications and requirements. 10. Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature. 3.18.1 For Connectors, Cables, and Junction Boxes procured to EB Specs S-5343934-1, S-5343934-2, S-5343934-3, or Dry Deck Shelter Specification S-5486639-1, the Certificate Of Compliance must also include the information below: 11. A notation that 32 root mean square (RMS) finishes are in accordance with the specifications and are free of imperfections. 12. Direct reading of O-ring surface diameters with specified standard. 3.18.2 For Self-Locking Hex Nuts procured to NASM 25027, the Certificate Of Compliance must also include the information below: 13. A statement to the effect that qualification testing in accordance with NASM 25027 Paragraph 3.2 is satisfactorily performed. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Notes to DCMA QAR and the Contractor - 4.1.1 DCMA QAR and the Contractor for proprietary designs - Departures from Contractor imposed requirements, not specifically covered by the contract, must be judged individually on the basis of the effect, if any, on contractual requirements. When there is a disagreement between the Contractor and the Government representative as to the effect on contractual requirements, the departure must be considered a nonconformance and be submitted to the PCO for disposition. 4.1.2 DCMA QAR and the Contractor for proprietary designs - All records of departures from Contractor imposed requirements must be maintained and available for review at the Contractor's facility. A copy must be given to the local Government representative. A record of these departures, traceable to the applicablepart number and contract number must be submitted to the PCO. 4.1.3 DCMA QAR and the Contractor for proprietary designs - For proprietary designs, the contractor's part numbers are acceptable for reference only. The delivered material must conform to all drawings, specifications, and other contractual requirements. 4.1.4 DCMA QAR - It is the responsibility of DCMA QAR to review Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) procedures for NAVSUP Contracts/Purchase Orders. 4.1.5 DCMA QAR and the Contractor - The ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system is available for certain data submissions and to submit questions and clarifications, and waiver requests on Contracts and Solicitations. ECDS can be found at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking must be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Several definitions of terms that apply to CSI items are listed below. All terms may not apply to every item. 6.1.1 The ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system is at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ This application will require advance registration using a PKI Digital Certificate on a CAC. A Vendor User Guide is available as CSD001 in the CSD (Contract Support Document) Library within ECDS. 6.1.2 Critical Safety Item (CSI) - Any ship part, assembly, or support equipment containing a critical characteristic whose failure, malfunction, or absence of which could cause a catastrophic or critical failure resulting in loss of, or serious damage to the ship, or unacceptable risk of personal injury or loss of life. 6.1.3 Critical Process - As determined by the TWH, any process, operation or action performed on a Ship CSI that serves to establish a critical characteristic (such as welding, soldering, machining, polishing, cleaning, or assembling) or confirm that a critical characteristic is within drawing or specification compliance (such as, testing, measurement, or non-destructive evaluation). 6.1.4 First Article - Pre-production models, initial product samples, test samples produced to ensure a manufacturer's capability to meet full specification requirements. 6.1.5 First Article Test (FAT) - Contractually required testing and inspection of a supplier's pre-production, production, or "production representative" specimens to evaluate a manufacturer's ability to produce conforming product prior to the Government's commitment to receive subsequent production items. First Article Testing is product specific and does not assess manufacturing process controls nor does it assure the effectiveness of the manufacturer's quality program. 6.1.6 Government Source Inspection (GSI) - GSI is independent oversight performed by a government representative usually a DCMA Quality Assurance Representative (QAR)) to assure that those unique product quality and system elements, identified by the Contracting Agency as important, are observed and evaluated. 6.1.7 Quality Assurance Letter of Instruction (QALI) - A QALI is a formal document initiated by a contracting activity that provides essential requirements and instructions for contracted materials to be independently verified and accepted by a government representative prior to shipment. 6.1.8 Objective Quality Evidence (OQE) - The quantitative and qualitative data of all mechanical, chemical, and performance tests pe...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176058399
  - Email: TIANA.K.HAMMAKER.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=7627451 |53711| D| |D|0001 | D|49998|2584219 DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-286 | | |G |001207|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-F606 | | | |191115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |060519|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-1222 | | |J |001208|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;The Hex Head Cap Screw must be made in accordance with NAVSEA Drawing 7627451, ITEM NO. 5, except as amplified or modified herein

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7c28dbbbbc474a6a90ec4e820d237935/view)