---
layout: default
title: FA9453-23-R-A004 Neutron Star ARA Call 001
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: a5d50554e27f4ffe9c3727fbdee07d17
---

# FA9453-23-R-A004 Neutron Star ARA Call 001

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 20:53:17.339-04
- Solicitation Number: FA945326RX009

## Summary

AIR FORCE RESEARCH LABORATORY/ SPACE WARFARE DIRECTORATE NEUTRON STRATEGIC TECHNOLOGY ADVANCED RESEARCH ANNOUNCEMENT (NEUTRON STAR ARA) FA9453-23-R-A004 CALL 001 COMPACT STRATEGIC GYROSCOPE - MATURATION (CSG-M) NAICS CODE: 541715 for Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Nanotechnology and Biotechnology). PSC CODE: AC13 FEDERAL AGENCY NAME: Air Force Research Laboratory ARA TITLE: Neutron Strategic Technology Advanced Research Announcement (Neutron STAR ARA) CLOSED CALL ANNOUNCEMENT (CALL) NUMBER: 001 CALL TITLE: Compact Strategic Gyroscope - Maturation (CSG-M) CALL TYPE: Two-Step Process -Request for White Papers, followed by an RFP for selected offerors CALL SOLICIATATION NUMBER: FA945326RX009 DUE DATE AND TIME SUBMISSION DATES: White papers will be accepted for 30 days from the date of this announcement. White papers pertaining to this Call will not be accepted after the closing date as this is a closed Call. White papers will only be accepted during the stated period on SAM.gov. I. REQUIREMENT INFORMATION: BACKGROUND: This closed Call is the first under the Neutron Strategic Technology Advanced Research (Neutron STAR) Advanced Research Announcement (ARA). The Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) is seeking to design, develop, build, test, and deliver a flight-qualified, strategic-grade, radiation-hardened Compact Strategic Gyroscope (CSG). The final delivered CSG solution must meet the demanding performance, environmental, and interface requirements necessary for successful integration into the SPARROW Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU). The effort shall culminate in the delivery of qualified hardware and a complete Technical Data Package (TDP) sufficient to enable future Government-led competitive procurement and sustainment as mentioned in Attachment 2 – Requirements Document. PROGRAM DESCRIPTION/OBJECTIVES: This closed call seeks proposals for the Compact Strategic Gyroscope - Maturation (CSG-M) program. The full Statement of Work (SOW) is provided as an attachment to this call. The primary objective is to develop a qualified CSG for integration into a strategic-grade IMU. The contractor shall be responsible for all program management, systems engineering, design, analysis, fabrication, assembly, and testing. TECHNICAL AREAS: The technical areas for this call are focused on the development of a Compact Strategic Gyroscope (CSG) and include, but are not limited to: Nuclear System Development Nuclear Systems Integration Nuclear System Flight Experimentation and Evaluation II. AWARD INFORMATION: ANTICIPATED FUNDING: This funding profile is an estimate only and will not be a contractual obligation for funding. All funding is subject to change due to Government discretion and availability of funds and the technical work to be accomplished. Anticipated funding for this Call (not per contract or award) is: $27.2M FUNDING RESTRICTIONS: The cost of preparing white papers and proposals in response to this Call and any subsequent request for proposal is not considered an allowable direct charge to a resulting or other contract. ANTICIPATED NUMBER OF AWARDS: The Air Force anticipates awarding one or more contracts for this effort. However, the Air Force reserves the right to award multiple awards or no award pursuant to this Call. Additionally, the Air Force reserves the right to award one, or more contracts for all, some, or none of the solicited effort based on the Offeror’s ability to perform the desired work and funding availability. ANTICIPATED AWARD DATE: 01 November 2026 ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMACE (POP): Total Contract POP of 51 Months Including 3 months Final Reporting Period ANTICIPATED TYPE OF CONTRACTS/INSTRUMENTS: The Air Force reserves the right to award the instrument best suited to the nature of the research proposed. The Government anticipates that a mix of contract/instrument types will be used. Generally, awards may be Cost-Plus-Fixed-Fee (Completion and Term), Cost Reimbursement, Firm-Fixed-Price, or Other Transaction (OT) Agreements. DELIVERABLES: Hardware and software deliverables will be specified within a separately priced contract/award line item, and data deliverables will be specified on individual Contract Data Requirements List(s) (CDRLs) in any resultant contract or an OT article. Key deliverables include: Gyroscope Assemblies for IMU Demonstration Gyroscopes for Rad-Hard Prototyping Unit (RHPU) Gyroscopes for Government Validation Gyroscope Test SetProgram Management, Systems Engineering, and Test & Verification Data Preliminary and Final Technical Data Package (TDP) Data: All data shall be delivered in accordance with the DD Form 1423, including Program Management, Systems Engineering, Test, and a full Technical Data Package (TDP). GOVERNMENT FURNISHED PROPERTY: Is anticipated and will be specified at the individual award level. III. ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION: ORGANIZATIONAL CONFLICT OF INTEREST (OCI): All OCI issues and the need for applicable clauses will be resolved prior to award. SECURITY REQUIREMENTS: Program Security Classification: It is anticipated that after award the contractor will require access to classified information up to the TOP SECRET level. Offerors must have valid U.S. security clearance of TOP SECRET or higher in order to respond to this Call because the call may include information classified at the TOP SECRET or higher level which will be released only to offerors possessing the appropriate clearance. All classified material will be handled in accordance with E.O. 13526 National Industrial Security Program Operation Manual (NISPOM) DoD 5220.22-M, Industrial Security Regulation (DoD 5220.22-R), DoDM Industrial Security Program

5200.01 Volume 1 through 4, and AFI 16-1406 the appropriate facilities and personnel clearances as specified in the DD Form 254. 3. BASE SUPPORT AND ACCESS: Base support is NOT anticipated, however base access may be anticipated in order to conduct meetings on federal installations. Use is limited to official Government business related to the performance of the requirements in this contract. The Government will provide access to all Government facilities, as necessary, including sponsorship for access to non-Government facilities, for execution of all Contractor tasks. 52.204-2, Security Requirements and 5352.242-9000 Contractor Access to Department of the Air Force Installations apply to contracts made under this call 4. FOREIGN NATIONALS: No Foreign Nationals will be considered for this Call. IV. APPLICATION AND SUBMISSION INFORMATION: PROPOSAL DUE DATE AND TIME: White papers must be submitted in response to this Call no later than 30 days from the date of this announcement. The Government will review submitted white papers for 30 days and notify potential offerors of their selection after the review. White papers for any other technical areas identified in the overall Advanced Research Announcement (ARA) will not be accepted in response to this Call solicitation. Proposals received after the due date and time shall be governed by the provisions of FAR 52.215-1(c)(3). Offerors may be ineligible for award if all requirements of this announcement are not met by the due date and time. CALL AMMENDMENTS: Offerors should monitor SAM.gov for any additional notices to this Call that may permit extensions to the proposal submission date or otherwise modify this announcement. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS:Unclassified White papers must be submitted to the Neutron Star Org Box at afrl.rvkb.afrlneutronstardms@us.af.mil, referencing FA945326RX009 - NS Call 001 in the subject line. DO NOT DELIVER any classified portion of the white paper to this address. If it is determined that a classified white paper is required, please contact the Neutron STAR Org Mailbox for specific delivery instructions. WHITE PAPER PROCESS:This is a two-step process. The Government will review the submitted white papers and will request full proposals from those Offerors selected in the white paper review process. GENERAL WHITE PAPER INSTRUCTIONS: White papers that include data restricted from public disclosure or used by the Government for any purpose should be marked with the proper disclosure and use of data restrictions. Submissions must reference the ARA number FA9453-23-R-A004 as well as the Call i.e., “FA945326RX009- NS Call 001,” and title. WHITE PAPER FORMAT: Instructions White Paper Technical Volume: White papers should capture innovative and technically sound approach to accomplish the Call’s objective(s) and/or advances in knowledge, understanding, technology, and state-of-the-art. After the review of white papers, the Government will determine whether a formal proposal will be requested based on the evaluation criteria listed in section 6, White Paper Evaluation Criteria. Offerors of those white papers evaluated as satisfying the technical merit factor and for which it is determined there is sufficient funding available, will be sent a letter Request for Proposal (RFP) to submit a formal technical and cost/business proposal by the contracting point of contact. An RFP does not assure an offeror of a subsequent contract award. White papers not selected for full proposal submission will be disposed/destroyed in a manner that protects proprietary data. Any questions concerning the white paper preparation shall be submitted to the Neutron Star Org Box at afrl.rvkb.afrlneutronstardms@us.af.mil. White Paper Cost/Business Volume (two-step process): You may be ineligible for award if all requirements of this solicitation are not met on the whitepaper and/or proposal due date. The Cost/Business section which includes the ROM should provide top-level details on major cost items such as labor, special equipment that will need to be purchased, materials, and any subcontracts or other organizations’ costs (to include Government furnished facilities, equipment, or personnel) for the proposed effort. The ROM cost section shall not exceed one page. White Paper Format: The white paper Technical volume shall be limited to five (5) pages unless and shall be prepared and submitted in Microsoft Word file format (cover page does not count towards the 5 page limit). The white paper Cost/Business volume is limited to one (1) page Including the Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) and shall be prepared and submitted in Microsoft Excel file format with formulas included. Paper Size – 8.5 inch x 11 inch Margins – one-inch on each side Font - Calibri 11+ point font or equivalent to include tables, diagrams, and charts. Any other information (e.g. captions, restrictive markings) shall not be smaller than Calibri 10 point font or equivalent. WHITE PAPER EVALUATION CRITERIA: The selection of one or more sources for award will be based on an evaluation of each white paper to determine its overall merit in response to the Call. White papers will be evaluated on the following criteria: Overall scientific or technical merit: The Offeror demonstrates innovation and knowledge of state-of-the-art methods and technologies. The problem statement, objectives, and deliverables are clearly defined, and the objectives and expected results are anchored by theory, analysis, or data. Affordability: The Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) cost estimate is appropriate for the expected benefit, and sufficient funding is available. V. AWARD NOTICES: Offerors will be notified whether their white paper is selected and recommended for the second step of RFP. The notification of recommendation for award is not to be construed to mean the award of a contract is assured as availability of funds and successful negotiations are prerequisites to any award. VI. POINTS OF CONTACT: For all technical and contracting questions, please contact the Neutron Star Org Box at: afrl.rvkb.afrlneutronstardms@us.af.mil Attachments: Attachment 1- Statement of Objectives Attachment 2 – Requirements Document

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Neutron STAR Team
  - Email: AFRL.RVKB.afrlneutronSTARdms@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Requirements Document. PROGRAM DESCRIPTION/OBJECTIVES: This closed call seeks proposals for the Compact Strategic Gyroscope - Maturation (CSG-M) program. The full Statement of Work (SOW) is provided as an attachment to this call. The primary objective is to develop a qualified CSG for integration into a strategic-grade IMU. The contractor shall be responsible for all program management, systems engineering, design, analysis, fabrication, assembly, and testing. TECHNICAL AREAS: The technical areas for this call are focused on the development of a Compact Strategic Gyroscope (CSG) and include, but are not limited to: Nuclear System Development Nuclear Systems Integration Nuclear System Flight Experimentation and Evaluation II. AWARD INFORMATION: ANTICIPATED FUNDING: This funding profile is an estimate only and will not be a contractual obligation for funding. All funding is subject to change due to Government discretion and availability of funds and the technical work to be accomplished. Anticipated funding for this Call (not per contract or award) is: $27.2M FUNDING RESTRICTIONS: The cost of preparing white papers and proposals in response to this Call and any subsequent request for proposal is not considered an allowable direct charge to a resulting or other contract. ANTICIPATED NUMBER OF AWARDS: The Air Force anticipates awarding one or more contracts for this effort. However, the Air Force reserves the right to award multiple awards or no award pursuant to this Call. Additionally, the Air Force reserves the right to award one, or more contracts for all, some, or none of the solicited effort based on the Offeror’s ability to perform the desired work and funding availability. ANTICIPATED AWARD DATE: 01 November 2026 ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMACE (POP): Total Contract POP of 51 Months Including 3 months Final Reporting Period ANTICIPATED TYPE OF CONTRACTS/INSTRUMENTS: The Air Force reserves the right to award the instrument best suited to the nature of the research proposed. The Government anticipates that a mix of contract/instrument types will be used. Generally, awards may be Cost-Plus-Fixed-Fee (Completion and Term), Cost Reimbursement, Firm-Fixed-Price, or Other Transaction (OT) Agreements. DELIVERABLES: Hardware and software deliverables will be specified within a separately priced contract/award line item, and data deliverables will be specified on individual Contract Data Requirements List(s) (CDRLs) in any resultant contract or an OT article. Key deliverables include: Gyroscope Assemblies for IMU Demonstration Gyroscopes for Rad-Hard Prototyping Unit (RHPU) Gyroscopes for Government Validation Gyroscope Test SetProgram Management, Systems Engineering, and Test & Verification Data Preliminary and Final Technical Data Package (TDP) Data: All data shall be delivered in accordance with the DD Form 1423, including Program Management, Systems Engineering, Test, and a full Technical Data Package (TDP). GOVERNMENT FURNISHED PROPERTY: Is anticipated and will be specified at the individual award level. III. ELIGIBILITY INFORMATION: ORGANIZATIONAL CONFLICT OF INTEREST (OCI): All OCI issues and the need for applicable clauses will be resolved prior to award. SECURITY REQUIREMENTS: Program Security Classification: It is anticipated that after award the contractor will require access to classified information up to the TOP SECRET level. Offerors must have valid U.S. security clearance of TOP SECRET or higher in order to respond to this Call because the call may include information classified at the TOP SECRET or higher level which will be released only to offerors possessing the appropriate clearance. All classified material will be handled in accordance with E.O. 13526 National Industrial Security Program Operation Manual (NISPOM) DoD 5220.22-M, Industrial Security Regulation (DoD 5220.22-R), DoDM Industrial Security Program
- Attachment 2: - Statement of Objectives Attachment 2 – Requirements Document

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a5d50554e27f4ffe9c3727fbdee07d17/view)