---
layout: default
title: MANUFACTURE WALTS CABLES
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: c2100658f4894f01a31f559382b1e7d4
---

# MANUFACTURE WALTS CABLES

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 09:01:39.513-04
- Solicitation Number: N6660426Q0190

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis and solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with format in FAR Subpart 12.6 – Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation and quotes are being requested. In accordance with FAR 5.203(a)(2) this solicitation will be posted for less than fifteen (15) days. Request for Quotation (RFQ) number is N6660426Q0190. This requirement is being solicited as a unrestricted. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 334419. The Small Business Size Standard is 750 employees. The Product Supply Code (PSC) is 5995. This requirement is for Weapon and Launcher Test Set Cables according to drawing, and military specifications. Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division, Newport (NUWCDIVNPT) intends to purchase, on a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) basis, for the items listed below: Required delivery is F.O.B. Destination, Naval Station Newport, RI, 02841-1708 No Later than September 2026. For the purposes of quoting to this opportunity, the Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) structure is identified below. CLIN 0001 HLS DAQ Main Cable (W4) Part No. 7443853 Qty 12 CLIN 0002 PMT HLS DAQ Main Cable (W4) Part No. 7614833 Qty 12 CLIN 0003 Guidance Wire Tee Cable (W5) Part No. 7443847 Qty 12 CLIN 0004 Mk21 Turbine RPM Tee Cable (W6) Part No. 7443844 Qty 12 CLIN 0005 Mk 17/19 Turbine RPM Tee Cable (W6) Part No. 8306619 Qty 12 CLIN 0006 Firing Voltage Tee Cable (W7) Part No. 7443845 Qty 12 CLIN 0007 Stop Bolt Tee Cable (W8) Part No. 8350549 Qty 6 CLIN 0008 CAFVE Dash-18 Cable (W9) Part No. 8350550 Qty 6 CLIN 0009 CAFVE Port (W10) Part No. 8350551 Qty 6 CLIN 0010 CAFVE Stbd Cable (W11) Part No. 8350552 Qty 6 This requirement contains drawings that are designated Distribution D and Export Control which means distribution is authorized to the DOD and US DOD contractors with a valid Joint Certification Program (JCP) certification. Only Offerors with an active registration in JCP will be provided access to the drawings. Please visit https://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Services/JCP/ for further details on the program and registration. To obtain a copy of the drawings, submit a request by SAM or email to Jennifer.m.vatousiou.civ@us.navy.mil. All requests must include the RFQ #, company name, complete company address, CAGE code, point of contact*, telephone number, e-mail address, JCP registration number, and a copy of the companies DD2345 to avoid issues with JCP site. Due to the Distribution D rating, an approved DD 2345 Joint Certification Program (JCP) form is required. Please ensure that you are working to obtain your JCP certification as it will be requested. The Request for Quote will have a requirement to have an active NIST SP 800-171 assessment on the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) module of the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website. Additionally, per the Request for Quotes, a Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 2 (self) is required to be uploaded to the SPRS module as well. Only when we have the JCP certification and confirm that your company has an active NIST and CMMC assessment, we will approve the release of the documents. Please note that the documents can only be released to the Data Custodian listed on the JCP Certification. The CMMC assessment is a new requirement for purchases. *Note: Drawings will only be provided to the individual identified as the certified JCP custodian. Please ensure this information is included in your request. Requested drawings will be transferred via DOD SAFE. ALL REQUESTS FOR DRAWINGS MUST BE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN 08 APRIL 2026! Offeror shall complete and submit Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) Provision 52.204-24 ‘Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment’ (AUG 2020), which is included as an attachment to the solicitation or be certified in Certs and Reps on SAM. F.O.B. Destination, Newport, RI 02841-1708. The Offeror shall include shipping charges, if applicable and separately priced, and specify best delivery lead times in its quote. Incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the most current Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC). The following provisions and clauses apply to this solicitation: FAR 52.204-23, “Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab.”; FAR 52.204-25, “Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment”; FAR 52.209-10, “Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations.”; FAR 52.209-11, “Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or Felony under any Federal Law.”; FAR 52.212-1, “Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items.”; FAR 52.212-2, “Evaluation – Commercial Items.”; FAR 52.212-3 (ALT 1), “Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Items.”; FAR 52.212-4, “Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items."; FAR 52.212-5, “Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders – Commercial Items.”; DFARS 252.204-7008, “Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls.”; DFARS 252.204-7009, “Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information.”; DFARS 252.204-7015, “Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support.”; DFARS 252.204-7019, “NOTICE OF NIST SP 800-171 DOD ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENTS”; DFARS 252.204-7020, “NIST SP 800-171 DOD ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENTS”; DFARS 252.213-7000, “Notice to Prospective Suppliers on Use of Supplier Performance Risk System in Past Performance Evaluations.” DFARS 252.215-7013, “Supplies and Services Provided by Nontraditional Defense Contractors.”; DFARS 252.225-7031, “Secondary Arab Boycott of Israel.”; DFARS 252.246-7008, “Sources of Electronic Parts.”; Additional terms and conditions: In accordance with DFARS Clause 252.211-7003, the contractor shall provide a unique item identifier (UID) for all delivered items for which the Government’s unit acquisition cost is $5,000.00 or more. If UID applies, payment will be via Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). If UID does not apply, and if there are no surcharges, the Government’s preferred payment method is via credit card. Full text of incorporated FAR/DFARS clauses and provisions may be accessed electronically at https://acquisition.gov/far/. Contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) (https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM) prior to award. Instructions for registration are available on the website. The Government intends to award a single FFP Purchase Order to the eligible and responsible offeror on a Lowest Price, Technically Acceptable basis. In order to be determined technically acceptable the offeror shall: Quote the specified in their required quantities. The offeror quote shall be good for at least a minimum of 30 days. Product must meet minimum requirements of drawings and military specifications. Offeror must be JCP certified and provide DD2345 for access to drawings. (Technical) Manufacturer has to be located in the United States. (Technical) Component acquisition; manufacturer must have knowledge on how to acquire legacy components that are often made to order, require minimum buy quantity or have long lead times. (Past Performance) Must exhibit related skills/capabilities from the past. (Past Performance) How well a seller has performed similar work Vendor must deliver by the required date of September 2026 Offers must be emailed directly to Jennifer Vatousiou at jennifer.m.vatousiou.civ@us.navy.mil. Offers must be received no later than 11:00 a.m. (EST) on Wednesday, 22 April 2026. Offers received after this date and time may not be considered for award. For information on this acquisition, contact Jennifer Vatousiou at the email listed above. ALL REQUESTS FOR DRAWINGS MUST BE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN 08 APRIL 2026!

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Vatousiou
  - Email: jennifer.m.vatousiou.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 4018325265

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: the solicitation or be certified in Certs and Reps on SAM. F.O.B. Destination, Newport, RI 02841-1708. The Offeror shall include shipping charges, if applicable and separately priced, and specify best delivery lead times in its quote. Incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the most current Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC). The following provisions and clauses apply to this solicitation: FAR 52.204-23, “Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab.”; FAR 52.204-25, “Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment”; FAR 52.209-10, “Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations.”; FAR 52.209-11, “Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or Felony under any Federal Law.”; FAR 52.212-1, “Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items.”; FAR 52.212-2, “Evaluation – Commercial Items.”; FAR 52.212-3 (ALT 1), “Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Items.”; FAR 52.212-4, “Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items."; FAR 52.212-5, “Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders – Commercial Items.”; DFARS 252.204-7008, “Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls.”; DFARS 252.204-7009, “Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information.”; DFARS 252.204-7015, “Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support.”; DFARS 252.204-7019, “NOTICE OF NIST SP 800-171 DOD ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENTS”; DFARS 252.204-7020, “NIST SP 800-171 DOD ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENTS”; DFARS 252.213-7000, “Notice to Prospective Suppliers on Use of Supplier Performance Risk System in Past Performance Evaluations.” DFARS 252.215-7013, “Supplies and Services Provided by Nontraditional Defense Contractors.”; DFARS 252.225-7031, “Secondary Arab Boycott of Israel.”; DFARS 252.246-7008, “Sources of Electronic Parts.”; Additional terms and conditions: In accordance with DFARS Clause 252.211-7003, the contractor shall provide a unique item identifier (UID) for all delivered items for which the Government’s unit acquisition cost is $5,000.00 or more. If UID applies, payment will be via Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). If UID does not apply, and if there are no surcharges, the Government’s preferred payment method is via credit card. Full text of incorporated FAR/DFARS clauses and provisions may be accessed electronically at https://acquisition.gov/far/. Contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) (https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM) prior to award. Instructions for registration are available on the website. The Government intends to award a single FFP Purchase Order to the eligible and responsible offeror on a Lowest Price, Technically Acceptable basis. In order to be determined technically acceptable the offeror shall: Quote the specified in their required quantities. The offeror quote shall be good for at least a minimum of 30 days. Product must meet minimum requirements of drawings and military specifications. Offeror must be JCP certified and provide DD2345 for access to drawings. (Technical) Manufacturer has to be located in the United States. (Technical) Component acquisition; manufacturer must have knowledge on how to acquire legacy components that are often made to order, require minimum buy quantity or have long lead times. (Past Performance) Must exhibit related skills/capabilities from the past. (Past Performance) How well a seller has performed similar work Vendor must deliver by the required date of September 2026 Offers must be emailed directly to Jennifer Vatousiou at jennifer.m.vatousiou.civ@us.navy.mil. Offers must be received no later than 11:00 a.m. (EST) on Wednesday, 22 April 2026. Offers received after this date and time may not be considered for award. For information on this acquisition, contact Jennifer Vatousiou at the email listed above. ALL REQUESTS FOR DRAWINGS MUST BE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN 08 APRIL 2026!

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c2100658f4894f01a31f559382b1e7d4/view)