---
layout: default
title: N059--PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEM STATION (VA-26-00046693)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 716956040466403e8b79a99bb1e05f2f
---

# N059--PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEM STATION (VA-26-00046693)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-04 17:31:25.363-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0243
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This Sources Sought Notice is for planning purposes only and shall not be considered as an invitation for bid, request for quotation, request for proposal, or as an obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any products or services. Your response to this Sources Sought Notice will be treated as information only. No entitlement to payment of direct or indirect costs or charges by the Government will arise because of contractor submission of responses to this announcement or the Government use of such information. This request does not constitute a solicitation for proposals or the authority to enter negotiations to award a contract. No funds have been authorized, appropriated, or received for this effort. The information provided may be used by the Department of Veterans Affairs in developing its acquisition approach, statement of work/statement of objectives and performance specifications. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary or competition sensitive information contained in their response. The Government does not intend to award a contract based on this Sources Sought Notice or to otherwise pay for the information submitted in response to this Sources Sought Notice. The purpose of this sources sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses, Veteran Owned Small Businesses, 8(a), HubZone and other Small Businesses interested and capable of providing the services described below. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) Company Name (b) Address (c) Point of Contact (d) Phone, Fax, and Email (e) UEI number (f) Cage Code (g) Tax ID Number (h) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? (i) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this SSN/RFI? (j) Are you the manufacturer, distributor, or an equivalent solution to the items being referenced above? (k) If you are a large business, do you have any designated distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of Contact and size status (if available). (l) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above or an equivalent solution, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified? (m) If you intend to subcontract any work on this contract, what portion of the total cost will be self-performed/will be performed by your organization? Please provide estimated detailed percentage breakdowns related to subcontracted work. (n) Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA or the NAC or are you a contract holder with NASA SEWP or any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. (o) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC or NASA SEWP contract holder or other federal contract holder, are the items/solution you are providing information for available on your schedule/contract? (p) Please provide general pricing of your products/solution for market research purposes (q) Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA or the NAC or are you a contract holder with NASA SEWP or any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. (r) Please provide general pricing of your products/solution for market research purposes (s) Must provide a capability statement that clearly addresses the organization s qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the work described below. Requirement: The VA Heartland Network 15 Contracting Office located at 3450 South 4th Street, Leavenworth, KS, 66048-5055 is seeking a potential qualified contractor to provide PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEM STATION WIDE TO INCLUDE INSTALLATION AND REMOVAL OF EXISTING SYSTEM for the Robert J Dole VA Medical Center, 5500 E. Kellogg Ave, Wichita, KS 67218. This is a brand name or equal procurement. Please see the Performance Work for more specific details. The North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS Code) is 238210 (Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors), size standard $19 million. Based on this information, please indicate whether your company would be a Large or Small Business and have a socio-economic designation as a Small Business, VOSB or SDVOSB. Important Information: The Government is not obligated to, nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this source sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to an acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. Currently a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms is anticipated based on the Veterans Administration requirement with Public Law 109-461, Section 8127 Veterans Benefit Act. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open may be used. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Lisa A Buchanan at lisa.buchanan1@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Monday, March 16, 2026, at 10:00AM CST. If a solicitation is issued it shall be announced at a later date, and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from the responses to this sources sought. Responses to these sources sought notice are not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT PUBLIC ADDRESS SYSTEM STATION WIDE The goal of this project is to remove and replace the existing public address system across the entire Robert J. Dole VA Medical Center campus. This new system will replace all the components of the public address system. This includes the design, removal of the existing systems, procurement of new equipment, installation, programming, testing, and training to ensure fully functional public address systems at the end of the contract. The new public address system will be a modern design, fully monitored system capable of decentralized zone control, message storage, and self-health monitoring. The system design must include speaker line verification and message delivery verification. The project will replace the existing fiber backbone for the public address system and will not connect to the existing enterprise network. The system must include all relevant safety and regulatory standards. Removal of Existing System: Carefully remove all existing system components, including speakers, microphones, wiring, and control units. The system must be removed and installed in phases to minimize system outages. Ensure safe and efficient disposal or recycling of old equipment according to relevant environmental and safety regulations. Procurement of New Equipment: Procure all necessary components for the new public address system, which may include speakers, desktop paging microphones, amplifiers, end-of-line monitoring devices, control units, and message servers. The equipment shall meet all standards for medical and public safety applications. The public address systems shall be Biamp s Vocia or equivalent. The equipment and proposed layout shall be reviewed by the Medical Center for comment and approval prior to purchase on behalf of the government. If documents are not approved, revisions will be required before approval. Revisions must be completed in 14 calendar days. The contractor shall provide floor plans with proposed locations for all the equipment. The Medical Center will provide the initial floor plans to the contractor. Installation of New System: New Speakers Speakers are to be installed throughout the corridors and common areas of each building, approximately every 25 feet, ensuring optimal sound coverage. Establish headend locations in each building to decentralize electronic control, simplifying installation, troubleshooting, and maintenance. Treat each floor of the buildings as individual zones to prevent issues in one area from affecting others, and provide flexibility for further zoning with additional amplifier channels. Install and connect the active end-of-line monitoring devices to monitor and report on the health of the speakers and wiring. Wiring and Cabling: Install all necessary wiring and low-voltage cabling for the new system, ensuring adherence to electrical codes and standards. Label and document all wiring and connections for ease of future maintenance and troubleshooting. System Programming and Integration: Program the new public address system, configuring zones and message priorities according to the site's needs. Integrate the system with any existing building management systems, fire alarm systems, or other safety and emergency systems as required. Testing and Quality Assurance: Perform rigorous testing of the entire system to verify functionality, sound quality, and reliability. Conduct end-to-end tests to ensure that messages are delivered accurately and the system self-health monitoring features are operational. User Training and Documentation: Provide comprehensive training sessions for facility staff on the use and maintenance of the new public address system. Training will be conducted via one (1) in-person session at the Wichita VAMC Supply detailed user manuals, system schematics, and maintenance documentation. Final Inspection and Handover: Conduct a final inspection of the installed system in each building to ensure compliance with project specifications and quality standards. Rectify any deficiencies or issues identified during the final inspection. Obtain official sign-off from project stakeholders to confirm satisfactory completion of the project. The contractor will provide a complete commissioning of the system. Ongoing Support and Maintenance: Offer a 2-year service period from the date of completion of the project. Equipment warranty as provided by the original equipment manufacturer. Bidding contractors shall have local service providers to support services needs in the future. The service support should be within 1-hour drive of the Robert J. Dole Medical Center. The name and address of local service providers must be provided in quote. Five-year manufacturer warranty on all equipment. Certified seller and installer by the original equipment manufacturer. Period of Performance: 180 calendar days after Notice to Proceed The contractor is responsible for delivering fully functional turnkey solution. By the end of the contract s period of performance, each of the buildings on campus will have a fully operational public address system.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Buchanan, Lisa A
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: lisa.buchanan1@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-946-1971

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/716956040466403e8b79a99bb1e05f2f/view