---
layout: default
title: 3990--MD COMPACT TRACK LOADER-BOBCAT l EKH (VA-26-00050315) 589-26-2-7628-0011
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 52b22dd6e31b45cca6feb758c8da000a
---

# 3990--MD COMPACT TRACK LOADER-BOBCAT l EKH (VA-26-00050315) 589-26-2-7628-0011

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 07:28:15.332-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0269
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI)/SOURCES SOUGHT DISCLAIMER 1. This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. 2. The submission of pricing, capabilities for planning purposes, and other market information is highly encouraged and allowed under this RFI In Accordance With (IAW) FAR Part 15.201(e). SOURCES SOUGHT DESCRIPTION 3. This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a RFI/sources sought only. The purpose of this sources sought/RFI is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 423830. Responses to this sources sought will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this sources sought, a solicitation announcement may be published. Responses to this sources sought synopsis are not considered adequate responses for a solicitation announcement. 4. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), VISN 15 Network Contracting Office, is seeking sources that can provide the following: Background: The Topeka VA Medical Center Grounds Dept. requires a more long-term and affordable solution in performing their duties and other responsibilities concerning grounds maintenance requiring more industrialized and heavier equipment. The purpose of this procurement is to obtain an updated compact track loader capable of completing heavy workloads that other machinery cannot do either efficiently or possibly at all and reducing the overall strain and resources on the department staff. The purchase of an updated compact track skid loader would prevent having to rent or lease equipment or having to contract work to be done for them, making it less expensive in the long term. **Name Brand or Equal** Scope: This procurement is for improving the capabilities and functions of the grounds department without having to incur costs through renting or leasing equipment to perform the work or having to contract out the work. The replacement compact track skid loader will be a cost savings decision on time and finances and improve project scheduling for the Topeka VAMC. In addition to the equipment requirements, there may be included incidental services of warranties, installation, support service and equipment accessories. The Contractor shall provide all necessary onsite equipment, tools, labor and supervision required per the requirement and specifications herein. The contractor (as the manufacturer or an authorized distributor) shall install and deliver new equipment only. No refurbished, returned or used equipment is permitted. All equipment provided must also include training at no cost for grounds department staff to service/repair/maintenance the machine. Part A: Compact Track Loader Part B: Accessories/attachments Part A Compact Track Skid Loader The Vendor shall provide a name brand or equal to compact track skid loader with the following specifications and requirements that are equal to or similar: Emissions are to be Tier 4 without the requirement of Diesel Particulate filter or ReGen Engine to be 74 HP or higher Rated operating capacity minimum of 2,900 lbs Tipping load of 8200 lbs or higher liquid cooled (antifreeze) Reversible fan with auto mode Radiator to be high capacity. Engine to be turbocharged for extra lugging power. Two speed travel (high and low) Ground pressure not to exceed 6.2 psi to prevent excessive compaction. Hydraulic system to include high and low flow. Hydraulic relief pressure maximum of 3,500 psi Suspension to be 5 link torsion undercarriage. Full joystick control Fully sealed and pressurized cabin with heat and air conditioning Back up alarm Back up camera Full LED deluxe lighting Air ride seat Deluxe instrumentation Keyless start Radio 12-volt power accessory Hydraulic bucket positioning Auxiliary hydraulics Powered hydraulic attachment (not manual locking) Ride control Electronic monitoring to include automatic engine de-rating and hydraulic flow reduction if needed for preservation of engine/hydraulic components. Telematics (gps, critical codes, remote monitoring, etc.) Track lug pattern best adapted to snow removal on paved surfaces. Clear side enclosure for viewing safety. Optional side lighting 7 pin connection 2 year or 2,000 hr. full warranty 1 year (or better) warranty on tracks Ability to connect to/operate all VAMC currently owned attachments without modifications Part B: Attachments Appropriately sized smooth bucket (low profile) that covers the width of the loaders tracks. Appropriately sized tooth bucket (low profile) that covers the width of the loaders tracks. Consideration of the facilities current skid loader and two buckets for trade in value. Delivery: The machine and attachments will be delivered and installed at the Colmery O Neil VAMC in Topeka, KS. Service: Vendor must ensure that there is an available dealer of the brand of equipment within 30 miles of the campus for quick availability of parts, service and repair. Vendor must be within the VA s current approved vendor network. 5. It is the responsibility of the interested source to demonstrate to the government that the interested parties can provide the supplies that fulfill the requirement. If you are interested, and are capable of providing the sought out products, please provide the requested information as well as the information indicated below. Failure to respond to all questions in this sources sought will determine the interested party as non-responsive which may affect a set-aside decision for a resulting solicitation. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: a. Please provide your UEI number. b. Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? c. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? d. If you are identified as a SDVOSB/VOSB or SB, identify how you intend to meet the requirements found in the limitations on subcontracting FAR or VAAR clauses. (providing 51% of the work outlined in section 4 above) e. Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA, VA NAC, NASA SEWP, or any other federal contract, that can be utilized to procure the requirement listed above? If so, please provide the contract number(s). f. Please submit your capabilities that show clear, compelling, and convincing evidence that you can meet the requirement described above. g. Please provide a copy pf your authorized distributor letter. 6. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Jessica Hansroth at jessica.hansroth@va.gov. Telephone responses shall not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Tuesday March 24, at 6:30 PM CT. If a solicitation is issued it shall be announced at a later date, and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from the responses to this sources sought. Responses to this sources sought notice are not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jessica Hansroth
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: jessica.hansroth@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-684-0145

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: manual locking) Ride control Electronic monitoring to include automatic engine de-rating and hydraulic flow reduction if needed for preservation of engine/hydraulic components. Telematics (gps, critical codes, remote monitoring, etc.) Track lug pattern best adapted to snow removal on paved surfaces. Clear side enclosure for viewing safety. Optional side lighting 7 pin connection 2 year or 2,000 hr. full warranty 1 year (or better) warranty on tracks Ability to connect to/operate all VAMC currently owned attachments without modifications Part B: Attachments Appropriately sized smooth bucket (low profile) that covers the width of the loaders tracks. Appropriately sized tooth bucket (low profile) that covers the width of the loaders tracks. Consideration of the facilities current skid loader and two buckets for trade in value. Delivery: The machine and attachments will be delivered and installed at the Colmery O Neil VAMC in Topeka, KS. Service: Vendor must ensure that there is an available dealer of the brand of equipment within 30 miles of the campus for quick availability of parts, service and repair. Vendor must be within the VA s current approved vendor network. 5. It is the responsibility of the interested source to demonstrate to the government that the interested parties can provide the supplies that fulfill the requirement. If you are interested, and are capable of providing the sought out products, please provide the requested information as well as the information indicated below. Failure to respond to all questions in this sources sought will determine the interested party as non-responsive which may affect a set-aside decision for a resulting solicitation. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: a. Please provide your UEI number. b. Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? c. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? d. If you are identified as a SDVOSB/VOSB or SB, identify how you intend to meet the requirements found in the limitations on subcontracting FAR or VAAR clauses. (providing 51% of the work outlined in section 4 above) e. Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA, VA NAC, NASA SEWP, or any other federal contract, that can be utilized to procure the requirement listed above? If so, please provide the contract number(s). f. Please submit your capabilities that show clear, compelling, and convincing evidence that you can meet the requirement described above. g. Please provide a copy pf your authorized distributor letter. 6. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Jessica Hansroth at jessica.hansroth@va.gov. Telephone responses shall not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Tuesday March 24, at 6:30 PM CT. If a solicitation is issued it shall be announced at a later date, and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from the responses to this sources sought. Responses to this sources sought notice are not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/52b22dd6e31b45cca6feb758c8da000a/view)