---
layout: default
title: 15--FLAP,WING LANDING - AND SIMILAR REPLACEMENT PARTS, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: acd04afc75de41fea6d72523d17e3640
---

# 15--FLAP,WING LANDING - AND SIMILAR REPLACEMENT PARTS, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 07:38:29.3-04
- Solicitation Number: N0038325RT088

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT|8||X||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT - COMBO||TBD|N00383|TBD|TBD|SW3122|TBD||||||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (SEP 2016)|2||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (SEP 2023)|4||||| SAFEGUARDING SENSITIVE CONVENTIONAL ARMS, AMMUNITION, AND EXPLOSIVES (NOV 2023)|9|||||||||| EQUAL OPPORTUITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| PROGRESS PAYMENTS (NOV 2021)|4||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAY 2024)|12|336413|1250||||||||||| TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984)|1|FIRM FIXED PRICE| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, ANDENERGY PROGRAM USE (APR 2008))|2||X| REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFIED COST OR PRICING DATA AND DATA OTHER THAN CERTIFIEDCOST OR PRICING DATA (MAY 2024))|1|| The intent of this amendment is to adjust the quantities on select surfaces as identified on the following page(s). The closing date of the subject RFP is extended until March 24, 2026. \ The intent of this amendment is to increase the quantity on select surfaces as identified on the following page(s). The closing date of the subject RFP is extended until February 20, 2026. This amendment is being issued to revise the scope of the requirement to add Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) 0009. The revised scope now includes the repair of the Horizontal Stabilizer (NSN 1560 016183519) for a quantity of 72 each. The solicitation's closing date is hereby extended until 25 April 2025. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. 1. SCOPE ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS STATEMENT OF WORK FOR REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF F/A-18E/F AND EA-18G AILERONS 3. REQUIREMENTS ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS - NOT APPLICABLE. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE 1. SCOPE ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS STATEMENT OF WORK FOR REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF F/A-18E/F AND EA-18G AILERONS 3. REQUIREMENTS ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS - NOT APPLICABLE. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE Reference folder 18305-0015: the 1st delivery shall be no later than 24 months ARO at a delivery rate of 8 per month. Tom Strain, x5806. 1. SCOPE ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY)./ PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS STATEMENT OF WORK FOR REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF F/A-18E/F AND EA-18G TRAILING EDGE FLAPS 3. REQUIREMENTS ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS - NOT APPLICABLE. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE 1. SCOPE ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS STATEMENT OF WORK FOR REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF F/A-18E/F AND EA-18G TRAILING EDGE FLAPS 3. REQUIREMENTS ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS - NOT APPLICABLE. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE 1. SCOPE ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS STATEMENT OF WORK FOR REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF F/A-18E/F AND EA-18G INBOARD LEADING EDGE FLAPS 3. REQUIREMENTS ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS - NOT APPLICABLE. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE 1. SCOPE ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS STATEMENT OF WORK FOR REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF F/A-18E/F AND EA-18G INBOARD LEADING EDGE FLAPS 3. REQUIREMENTS ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS - NOT APPLICABLE. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE 1. SCOPE ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS STATEMENT OF WORK FOR REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF F/A-18E/F AND EA-18G OUTBOARD LEADING EDGE FLAPS 3. REQUIREMENTS ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS - NOT APPLICABLE. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE 1. SCOPE ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS STATEMENT OF WORK FOR REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF F/A-18E/F AND EA-18G OUTBOARD LEADING EDGE FLAPS 3. REQUIREMENTS ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS - NOT APPLICABLE. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE 1. SCOPE ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS STATEMENT OF WORK FOR REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF F/A-18E/F AND EA-18G H-STABS 3. REQUIREMENTS ALL REPAIR/INSPECTION MUST BE PERFORMED IAW STATEMENT OF WORK (HARDCOPY). PLEASE CONTACT N231 FOR LATEST REVISION 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS - NOT APPLICABLE. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2156974295
  - Email: TARA.R.HARTUNG.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/acd04afc75de41fea6d72523d17e3640/view)