---
layout: default
title: COOLING PUMP & TURBOCHARER, EXHAUST B BANK
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 50aa46ffc7454c7d83340cce24f8db19
---

# COOLING PUMP & TURBOCHARER, EXHAUST B BANK

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 11:32:15.373-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z08026Q20081

## Summary

The United States Coast Guard Surface Forces Logistics Center has a requirement and requesting quotations for the following part: Item 1) NSN: 2930-12-344-4606 PUMPING, COOLING, FRESH WATER USED ON MTU DIESEL ENGINE MODEL 8V396 TE94, 87FT WPB. EACH ITEM SHALL BE INDIVIDUALLY PRESERVED AND PACKAGED AS APPROPRIATE IN ACCORDANCE WITH MIL-STD-2073-1E METHOD 10, CUSHIONED OR SECURED TO PREVENT MOVEMENT OR DAMAGE FROM EXTERNAL IMPACT. EACH ITEM SHALL THEN BE PACKED IN AN APPROPRIATELY SIZED ASTM-D6251 TYPE III, CLASS 1 WOOD-CLEATED PANELBOARD SHIPPING BOX OR ASTM-D6880 CLASS 2 HEAVY DUTY SCREWED WOODEN BOX. EACH PACKAGE SHALL BE MARKED IAW MIL-STD-129R EXCEPT BAR CODED IAW ISO/IEC-16388-2007, CODE 39 SYMBOLOGY. FAILURE TO MEET REQUIREMENTS FOR PACKAGING, PACKING, MARKING AND BAR-CODING WILL RESULT IN THE ITEM(S) BEING REJECTED AT THE WAREHOUSE AND RETURNED TO THE VENDOR. MFG: ROLLS-ROYCE SOLUTIONS GMBH PN: 5582000501 QTY: 1 EA Item 2) NSN: 2950-12-347-2010 TURBOCHARGER, EXHAUST B BANK TURBOCHARGER FOR MAIN DIESEL ENGINES, MTU MODEL 8V396 TE94, 87' WPB. EACH ITEM SHALL BE INDIVIDUALLY PRESERVED AND PACKAGED AS APPROPRIATE IN ACCORDANCE WITH MIL-STD-2073-1E METHOD 10, CUSHIONED OR SECURED TO PREVENT MOVEMENT OR DAMAGE FROM EXTERNAL IMPACT. EACH ITEM SHALL THEN BE PACKED IN AN APPROPRIATELY SIZED ASTM-D6251 TYPE III, CLASS 1 WOOD-CLEATED PANELBOARD SHIPPING BOX OR ASTM-D6880 CLASS 2 HEAVY DUTY SCREWED WOODEN BOX. EACH PACKAGE SHALL BE MARKED IAW MIL-STD-129R EXCEPT BAR CODED IAW ISO/IEC-16388-2007, CODE 39 SYMBOLOGY. FAILURE TO MEET REQUIREMENTS FOR PACKAGING, PACKING, MARKING AND BAR-CODING WILL RESULT IN THE ITEM(S) BEING REJECTED AT THE WAREHOUSE AND RETURNED TO THE VENDOR. MFG: ROLLS-ROYCE SOLUTIONS GMBH PN: 5100203205 QTY: 1 EA SHIP TO: USCG SFLC BALTIMORE RECEIVING ROOM – 88 2401 HAWKINS POINT ROAD BALTIMORE, MD 21226 This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for a commercial item prepared in accordance with the format outlined in FAR Subpart 12.6, FAC 2026-01 (March 2026) and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The NAICS code for this solicitation is 333998 and the business size standard is 700. The resultant purchase order will be awarded using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR 13.106 apply. Substitute parts are not acceptable. It is anticipated that a non-competitive sole source purchase order shall be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. It is the Government’s belief that only Rolls-Royce Solutions GMBH and/or their authorized distributors can offer these units. Concerns having the expertise and required capabilities to provide this item are invited to submit complete information discussing the same within two (2) calendar days from the day this notice posted. The data must include sufficient detail to allow the Coast Guard to evaluate the proposal relative to the requirements. The information submitted must include a letter from the OEM verifying the offeror is an authorized distributor verifying the OEM will supply genuine OEM parts. The U.S. Coast Guard intends to award on an all or none basis to a responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be the most advantageous to the Government. Award will be lowest price technically acceptable. The Coast Guard intends to award on a Firm Fixed Price Contract. All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which if timely received, shall be considered by the Agency. Companies must have valid DUNS numbers and be registered with SYSTEMS FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (www.sam.gov) and shall provide the company Tax Information Number (TIN) with their offer. The closing date and time for receipt of quote is April 13, 2026, at 10:00 am Eastern Standard Time OFFERORS MUST SUBMIT THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ON THEIR QUOTE: Disclosure: The offeror under this solicitation represents that [Check one]: __ it is not a foreign incorporated entity that should be treated as an inverted domestic corporation pursuant to the criteria of (HSAR) 48 CFR 3009.104-70 through 3009.104-73; __ it is a foreign incorporated entity that should be treated as an inverted domestic corporation pursuant to the criteria of (HSAR) 48 CFR 3009.104-70 through 3009.104-73, but it has submitted a request for waiver pursuant to 3009.104-74, which has not been denied; or __it is a foreign incorporated entity that should be treated as an inverted domestic corporation pursuant to the criteria of (HSAR) 48 CFR 3009.104-70 through 3009.104-73, but it plans to submit a request for waiver pursuant to 3009.104-74. (g) A copy of the approved waiver, if a waiver has already been granted, or the waiver request, if a waiver has been applied for, shall be attached to the bid or proposal __HSAR 3052.209-70 Prohibition on contracts with corporate expatriates (June 2006) (End of provision) The following FAR Clauses provisions apply to this solicitation. FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items (Sep 2023); FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items (May 2024) with Alternate I, Offeror(s) must include a completed copy of FAR 52.212-3 with their quote. The following FAR Clauses apply to this solicitation. Offerors may obtain full text versions of these clauses electronically at www.acquisition.gov.; FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items (Nov 2023); FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms & Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items (Mar 2026) The following clauses listed within FAR: 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Nov 2015) 52.233-3, Protest After Award (AUG 1996) (31 U.S.C. 3553) 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (OCT 2004) (Public Laws 108-77, 108-78 (19 U.S.C. 3805 note) The following clauses listed within 52.212-5 are applicable: FAR 52.203-6 Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (Jun 2020, with Alternate I (Nov 2021) FAR 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (Mar 2020) 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (June 2020) 52.209-6, Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment (June 2020) (31 U.S.C. 6101 note). FAR 52.219-28, Post Award Small Business Program representation (Feb 2024)(15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2) FAR 52.222-3, Convict Labor (Jun 2003)(E.O. 11755) FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Mar 2026) (E.O. 13126) FAR 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (April 2015) FAR 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (Sep 2016)(E.O. 11246) FAR 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for workers with disabilities (Jun 2020) FAR 52.222-50, Combat Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021)(22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627) FAR 52.225-1 Buy American Act-Supplies (Oct 2022) FAR 52.225-3, Buy American Act-Free Trade Agreement (Nov 2023)(41 U.S.C. 10a-10d) FAR 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct 2018)(31 U.S.C. 3332). The following items are incorporated as addenda to this solicitation: Copies of HSAR clauses may be obtained electronically at www.dhs.gov. CGAP 3042.302-90 Valuation Requirements for the Acquisition of Spare Parts Purchased for Inventory Control Points from HQ Contracts (OCT 2008). Copies of CGAP clauses may be obtained electronically at: www.uscg.mil/acquisition/procurement/pdf/CIM_4200_19H.pdf

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: DONNA SCANDALIATO
  - Email: DONNA.M.SCANDALIATO@USCG.MIL
  - Phone: 4107626259

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/50aa46ffc7454c7d83340cce24f8db19/view)