---
layout: default
title: SBC Network Solution
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 71c9c90cee9d4a1cb0f82962b8fbac61
---

# SBC Network Solution

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-14 14:32:40.862-04
- Solicitation Number: FA930226000

## Summary

This Request for Information (RFI) is for informational and market research purposes only. This is not a Request for Proposal (RFP) and does not constitute a solicitation. This RFI shall not be construed as a commitment by the U.S. Government. Responses in any form are not offers, and the Government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. No funds are available to pay for the preparation of responses to this announcement. Any information submitted by respondents is strictly voluntary. The Directorate of Contracting, Test Range and Specialized Contracting Division at the Air Force Test Center (AFTC), Edwards Air Force Base, CA, 93524, is conducting market research. The purpose is to identify available and mature information system network or on-premises network solutions that include comprehensive life-cycle support. The AFTC would acquire the solution to issue as Government-Furnished Equipment (GFE) to small business contractors supporting the various service and research and development efforts for the AFTC. BACKGROUND: The AFTC is seeking information on available information system network or on-premises solutions that include comprehensive life-cycle support. Such a solution, acquired by AFTC, would ensure that all Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI)—whether provided by the government or generated by AFTC contractors and their subcontractors—resides on a government-owned platform. The express purpose is to maintain AFTC control over all contractor-related CUI. This RFI explores a new paradigm where the responsibility for protecting Department of Defense (DoD) CUI remains with the DoD, rather than being distributed across multiple small business networks. Consequently, small business contractors using this AFTC-owned and furnished solution would not be subject to CMMC Level 2 assessment, as the CUI would reside on a government network, not a contractor network. This model is similar to existing networks, such as the one used by PEO Carriers, which centralizes all shipbuilding CUI on the PEO’s network instead of distributing it across contractor and subcontractor systems. Other similar networks are currently used to protect sensitive information in various fields. The ideal solution would be comparable to the federal NIPRnet but offer greater flexibility to accommodate the diverse needs of small business contractors supporting the AFTC. The solution must provide life-cycle support compliant with NIST SP 800-53 and all other government requirements, encompassing hardware, firmware, software, provisioning, training, help-desk support, monitoring, and governance. Furthermore, the solution must meet all requirements for protecting ITAR and EAR data and be capable of qualifying for a DoD Authority to Operate (ATO). The requirement is detailed within the attached documents.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Austen Siegler
  - Email: austen.siegler.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 5128096569
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Tylan McBride
  - Email: tylan.mcbride.2@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6615272704

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/71c9c90cee9d4a1cb0f82962b8fbac61/view)