---
layout: default
title: Hydrographic Survey & Mapping Services SATOC
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 68c709cf594f4cbfbdb7db28efaf9bc6
---

# Hydrographic Survey & Mapping Services SATOC

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 13:47:04.438-04
- Solicitation Number: W912EF26R8487

## Summary

1) CONTRACT INFORMATION Architect-Engineer (A-E) surveying and mapping services. This contract is being procured consistent with 40 U.S.C. Chapter 11 and Public Law 107-217, also known as the Brooks A-E Act, as implemented in FAR Subpart 36.6. A firm will be selected for negotiations based on demonstrated competence and qualifications for the work stated in this synopsis. The resulting contract will be an Indefinite Delivery Contract (IDC), also known as a Single Award Task Order Contract (SATOC). This synopsis will facilitate the award of one (1) IDC with a total capacity of $7 million. The IDC duration will be up to five years starting from the award date (3 year base period with 2 one-year option periods). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 541370 – Surveying and Mapping (except Geophysical) Services, and the corresponding small business size standard is $19 million in average annual receipts for the preceding three (3) fiscal years. This announcement is open only to small businesses under NAICS code 541370. Firms will be selected for negotiations based on demonstrated competence and qualifications for the required work as further described in this announcement. The contract will consist of surveying (primarily hydrographic) and mapping services. Work will vary in scope and size and will be awarded by individually negotiated firm-fixed-price task orders. A firm fixed price Service/Supply Rate Schedule encompassing disciplines, materials, and equipment for subsequent task orders will be negotiated following the preliminary selection. The wages and benefits of service employees (RFO 22.10) performing under these contracts must be at least equal to those determined by the Department of Labor under the Service Contract Act. To be eligible for contract award, firms must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Register via the SAM website at https://www.sam.gov or contact SAM Customer Service at 866-606-8220. 2) PROJECT INFORMATION A-E surveying and mapping services are primarily required for various Walla Walla and Portland Districts civil works projects located within the States of Washington, Oregon, and Idaho; however, this contract may be used to support work in other states in the Walla Walla and Portland Districts and for any other U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) District within the Northwestern Division (NWD). Those districts are Seattle, Omaha, and Kansas City. Services required include survey and mapping activities specific to the following: a) Hydrographic high order accuracy multi-beam bathymetric surveys with imagery (e.g. hillshade) for underwater structure analysis, project navigation channel condition status and quantity determinations. Types of structures include, but are not limited to, dams and appurtenances, flood control and navigation channels, revetments, navigation structures, and jetty/groins; b) Hydrographic transect and topographic bathymetric surveys designed for riverbed condition analysis, profiling and quantity determinations; c) Automated data collection, and fully integrated echo sounding equipment and positioning systems with 22 to 26 foot survey vessel(s) as a minimum required. Specified bathymetric work may require the incorporation of geophysical surveying systems and instruments (e.g. side-scan sonar, acoustic Doppler profiler, sub-bottom profilers, seismic reflection equipment, seafloor imaging software, and remotely operated vehicles) or other water quality instrumentation to meet Government requirements; d) Dredging measurement, payment, and acceptance surveys; e) Conventional and real-time Global Positioning System (GPS) control surveys for remote sensing instrumentation (e.g. hydrophone, transducer, etc.) in support of fish behavioral studies; f) Mapping in two and three dimensions explicit to required surveys; g) Conventional and real-time GPS land surveying encompassing geodetic control, cadastral and boundary surveys, remote sensing instrumentation positioning and control surveys, standard and valley type transect surveys, topographic, engineering design, and construction surveys; h) Horizontal and vertical control networks for establishing grid coordinate systems; i) Remote sensing and photogrammetric mapping requirements which consist of aerial photography, aerial photo processing, analytical aero-triangulation, stereo mapping compilation, digital orthophotography, airborne topographic light detection and ranging (LIDAR) mapping, and land use/land cover interpretation; j) Utilization of multiple frequency GPS and GNSS enabled systems, electronic directional and leveling instruments; k) Establishment of primary control networks from which supplemental surveying and mapping is performed, positional information is determined with reference to ellipsoid heights, and tied to high accuracy geodetic control networks; l) Production and recordation of cadastral/boundary maps and documents according to appropriate State and county requirements; m) Remote sensing data acquisition of 2D and 3D information about an object through the use of aerial, land-based, and hydrographic sensors; airborne LiDAR, high resolution 3D terrestrial LiDAR, and BlueView sonar technologies; n) Deformation Monitoring Surveys (precise and standard to industry) performed on land and underwater on a periodic basis to determine if a structure or object is changing shape or moving; o) Subsurface Utility Engineering (SUE) and Mapping Surveys; p) Magnetometer and underwater vegetation (Eel Grass) delineation surveys; q) Wreck, underwater obstruction, and underwater structure/facility investigations and inspections; r) Investigations using ROVs for tidal or inland waters; s) Geographic Information System (GIS) creation of personal geo-databases with implementation of Spatial Data Standard for Facilities, Infrastructure, and Environment (SDSFIE) standards and compatible with Environmental Systems Research Institute, Inc. (ESRI), Arc-Geographic Information System (ArcGIS) software; t) Automated data processing with Computer-Aided Design (CAD) systems employing A/E/C Standard with industry equipment, hardware and software. All digital files with support data shall be furnished in Autodesk format using the version specified in the task order. USACE current version is 2023; u) All surveying and mapping services shall be supervised and directed by a Professional Land Surveyor, a Certified Hydrographic Surveyor, or a Photogrammetrist registered to practice in the State(s) where services will be performed. A valid U.S. Coast Guard license to pilot passenger carrying vessels is required for personnel operating vessels while conducting surveys with Government representatives on board. All task orders are accomplished in full compliance with established Federal, State, local, and installation laws, safety and health regulations and procedures, as well as U.S. Army Corps of Engineers engineering manuals requirements, Walla Walla District technical requirements and other policies requisite to special site conditions, task requirements and as deemed necessary by the District's Contracting Officer or designated representative(s). 3) SELECTION CRITERIA A-E selections will be conducted in strict accordance with the announced selection criteria, and in compliance with FAR Subpart 36.6, its supplements and Engineer Pamphlet (EP) 715-1-7, Construction, Architect-Engineer Contracting in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The criteria for evaluation and selection are listed below in descending order of importance (first by major criterion and then by each sub-criterion). Criteria A through F are primary. Criteria G and H are secondary and used as 'tie-breakers' for technically equal rated firms; therefore, firms should not commingle submission of data related to those criterion with the primary criterion. Primary Criteria: a) Specialized experience and technical competence in the type of work discussed in Project Information items 2a through 2t above for the preceding six (6) years. b) Professional Qualifications: The selected firm must have the professional qualifications necessary for satisfactory performance of required services and relevant experience in the survey and mapping disciplines listed in the project information (item 2u). The evaluation will consider education, registration, technical certification, training, and longevity of relevant experience. c) Equipment Plan: Firms must currently possess or have the capability to readily obtain, through purchase or lease, instruments, equipment, hardware and software sufficient to meet the survey and mapping requirements listed in the project information. Describe owned or leased instruments, equipment, hardware and software that will be used to perform this contract or your plan to obtain those items. d) Demonstrated knowledge of locality specific to the Columbia, Snake, and Clearwater Rivers, their basins and tributaries, as evidenced by accurate and detailed understanding of their geography and hydrology. Past work experience of these areas would be preferred to show demonstrated knowledge. e) Capacity to accomplish the work. Demonstrate the capability to field up to two (2) survey crews simultaneously. Additionally, demonstrate capacity of the firm relative to rapid response actions for mobilization and short suspense dates for task completion. f) Past performance: Past performance on contracts with government agencies and private industry in terms of cost control, quality of work, and compliance with performance schedules over the last six (6) years. Evaluations will be pulled from Department of War (DoW) Past Performance Information Retrieval System (PPIRS) based on the Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number for the prime and any subcontractors included in the SF330 Part II. Firms may also include any ratings, letters of appreciation, awards, etc., as well as any other past performance information to document private industry performance of work as a subcontractor for Government agencies. Secondary Criteria: g) Geographic Proximity to the primary assignment area of the states of Washington, Oregon and Idaho. h) Volume of Department of Defense (DoD) contract awards in the last 12 months, with the objective of effecting an equitable distribution of DoD AE contracts among qualified firms. 4) SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS Interested firms having the capabilities to perform this work must submit a Standard Form (SF) 330, Architect-Engineer Qualifications, Parts I and II for the prime and all subcontractors. The SF330 should be complete and specifically address the requirements of this announcement. Address all Selection Criteria in descending order of importance, as defined in the Selection Criteria section of this announcement, in SF330, Section H. For Section F (Example Projects Which Best Illustrate Proposed Team’s Qualifications for This Contract), 10 is the maximum number of projects for the prime and all subcontractors combined that can be submitted. Submit completed SF330, not later than 2:00 PM Pacific Time on May 11, 2026, via email to: Nathan Bruce, Contract Specialist, at nathan.i.bruce@usace.army.mil. Solicitation packages are not provided, and facsimile transmissions will not be accepted. Personal visits to discuss this project will not be scheduled. This is not a request for proposal, and no other general notification will be made. Only timely SF330’s will be considered. Reference Solicitation No. W912EF26R8487 in your submission package. All inquiries regarding this synopsis are to be submitted via Bidder Inquiry. Telephone and email inquiries will not be accepted. Bidder Inquiry is a web-site that allows firms to post questions regarding the synopsis/announcement and view all questions by other firms and responses by USACE. Bidder Inquiry can be accessed through ProjNet at (https://www.projnet.org). To submit and review inquiry items, firms will need to use the Bidder Inquiry Key presented below and follow the instructions listed below the key for access. A firm who submits a comment /question will receive an acknowledgement of the comment/question via email. Another email to the same address will notify the prospective vendor once the reply is available for viewing. TIMING OF BIDDER INQUIRIES. Firms are encouraged to submit their inquiries promptly. The Government will make every effort to answer all inquiries; however, the closer to the bid / proposal / offer due date an inquiry is received, the less likely it is that a timely response can be provided. The Bidder Inquiry Key is: 6E963K-I426SJ Specific Instructions for ProjNet Bid Inquiry Access. From the ProjNet home page linked above, click on Quick Add on the upper right side of the screen. Identify the Agency. This should be marked as USACE. Key. Enter the Bidder Inquiry Key listed above. Email. Enter the email address you would like to use for communication. Click Continue. A page will then open saying that a user account was not found and will ask you to create one using the provided form. Enter your First Name, Last Name, Company, City, State, Phone, Email, Secret Question, Secret Answer, and Time Zone. Make sure to remember your Secret Question and Answer as they will be used from this point on to access the ProjNet system. Click Add User. Once this is completed you are now registered within ProjNet and are currently logged into the system. Instructions for Entering Questions. After you are logged in click on the "post new inquiry", it is on the left side of the window under the Word "Submit". This is the window where you will enter your questions. Comment Classification: Click on the down arrow to the right of the words “Please select from below”, select “Public”. Discipline: This is where you select who this question should be directed to. Example; if the question is about cost engineering select: “Cost Engineering” from the pull down list. Sheet. N/A. Detail. N/A. Specification. Enter the paragraph number and section. File. Use this if you are going to attach a pdf file. Question. Enter your question. Specific Instructions for Future ProjNet Bid Inquiry Access. For future access to ProjNet, you will not be provided any type of password. You will utilize your Secret Question and Secret Answer to log in. From the ProjNet home page linked above, click on Quick Add on the upper right side of the screen. Identify the Agency. This should be marked as USACE. Key. Enter the Bidder Inquiry Key listed above. Email. Enter the email address you used to register previously in ProjNet. Click Continue. A page will then open asking you to enter the answer to your Secret Question. Enter your Secret Answer and click Login. Once this is completed you are now logged into the system. For questions about the ProjNet Bidder Inquiry, please contact the Call Center help desk toll free at 1-800-428-HELP, which operates from 8AM to 5PM (Central US time zone). Bidder inquiry help questions can also be emailed to the helpdesk at: staff@rcesupport.com. NOTICE: All firms/bidders/offerors will be held to have reviewed the questions and responses in Bidder Inquiry prior to submission. Nothing is changed in the synopsis/solicitation unless an amendment is issued.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nathan Bruce
  - Email: nathan.i.bruce@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 5095277224

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/68c709cf594f4cbfbdb7db28efaf9bc6/view)