---
layout: default
title: FCC Lompoc FY26 A1 2nd QTR Ground Beef and Beef Patties
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: fe3291b1dbad4329b0c2c6de22ffe498
---

# FCC Lompoc FY26 A1 2nd QTR Ground Beef and Beef Patties

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 13:51:36.293-04
- Solicitation Number: 15B61726Q00000008

## Summary

U.S. Department of Justice Federal Bureau of Prisons Federal Correctional Complex (FCC) Lompoc 3901 Klein Blvd Lompoc, CA 93436 March 11, 2026 (i) This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is 15B61726Q00000007. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ) for the quarterly food requirement. Please read it in its entirety. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference, The full text of provisions and clauses may be access electronically at www.acquisition.gov. (ii) This solicitation is being issued as total small business set-aside. The NAICS for this requirement is 311999 with a size standard of 700 employees. (iii) A list of line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure: See BRQ (iv) Description of requirements for the items to be acquired: See BRQ (v) This solicitation is expected to result in the single award, or multiple awards, of a firm-fixed price contract(s) for various subsistence items. (vi) TERMS OF DELIVERY ARE F.O.B. DESTINATION BEGINNING March 29, 2026 AND ENDING April 17, 2026, BETWEEN THE HOURS OF 7:00AM PACIFIC STANDARD TIME(PST) – 2:00PM PST. NO DELIVERY ON WEEKENDS OR HOLIDAYS. ANY QUESTIONS REGARD DELIVER CONTACT THE FOOD SERVICE ADMINISTRATOR AT (805)735-2771 x3400 DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS: All deliveries will be delivered to the institution. Federal Correctional Complex (FCC) Lompoc 3901 Klein Blvd Lompoc, CA 93436 The driver is responsible for getting the load to the back of the truck on all deliveries. All on-frozen, perishable foods must be delivered between 34 degrees F to 40 degrees F. All frozen foods must be delivered at 0 degrees F or below. Any products that indicate prior thawing will be refused. Vendors who fail to meet delivery schedules or specification may be removed indefinitely from future solicitations for bids. (vii) A list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(a)). The following provisions are appliable: 52.212-1, Instructions to offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (1) Price - The government will evaluate the Quoter’s proposed price to ensure it is fair and reasonable; and (2) Past Performance - Past performance information shall include prior experience and similar performances undertaken by the contractor. (3) Technical – In the form of Product Offered (Identify the Product Brand or Manufacturer). 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements—Representation (JAN 2017) 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate( (viii) A list of contract clauses that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(b)). 52.212-4, Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (NOV 2023) 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Internal Confidentiality Agreements (JAN 2017) 52.204-13 System for Award Management – Maintenance (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Debarred/Suspended Contractors (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.219-6 Small Business Set-Aside (NOV 2020) 52.222-3 Convict Labor (JUNE 2003) 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies(JAN 2025) 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans (JUNE 2020) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUNE 2020) 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans (JUNE 2020) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (OCT 2025) 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management (OCT 2018) 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party 52.233-3 Protest After Award 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim JAR 2852.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions, Commercial Items (ix) Award will be made to the responsible Quoter whose quote conforms to the requirements and is determined to provide the best value to the Government, considering the evaluation factors outlined below. Price - The government will evaluate the Quoter’s proposed price to ensure it is fair and reasonable; and Past Performance - Past performance information shall include prior experience and similar performances undertaken by the contractor. Technical – In the form of Product Offered (Identify the Product Brand or Manufacturer). (x) The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact: The completed solicitation package must be returned no later than 2:00 p.m. Pacific Standard Time on March 18, 2026. Vendors shall submit quotes in .pdf format to Tammy Lamirand, Contract Specialist, by email to tlamirand@bop.gov ONLY. No fax, hand delivered, or mail-in quotes will be accepted. Quotes MUST be good for 30 calendar days after close. (xi) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c). Please ensure all information requested is included. Information will be posted to the General Services Administration, Contract Opportunities: SAM.gov | Contract Opportunities. All future information about this acquisition, including amendments, and cancellations will also be distributed through this site. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to ensure they have the most up-to-date information about this solicitation. Awards with total value over the Micro Purchase Threshold of $15,000 will be awarded with a Firm -Fixed Price (FFP) Purchase Order. Awards with total value under the Micro Purchase Threshold of $15,000 will be awarded with a Firm -Fixed Price (FFP) Government Purchase Card transaction from the local food services department. Any subsequent award will require acceptance in the form of a signature by the contractor 48 hours after the signed purchase order has been delivered to the contractor. Subsistence is a vital part of the orderly running of the operation of a Federal Prison. In accordance with FAR 12.201-1 (b), this contracting officer has determined this acquisition appropriate to require acceptance in writing. “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in this solicitation. Contracting officers will rely on representations from offers based on provisions in the solicitation. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.” ***Question Submission: Interested quoters must submit any questions concerning the solicitation at the earliest time possible to enable the Buyer (FCC Lompoc) to respond. Questions must be submitted by email only, tlamirand@bop.gov. No phone calls please.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tammy LaMirand
  - Email: tlamirand@bop.gov
  - Phone: 80573641545461

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fe3291b1dbad4329b0c2c6de22ffe498/view)