---
layout: default
title: 61--CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 9e74a3cb72924dee916e7ec52ae84696
---

# 61--CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 18:46:13.266-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426RYA49

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT|6|x|||||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE OF SUPPLIES|26|x||||||||||||x|||||||||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|invoice and receiving report combo type||TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|see schedule|TBD|||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| LIST OF AWARD ATTACHMENTS|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984)|1|FFP| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||x| THESE ITEMS REQUIRE GOVERNMENT SOURCE APPROVAL PRIOR TO AWARD. IF YOU ARE NOT AN APPROVED SOURCE, YOU MUST SUBMIT, TOGETHER WITH YOUR PROPOSAL, THEINFORMATION DETAILED IN THE NAVSUP WSS SOURCE APPROVAL BROCHURE, WHICH CAN BEOBTAINED ONLINE AT https://www.navsup.navy.mil/public/navsup/wss/business_opps/ UNDER "COMMODITIES". OFFERS RECEIVED WHICH FAIL TO PROVIDE ALL DATA REQUIREDBY THE SOURCE APPROVAL BROCHURE WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED FOR AWARD UNDER THISSOLICITATION. PLEASE NOTE, IF EVALUATION OF A SOURCE APPROVAL REQUESTSUBMITTED HEREUNDER CANNOT BE PROCESSED IN TIME AND/OR APPROVAL REQUIREMENTS PRECLUDE THE ABILITY TO OBTAIN SUBJECT ITEMS IN TIME TO MEET GOVERNMENTREQUIREMENTS, AWARD OF REQUIREMENT MAY BE CONTINUED BASED ON FLEET SUPPORTNEEDS. 1. SCOPE 1.1 ;This procurement specification contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for ;OE-538 Outboard Cable Assembly, SSBN/SSGN; for use on Navy submarines.; 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |P |041029|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |N |121116|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |010417|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9320-AM-PRO-020/MLDG | | |02 |130805|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9320-AM-PRO-030/MLDG | | |03 |050201|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC furnished under this contract/purchase order shall be the design represented by Cage Code(s) reference number(s). Cage _______ ref. no. ;17476 1155130-114; 3.2 ;Design and Manufacturing- The ;OE-538 Outboard Cable Assembly, SSBN/SSGN; furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the material, electrical, mechanical, physical and test requirements as specified in Sippican Drawing D248895-1 Rev F, DGO Drawing 1155130-114 and associated specifications.; 3.3 ;The cable assembly shall be terminated, molded and tested to ensure compliance with specifications listed on Sippican Drawing D248895-1 Rev F.; 3.4 ;A) Shall Fabricate to NAVSEA S9320-AM-PRO-020/MLDG Rev.02 and NAVSEA S9320-AM-PRO-030/MLDG Rev.03 requirements. B) The three set screws will be replaced with a snap ring in accordance with approved DGO Drawing#1155130 dated 16 July 2018. ; 3.4.1 ;DGO-1 is authorized to be utilized in lieu of NAVSEA S9320-AM-PRO-030/MLDG Rev.02.; 3.5 ;Marking Requirements-The supplier shall permanently ink mark (white ink) the cable (outer jacket surface) lengths with the following legend "Manufacture's: Part Number, Code, Name and Specification Number" in accordance with MIL-STD- 130. The marking shall be done in such a manner as not to permanently indent, deform or otherwise damage outer covering. The legend character types shall be block and have a height not to exceed 1/8 of an inch. The legend shall be con- tinous for the full length of the cable assembly. The legend shall be repeated at intervals not exceeding one foot. In addition, there shall be 1/2-inch wide yellow strip on the cable for alignment purposes. The 1/2-inch wide yellow stripshall be made of light reflecting material. The strip shall be applied to the cable when it is in a free, relaxed, twist-free state, and continous for the full length of the cable assembly. ; 3.6 ;Teledyne DGO is authorized to assign serial numbers as required.;

3.7 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the SPCC Contracting Officer has been notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, or a detailed description of the change, explaining the reason therefore. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings inthe form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE/MINOR DESIGN CHANGE - If the Manufacturer's Part Number or item design indicated thereon has changed, but form, fit and function of the item is not affected thereby, and the design change meets the criteria for minor, by not effecting form, fit, function, reliability or safety , supply the item and advise SPCC immediately of the new part number, furnishing a detail drawing and/or a detailed description of the change, as applicable. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable.

3.8 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 3.8.1 NAVSEA S9320-AM-PRO-020/MLDG - Manufacture of this item requires vendor certification in accordance with NAVSEA S9320-AM-PRO-020/MLDG. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Quality System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain a quality system acceptable to the Government. The quality system requirements shall be in accordance with ISO 9001. 4.2.1 ;Suppliers currently using and maintaining Inspection System Requirements to MIL-I-45208 are granted permission to utilize MIL-I-45208 if desired.; 4.3 ;Surface Roughness - All surface finishes are in RMS measurements. Where the degree of surface roughness is indicated, the surface shall be free from all visible imperfections as defined by Standard ASME B46.1. ;

4.4 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.5 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH.

6.2 Notice To Distributors/Offerors - Consideration for award of contract shall be given only to authorized distributors of the original manufacturer's item represented in this solicitation. If you desire to be considered as a potential source for award of this contract, proof of being an authorized distributor shall be provided on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official and sent with your offer to the Procurement Contracting Officer. 6.3 ;M17/78-RG217 clear mylar wrap may be used instead of brown mylar wrap per the ISEA.;

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2156973533
  - Email: VLADIMIR.MAKSIMCHUK@NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9e74a3cb72924dee916e7ec52ae84696/view)