---
layout: default
title: Reestablish a Mexfly Citrus Research Grove at Moore Air Base, Edinburg, Texas
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 1f35da31a7f44b8cb8f2275d91762b9b
---

# Reestablish a Mexfly Citrus Research Grove at Moore Air Base, Edinburg, Texas

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-08 08:32:08.613-04
- Solicitation Number: 12639526Q0012

## Summary

This modification 3 to the solicitation cancels the requirement in it's entirety. Thank you to those who expressed interest and provides quotes. Should this requirement become available again there will be another announcement on SAM.gov. This modification 2 to the soliciation reopens the requirement with changes to the statement of work, new grove location and itemized pricing schedule. This soliciation will now close on February 27th at noon. This modification to the solicitaton incorporates a revised SOW, the handout given at the site visit and the contractor questions & answers. The solicitation will also be modified to extend the due date to January 30th at noon EST. Please note that the handout given at the site visit was intended for internal use only. Please quote based on the SOW and Q&A's. Site Visit has been established for Tuesday, January 20th at 11am-12pm. Meet at the Insect Management and Molecular Diagnostics Lab (IMMDL), Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) 22675 N Moorefield Road, Edinburg, TX 78541, Building 6414 This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 12639526Q0012 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) to Reestablish a Mexfly Citrus Research Grove at the Insect Management and Molecular Diagnostics Lab (IMMDL) in Edinburg, TX, in support of fruit fly eradication and detection efforts by Plant Protection and Quarantine (PPQ). This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 561730 The small business size standard is $9.5 million. This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-Aside. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the agency. See “Attachment 1 - Solicitation Terms and Conditions” for applicable clauses, instructions, and evaluation criteria. NOTICE FOR FILING AGENCY PROTESTS United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Ombudsman Program The USDA is committed to issuing solicitations and awarding contracts in a fair and prompt manner. The Ombudsman Program for Agency Protests (OPAP) was established to address protest issues within the agency, providing an alternative to costly and time-consuming litigation. Operating independently, OPAP offers relief comparable to that granted by the Government Accountability Office (GAO). Interested parties are encouraged to resolve concerns through USDA’s internal Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) process before pursuing external forums such as the GAO. Concerns may be addressed informally or through a formal agency protest filed with either the Contracting Officer or the Ombudsman. Informal Forum with the Ombudsman Initial Point of Contact: Interested parties who believe a specific USDA procurement is unfair or otherwise defective should first direct their concerns to the applicable Contracting Officer. Escalation: If the Contracting Officer is unable to address their concerns, interested parties are encouraged to contact the USDA Ombudsman for Agency Protests. Under this informal process, the agency is not required to suspend contract award performance. Utilization of the informal forum does not suspend any time requirement for filing a formal protest with the agency or other forums. Required Information: To ensure a timely response, interested parties should provide the following information to the Ombudsman: solicitation/contract number, contracting office, Contracting Officer, and solicitation closing date (if applicable). Formal Agency Protest with the Ombudsman Effort to Resolve: Prior to submitting a formal agency protest, protesters must first use their best efforts to resolve their concerns with the Contracting Officer through open and frank discussions. Independent Review: If the protester’s concerns remain unresolved, an Independent Review is available by the Ombudsman. The protester may file a formal agency protest with either the Contracting Officer or, alternatively, with the Ombudsman under the OPAP program. Contract awards or performance will be suspended during the protest period unless justified in writing for urgent and compelling reasons or determined in writing to be in the best interest of the Government. Resolution Timeline: The agency’s goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from the date of filing. Required Information: Protests shall include the information set forth in FAR 33.104(a)(3). Failure to submit the required information may result in a delay or dismissal of the protest. Timeliness: Protests must be filed within the timeframes specified in FAR 33.104. Submission: Formal protests under the OPAP program should be submitted electronically to SPE.inquiry@usda.gov and the Contracting Officer. Election of Forum. By initiating a protest with the USDA, the protester agrees not to pursue the same matter with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or any other external forum while the agency protest is pending. If a protest is filed externally, the agency protest will be dismissed. Attachments Attachment 1 - Solicitation Terms and Conditions Attachment 2 – Statement of Work Attachment 3 – SCA Wage rates for Hidalgo County, TX Contact Information Primary Point of Contact: Margaux Nenichka, Margaux.G.Nenichka@usda.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Margaux Nenichka
  - Email: Margaux.G.Nenichka@usda.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Solicitation Terms and Conditions” for applicable clauses, instructions, and evaluation criteria. NOTICE FOR FILING AGENCY PROTESTS United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Ombudsman Program The USDA is committed to issuing solicitations and awarding contracts in a fair and prompt manner. The Ombudsman Program for Agency Protests (OPAP) was established to address protest issues within the agency, providing an alternative to costly and time-consuming litigation. Operating independently, OPAP offers relief comparable to that granted by the Government Accountability Office (GAO). Interested parties are encouraged to resolve concerns through USDA’s internal Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) process before pursuing external forums such as the GAO. Concerns may be addressed informally or through a formal agency protest filed with either the Contracting Officer or the Ombudsman. Informal Forum with the Ombudsman Initial Point of Contact: Interested parties who believe a specific USDA procurement is unfair or otherwise defective should first direct their concerns to the applicable Contracting Officer. Escalation: If the Contracting Officer is unable to address their concerns, interested parties are encouraged to contact the USDA Ombudsman for Agency Protests. Under this informal process, the agency is not required to suspend contract award performance. Utilization of the informal forum does not suspend any time requirement for filing a formal protest with the agency or other forums. Required Information: To ensure a timely response, interested parties should provide the following information to the Ombudsman: solicitation/contract number, contracting office, Contracting Officer, and solicitation closing date (if applicable). Formal Agency Protest with the Ombudsman Effort to Resolve: Prior to submitting a formal agency protest, protesters must first use their best efforts to resolve their concerns with the Contracting Officer through open and frank discussions. Independent Review: If the protester’s concerns remain unresolved, an Independent Review is available by the Ombudsman. The protester may file a formal agency protest with either the Contracting Officer or, alternatively, with the Ombudsman under the OPAP program. Contract awards or performance will be suspended during the protest period unless justified in writing for urgent and compelling reasons or determined in writing to be in the best interest of the Government. Resolution Timeline: The agency’s goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from the date of filing. Required Information: Protests shall include the information set forth in FAR 33.104(a)(3). Failure to submit the required information may result in a delay or dismissal of the protest. Timeliness: Protests must be filed within the timeframes specified in FAR 33.104. Submission: Formal protests under the OPAP program should be submitted electronically to SPE.inquiry@usda.gov and the Contracting Officer. Election of Forum. By initiating a protest with the USDA, the protester agrees not to pursue the same matter with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or any other external forum while the agency protest is pending. If a protest is filed externally, the agency protest will be dismissed. Attachments Attachment 1 - Solicitation Terms and Conditions Attachment 2 – Statement of Work Attachment 3 – SCA Wage rates for Hidalgo County, TX Contact Information Primary Point of Contact: Margaux Nenichka, Margaux.G.Nenichka@usda.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1f35da31a7f44b8cb8f2275d91762b9b/view)