---
layout: default
title: USS HIGGINS (DDG-76) FY26 6C1 SRA BUNDLE 2, Yokosuka Japan
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 68ef704eb52049399e4863db6407f002
---

# USS HIGGINS (DDG-76) FY26 6C1 SRA BUNDLE 2, Yokosuka Japan

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 22:22:59.014-04
- Solicitation Number: N6264926RA038

## Summary

MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0003 is to revise TGI 38KB312326A01, 38KB312337A01, and Section B CLIN 0002, the percentage of Growth Work CLIN (from 9.33% to 9.32%). Please refer the attached document for details. * Access to the work specification package listed in Section J as ATTACHMENT (I) are only accessible through DoD SAFE. DoD SAFE is a secure U.S. Government repository which enables the sharing of large files and requires outside users to receive a drop-off request from the U.S. Government. Offerors shall note that access is only available for 14 days once sent. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of the solicitation amendment 0002 is issued to extend the solicitation closing date to 24 April 2026 at 10:00AM. Please refer the attached document for details. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0001 is to respond to the questions, revise Section C (C-3.1), and revise Section J with additional enclosure (CDRL-GFM). Please refer the attached document for details. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Surface Restricted Availability (SRA) in support of the USS HIGGINS (DDG-76) This solicitation is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Firms who do not possess an active U.S. MSRA/ABR as a "Prime Contractor" are ineligible for award. Non MSRA /ABR holders may request an application for an MSRA or an ABR certification by requesting an application package from: flcy_msra_abr_group@us.navy.mil. Please note that the MSRA/ABR Certification process may require a year to complete. 1. USS HIGGINS (DDG-76): NAVSUP Fleet Logistics Center Yokosuka (NAVSUP FLCY) has a new requirement in support of the USS HIGGINS (DDG-76). The repair and maintenance package of work items are included as Task Group Instruction (TGI) provided in Attachment (I). 2. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: From 29 June 2026 to 8 February 2027 3. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: the Government Facility (Yokosuka Naval Base, Japan) 4. OFFER: Offerors must provide all information required by this solicitation no later than 10 April 2026 at 10:00 AM Japan Standard Time (JST). 5. WORK ITEM INFORMATION: Access to the work specification package listed in Section J as Attachment (I) may only be accessed through DoD SAFE. DoD SAFE is a secure U.S. Government repository which enables the sharing of large files and requires outside users to receive a drop-off request from the U.S. Government. Therefore, any offeror intending to provide a proposal to this solicitation shall request access by sending an email to: kazuya.iwanaga.ln@us.navy.mil, ai.gillard.ln@us.navy.mil by 20 March 2026 10:00 am JST. Once the U.S. Government receives the offeror's access request, the U.S. Government will provide the offeror with a link and instructions to retrieve Attachment (I). Offerors shall note that access is only available for 14 days once sent. When submitting your proposal, you must specify any hazardous material in accordance with FAR 52.223-3 (Hazardous Material ID) and DFARS 252.223-7001. When submitting your proposal, you must specify if you anticipate sea transportation in accordance with DFARS 252.247-7022. If there is a time limit on your offer, you must specify this at submission of your proposal. If there are any amendments to this RFP, please acknowledge them when submitting your proposal in the proposal comment section. If you have any questions concerning this Solicitation, please feel free to contact me at kazuya.iwanaga.ln@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kazuya Iwanaga
  - Email: kazuya.iwanaga.ln@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 0468169974
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Ai Gillard - Contracting Officer
  - Email: ai.gillard.ln@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 01181468163805

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: are only accessible through DoD SAFE. DoD SAFE is a secure U.S. Government repository which enables the sharing of large files and requires outside users to receive a drop-off request from the U.S. Government. Offerors shall note that access is only available for 14 days once sent. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of the solicitation amendment 0002 is issued to extend the solicitation closing date to 24 April 2026 at 10:00AM. Please refer the attached document for details. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0001 is to respond to the questions, revise Section C (C-3.1), and revise Section J with additional enclosure (CDRL-GFM). Please refer the attached document for details. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Surface Restricted Availability (SRA) in support of the USS HIGGINS (DDG-76) This solicitation is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Firms who do not possess an active U.S. MSRA/ABR as a "Prime Contractor" are ineligible for award. Non MSRA /ABR holders may request an application for an MSRA or an ABR certification by requesting an application package from: flcy_msra_abr_group@us.navy.mil. Please note that the MSRA/ABR Certification process may require a year to complete. 1. USS HIGGINS (DDG-76): NAVSUP Fleet Logistics Center Yokosuka (NAVSUP FLCY) has a new requirement in support of the USS HIGGINS (DDG-76). The repair and maintenance package of work items are included as Task Group Instruction (TGI) provided in Attachment (I). 2. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: From 29 June 2026 to 8 February 2027 3. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: the Government Facility (Yokosuka Naval Base, Japan) 4. OFFER: Offerors must provide all information required by this solicitation no later than 10 April 2026 at 10:00 AM Japan Standard Time (JST). 5. WORK ITEM INFORMATION: Access to the work specification package listed in Section J as Attachment (I) may only be accessed through DoD SAFE. DoD SAFE is a secure U.S. Government repository which enables the sharing of large files and requires outside users to receive a drop-off request from the U.S. Government. Therefore, any offeror intending to provide a proposal to this solicitation shall request access by sending an email to: kazuya.iwanaga.ln@us.navy.mil, ai.gillard.ln@us.navy.mil by 20 March 2026 10:00 am JST. Once the U.S. Government receives the offeror"s access request, the U.S. Government will provide the offeror with a link and instructions to retrieve Attachment (I). Offerors shall note that access is only available for 14 days once sent. When submitting your proposal, you must specify any hazardous material in accordance with FAR 52.223-3 (Hazardous Material ID) and DFARS 252.223-7001. When submitting your proposal, you must specify if you anticipate sea transportation in accordance with DFARS 252.247-7022. If there is a time limit on your offer, you must specify this at submission of your proposal. If there are any amendments to this RFP, please acknowledge them when submitting your proposal in the proposal comment section. If you have any questions concerning this Solicitation, please feel free to contact me at kazuya.iwanaga.ln@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/68ef704eb52049399e4863db6407f002/view)