---
layout: default
title: W044--Service Contract Rental Temporary Operators - (POP: 07/01/2026 - 06/30/2028) - B 1OY Base Plus One Option Year VA San Diego Healthcare System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 68eff349d0c24c55800e1bd66dc7396a
---

# W044--Service Contract Rental Temporary Operators - (POP: 07/01/2026 - 06/30/2028) - B 1OY Base Plus One Option Year VA San Diego Healthcare System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 13:08:48.388-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0519
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Service Contract Rental Temporary Operators - (POP: 07/01/2026 - 06/30/2028) - Base Plus One Option Year (B+1OY). This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. It is neither a solicitation announcement nor a request for proposals or quotes and does not obligate the Government to award a contract. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. Responses to these sources sought must be in writing. The purpose of these sources sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses, Veteran Owned Small Businesses, 8(a), HUBZone and other Small Businesses interested and capable of providing the services described below. Documentation on technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) company name (b) address (c) point of contact (d) phone, fax, and email (e) DUNS number (f) Cage Code (g) Tax ID Number (h) Type of small business, e.g. Services Disabled Veteran Owned small Business, Veteran-owned small business, 8(a), HUBZone, Women Owned Small Business, Small disadvantaged business, or Small Business HUBZone business and (i) must provide a capability statement that addresses the organizations qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the work described below. The Department of Veteran Affairs, San Diego VA Healthcare System located at 3350 La Jolla Village Dr, San Diego, CA 92161-0002 to provide the Veterans Affairs Healthcare System located at 3350 La Jolla Village Dr. San Diego, California 92161 (664) requires operators to monitor and operate the temporary rental boiler 24/7 located at Building 2 - Central Utilities Plant. Important information: The Government is not obligated to, nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this source sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. The VA is mandated by Public Law 109-461 to consider a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business set aside. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open competition may be determined. No sub-contracting opportunity is anticipated. The North American Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 238220 - Plumbing, Heating, and Air-Conditioning Contractors - ($19.0 Million dollars); and PSC Code W044 - lease or rental transactions for furnace, steam-plant, and industrial drying equipment. Notice to potential offerors: All offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov and complete Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA). Additionally, all Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Businesses or Veteran Owned Businesses who respond to a solicitation on this project must be registered with the SBA-Dynamic Small Business Search (DSBS) Registry located at https://dsbs.sba.gov. All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail to barry.bland@va.gov All information submissions to be marked Attn: Dr. Barry Bland, Contract Specialist and should be received no later than 10:00 am MST on March 23, 2026. Scope of work: The Vendor shall provide experienced boiler operators to ensure a continuous 24/7 on-site presence. The Vendor must provide operators with rotating schedule to ensure complete coverage: a. One (1) operator per shift. The operator shall monitor and operate and ensure safety compliance with the temporary rental boiler. The Operator shall maintain the Annual/Monthly Preventative Maintenance as required by boiler manufacturers and/or by codes. The operator shall record daily logs, coordinate maintenance, and respond to emergencies. The operator shall perform the following but not limited to: Check for damage to controls or floats and close using new gaskets. Inspect and clean firebox area. Visually inspect tubes from the firebox for evidence of leakage or overheating. Check gauge glass valves, record all findings, and notify the Central Utilities Plant Manager. Check operation and adjust all linkages, belts and pulleys in accordance with factory specifications. Check and calibrate drum level and steam pressure Check and calibrate PLC analog inputs and outputs. Check operation of feed water flow and steam flow transmitters. Check and calibrate diverter valve bypass damper for proper operation per factory specifications. Verify PLC digital inputs and outputs for proper operation. Check out HRSG control panel for loose connections. Check out HRSG panel components for any signs of potential problems. Assure that HRSG panel components are operating properly and safely. PLC to be loop checked with each transmitter and a detailed copy of calibration logs will be submitted to customers. Check and adjust all boiler limits, pressure controls and running interlocks. Provide safety meetings with SDVA operators prior to commencing work. Including Lock out procedures for diverter and control system. Prior to leaving at the end of each workday field tech is to check out with SDVA engineers and advise them of progress and operating status of equipment. If equipment is not safe to run, the equipment will be tagged stating Unsafe to Operate and list the employee working on the equipment and a contact phone number. The Operator shall provide the listed Documentation but not limited to: Provide a calibration report for each calibrated instrument as indicated above. Provide an electronic copy of the PLC program back up. Provide an electronic copy of the HMI and database.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Dr. Barry Bland
  - Title: Senior Contracting Specialist
  - Email: barry.bland@va.gov
  - Phone: 858-626-8744

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/68eff349d0c24c55800e1bd66dc7396a/view)