---
layout: default
title: Panel, Edge-Lit Ligh
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: f6d79616fd0d452cbe0506161e2d6c0f
---

# Panel, Edge-Lit Ligh

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-09 15:58:34.283-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z03826QJ0000115

## Summary

A00001 - The response date for this special notice has been extended until March 26, 2026 at 2:00 PM EDT. NOTICE OF INTENT TO AWARD A SOLE SOURCE BOA CALL: The United States Coast Guard (USCG), Aviation Logistics Center (ALC), Medium Range Recovery (MRR) Procurement Division intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source, the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) – GE Aviation Systems LLC (Cage Code 19623), under Basic Ordering Agreement SPE4A1-25-G-0013 for the procurement listed below and in “Attachment 1- Schedule- 70Z03826QJ0000115.” In accordance with FAR 12.102(a), the items listed below are available from only one source. The North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS) is 336413 with a size standard of 1,250 employees. The Product Service Code (PSC) is 1560. This requirement is unrestricted. Delivery is requested within one hundred (100) days after the receipt of order (ARO). The USCG desires early deliveries therefore early shipments are encouraged at no additional cost to the Government. F.O.B. point is Destination. Solicitation number 70Z03826QJ0000115 is assigned for tracking purposes only. No solicitation package will be issued. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals; however, all responsible sources may submit a quotation to Riley.A.Ayers@uscg.mil with 70Z03826QJ0000115 in the subject line which will be considered by the agency if received no later than 2:00 P.M., (EDT) on 26 March 2026. A determination by the Government not to compete the proposed procurement based upon the responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Award will be made upon determination of fair and reasonable pricing. 1. Procurement of four (4) each Panel, Edge-Lit Ligh, NSN: 1560-01-HS2-5280, P/N: 007546 Attachments: See Attachment 1 – “Schedule - 70Z03826QJ0000115” See Attachment 2 – “Redacted J and A – 70Z03826QJ0000115” “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, 52.223-22, Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals—Representation, and Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, including paragraph (t). Additional examples include 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions—Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services). Contracting officers will not consider the following representations when making award decisions or enforcing requirements: · Paragraph (d) and (t) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services · Paragraphs (b)(33), (b)(34), (e)(1)(ix), and (e)(1)(x) of 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Additionally, per this deviation, in paragraph (b)(46), E.O. 14057 does not apply; · Paragraphs (e)(1)(ii)(I) and (e)(1)(ii)(J) of Alternate II of 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services · Paragraphs (a)(1)(vii) and (a)(1)(viii) of 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions—Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services). Additionally, per this deviation, in paragraph (b)(1)(xvii), E.O. 14057 does not apply. Entities are not required to update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Riley Ayers
  - Email: Riley.A.Ayers@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: MRR Procurement Mailbox
  - Email: mrr-procurement@uscg.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Schedule- 70Z03826QJ0000115.” In accordance with FAR 12.102(a), the items listed below are available from only one source. The North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS) is 336413 with a size standard of 1,250 employees. The Product Service Code (PSC) is 1560. This requirement is unrestricted. Delivery is requested within one hundred (100) days after the receipt of order (ARO). The USCG desires early deliveries therefore early shipments are encouraged at no additional cost to the Government. F.O.B. point is Destination. Solicitation number 70Z03826QJ0000115 is assigned for tracking purposes only. No solicitation package will be issued. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals; however, all responsible sources may submit a quotation to Riley.A.Ayers@uscg.mil with 70Z03826QJ0000115 in the subject line which will be considered by the agency if received no later than 2:00 P.M., (EDT) on 26 March 2026. A determination by the Government not to compete the proposed procurement based upon the responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Award will be made upon determination of fair and reasonable pricing. 1. Procurement of four (4) each Panel, Edge-Lit Ligh, NSN: 1560-01-HS2-5280, P/N: 007546 Attachments: See Attachment 1 – “Schedule - 70Z03826QJ0000115” See Attachment 2 – “Redacted J and A – 70Z03826QJ0000115” “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, 52.223-22, Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals—Representation, and Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, including paragraph (t). Additional examples include 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions—Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services). Contracting officers will not consider the following representations when making award decisions or enforcing requirements: · Paragraph (d) and (t) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services · Paragraphs (b)(33), (b)(34), (e)(1)(ix), and (e)(1)(x) of 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Additionally, per this deviation, in paragraph (b)(46), E.O. 14057 does not apply; · Paragraphs (e)(1)(ii)(I) and (e)(1)(ii)(J) of Alternate II of 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services · Paragraphs (a)(1)(vii) and (a)(1)(viii) of 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions—Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services). Additionally, per this deviation, in paragraph (b)(1)(xvii), E.O. 14057 does not apply. Entities are not required to update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.”

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f6d79616fd0d452cbe0506161e2d6c0f/view)