---
layout: default
title: Amendment 4 - Yakama Service Unit Upgrade Stand Alone Closed Circuit Television and Card Access System
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: c476f619ed6042b3a48ec5c18a253d34
---

# Amendment 4 - Yakama Service Unit Upgrade Stand Alone Closed Circuit Television and Card Access System

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 12:09:32.702-04
- Solicitation Number: 75H71326Q00009a

## Summary

This is Amendment 4 to solicitation 75H71326Q00009 to remove clause 52.212-5. This is Amendment 3 to solicitation 75H71326Q00009 to upload Response to Questions Part 3 - 2.3.26. This is Amendment 2 to solicitation 75H71326Q00009 to upload Response to Questions Part 2 - 1.23.26, upload revise PWS and to extend solicitation deadline to February 3, 2026 at 5pm EST. This is Amendment 1 to solicitation 75H71326Q00009 to upload Response to Questions 1/14/2026, uploaded revised PWS and Price Schedule, and to extend solicitation deadline to January 28, 2026 at 5pm EST. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation no. 75H71326Q00009 has been issued as a Request For Quotation a firm fixed price commercial items contract for Upgrade Pharmacy CCTV and CAS at Yakama Service Unit located in Toppenish, WA. The performance work statement is attached. The performance period is from date of award through March 31, 2026. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06 dated 10/01/2025. The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial, applies to this acquisition. The provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: price and past performance. The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. FAR 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address: http://www.acquisition.gov. 52.202-1, Definitions (Jun 2020), 52.204-7, System for Award Management (Oct 2018), 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (Nov 2021), 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items (Dec 2022), 52.222-3, Convict Labor (June 2003), 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (Sept 2016), 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020), 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020), 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014), 52.223-6, Drug-Free Workplace (May 2001), 52.224-1, Privacy Act Notification (Apr 1984), 52.224-2, Privacy Act (Apr 1984), 52.229-3, Federal, State, and Local Taxes (Feb 2013), 52.229-4, Federal, State, and Local Taxes (State and Local Adjustments) (Feb 2013), 52.232-1, Payments (Apr 1984), 52.232-8, Discounts for Prompt Payment (Feb 2002), 52.232-17, Interest (May 2014), 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct 2018), 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023), 52.233-1, Disputes (May 2014), 52.233-3, Protest after Award (Aug 1996), 52.237-2, Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation (Apr 1984), 52.237-3, Continuity of Services (Jan 1991). DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES ACQUISITION REGULATION (HHSAR) (48 CFR CHAPTER 3) CLAUSES: 352.224-70, Privacy Act (Dec 2015), 352.239-73, Electronic and Information Technology Accessibility Notice (Dec 2015), 352.239-74, Electronic and Information Technology Accessibility (Dec 2015), 352.237-70, Pro-Children Act. (Dec 2015) (a)Public Law 103-227, Title X, Part C, also known as the Pro-Children Act of 1994 (Act), 20 U.S.C. 7183, imposes restrictions on smoking in facilities where certain federally funded children's services are provided. The Act prohibits smoking within any indoor facility (or portion thereof), whether owned, leased, or contracted for, that is used for the routine or regular provision of: (i) kindergarten, elementary, or secondary education or library services or (ii) health or day care services that are provided to children under the age of 18. The statutory prohibition also applies to indoor facilities that are constructed, operated, or maintained with Federal funds. (b) By acceptance of this contract or order, the Contractor agrees to comply with the requirements of the Act. The Act also applies to all subcontracts awarded under this contract for the specified children's services. Accordingly, the Contractor shall ensure that each of its employees, and any subcontractor staff, is made aware of, understands, and complies with the provisions of the Act. Failure to comply with the Act may result in the imposition of a civil monetary penalty in an amount not to exceed $1,000 for each violation and/or the imposition of an administrative compliance order on the responsible entity. Each day a violation continues constitutes a separate violation. 352.237-71 Crime Control Act of 1990-Reporting of Child Abuse (Dec 2015) (a)Public Law 101-647, also known as the Crime Control Act of 1990 (Act), imposes responsibilities on certain individuals who, while engaged in a professional capacity or activity, as defined in the Act, on Federal land or in a federally-operated (or contracted) facility, learn of facts that give the individual reason to suspect that a child has suffered an incident of child abuse. (b) The Act designates "covered professionals" as those persons engaged in professions and activities in eight different categories including, but not limited to, teachers, social workers, physicians, dentists, medical residents or interns, hospital personnel and administrators, nurses, health care practitioners, chiropractors, osteopaths, pharmacists, optometrists, podiatrists, emergency medical technicians, ambulance drivers, alcohol or drug treatment personnel, psychologists, psychiatrists, mental health professionals, child care workers and administrators, and commercial film and photo processors. The Act defines the term "child abuse' as the physical or mental injury, sexual abuse or exploitation, or negligent treatment of a child. (c) Accordingly, any person engaged in a covered profession or activity under an HHS contract or subcontract, regardless of the purpose of the contract or subcontract, shall immediately report a suspected child abuse incident in accordance with the provisions of the Act. If a child is suspected of being harmed, the appropriate State Child Abuse Hotline, local child protective services (CPS), or law enforcement agency shall be contacted. For more information about where and how to file a report, the Childhelp USA, National Child Abuse Hotline (1-800-4-A-CHILD) shall be called. Any covered professional failing to make a timely report of such incident shall be guilty of a Class B misdemeanor. (d) By acceptance of this contract or order, the Contractor agrees to comply with the requirements of the Act. The Act also applies to all applicable subcontracts awarded under this contract. Accordingly, the Contractor shall ensure that each of its employees, and any subcontractor staff, is made aware of, understands, and complies with the provisions of the Act. 352.237-72 Crime Control Act of 1990-Requirement for Background Checks (Dec 2015) (a) Public Law 101-647, also known as the Crime Control Act of 1990 (Act), requires that all individuals involved with the provision of child care services to children under the age of 18 undergo a criminal background check. "Child care services" include, but are not limited to, social services, health and mental health care, child (day) care, education (whether or not directly involved in teaching), and rehabilitative programs. Any conviction for a sex crime, an offense involving a child victim, or a drug felony, may be grounds for denying employment or for dismissal of an employee providing any of the services listed above. (b) The Contracting Officer will provide the necessary information to the Contractor regarding the process for obtaining the background check. The Contractor may hire a staff person provisionally prior to the completion of a background check, if at all times prior to the receipt of the background check during which children are in the care of the newly-hired person, the person is within the sight and under the supervision of a previously investigated staff person. (c) By acceptance of this contract or order, the Contractor agrees to comply with the requirements of the Act. The Act also applies to all applicable subcontracts awarded under this contract. Accordingly, the Contractor shall ensure that each of its employees, and any subcontractor staff, is made aware of, understands, and complies with the provisions of the Act. 352.237-75 Key Personnel (Dec 2015) The key personnel specified in this contract are considered to be essential to work performance. At least 30 days prior to the contractor voluntarily diverting any of the specified individuals to other programs or contracts the Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer and shall submit a justification for the diversion or replacement and a request to replace the individual. The request must identify the proposed replacement and provide an explanation of how the replacement's skills, experience, and credentials meet or exceed the requirements of the contract (including, when applicable, Human Subjects Testing requirements). If the employee of the contractor is terminated for cause or separates from the contractor voluntarily with less than thirty days’ notice, the Contractor shall provide the maximum notice practicable under the circumstances. The Contractor shall not divert, replace, or announce any such change to key personnel without the written consent of the Contracting Officer. The contract will be modified to add or delete key personnel as necessary to reflect the agreement of the parties. HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT (HIPAA) The Indian Health Service (IHS) is required to comply with HIPAA in the provision of health care to IHS patients. HIPAA was implemented by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Civil Rights, under the Code of Federal Regulations, Part 160 and 164. Accordingly, all health care providers, including contracted health care providers are required to comply with HIPAA requirements (Full text will be furnished upon request). This requirement is set-aside for Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise. The NAICS code is 561621 and the small business size standard is 18,020 employees. ATTACHMENTS: ATTACHMENT 1 – PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT ATTACHMENT 1 - PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT UPDATE ATTACHMENT 1 - PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT - YSU LAYOUT UPDATE 1.23.26 ATTACHMENT 2 – PRICE SCHEDULE ATTACHMENT 2 - PRICE SCHEDULE REVISED ATTACHMENT 3 – IHS IEE REPRESENTATION FORM ATTACHMENT 4 – WAGE DETERMINATION – WASHINGTON RESPONSE TO QUESTIONS 1.14.26 RESPONSE TO QUESTIONS PART 2 - 1.23.26 Evaluation Factors and Methodology: The Government will consider competitive rates. Quoter shall submit quote before deadline of January 21, 2026 at 5:00pm EST. Rate shall be an All-Inclusive Hourly Rate that includes travel, per diem, lodging/housing, transportation, meals, and applicable taxes (i.e. federal, state and local). The basis of award is the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Other factors for this solicitation include past performance of the quoter. Past performance information may be based on the Government’s knowledge of and previous experience with the quoter, or other reasonable basis. -OR- 52.212.2 – Evaluation – Commercial Items (Nov 2021) (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Factor 1: Technical Capabilities and Past Performance. Factor 2: Price. The Government will assess its level of confidence that the contractor will successfully perform the requirements based on the quoter’s demonstrated experience provided in response to the questions identified below. The Quoter shall submit a written submission, totaling no more than 3 pages, detailing their EXPERIENCE by addressing each of the two topics provided in this section. The Quoter shall demonstrate in the submission that it has experience providing supplies, material and equipment supporting the scope identified in the requirement in the last 12 months. Technical and past performance, when combined, are in accordance with FAR 15.304. Quotation Instructions: Award will be made to the responsible respondent pursuant to FAR subpart 9.1. Multiple awards may be made. Offers are due by January 21, 2026 5:00pm EST. Email Subject line shall include the solicitation number “75H71326Q00009 – VENDOR NAME”. For information regarding this solicitation, contact Sheila Sells, Contract Specialist at telephone (503) 414-5523 and email Sheila.Sells@ihs.gov and pao.doa@ihs.gov. Questions by telephone will not be considered.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sheila Sells
  - Email: Sheila.Sells@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 5034145523
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: PAO.DOA@ihs.gov
  - Email: PAO.DOA@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 5034145523

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT ATTACHMENT 1 - PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT UPDATE ATTACHMENT 1 - PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT - YSU LAYOUT UPDATE 1.23.26 ATTACHMENT 2 – PRICE SCHEDULE ATTACHMENT 2 - PRICE SCHEDULE REVISED ATTACHMENT 3 – IHS IEE REPRESENTATION FORM ATTACHMENT 4 – WAGE DETERMINATION – WASHINGTON RESPONSE TO QUESTIONS 1.14.26 RESPONSE TO QUESTIONS PART 2 - 1.23.26 Evaluation Factors and Methodology: The Government will consider competitive rates. Quoter shall submit quote before deadline of January 21, 2026 at 5:00pm EST. Rate shall be an All-Inclusive Hourly Rate that includes travel, per diem, lodging/housing, transportation, meals, and applicable taxes (i.e. federal, state and local). The basis of award is the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Other factors for this solicitation include past performance of the quoter. Past performance information may be based on the Government’s knowledge of and previous experience with the quoter, or other reasonable basis. -OR- 52.212.2 – Evaluation – Commercial Items (Nov 2021) (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Factor 1: Technical Capabilities and Past Performance. Factor 2: Price. The Government will assess its level of confidence that the contractor will successfully perform the requirements based on the quoter’s demonstrated experience provided in response to the questions identified below. The Quoter shall submit a written submission, totaling no more than 3 pages, detailing their EXPERIENCE by addressing each of the two topics provided in this section. The Quoter shall demonstrate in the submission that it has experience providing supplies, material and equipment supporting the scope identified in the requirement in the last 12 months. Technical and past performance, when combined, are in accordance with FAR 15.304. Quotation Instructions: Award will be made to the responsible respondent pursuant to FAR subpart 9.1. Multiple awards may be made. Offers are due by January 21, 2026 5:00pm EST. Email Subject line shall include the solicitation number “75H71326Q00009 – VENDOR NAME”. For information regarding this solicitation, contact Sheila Sells, Contract Specialist at telephone (503) 414-5523 and email Sheila.Sells@ihs.gov and pao.doa@ihs.gov. Questions by telephone will not be considered

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c476f619ed6042b3a48ec5c18a253d34/view)