---
layout: default
title: F-15E Radar Modernization Program (RMP) Non-Radar Depot Activation - F-15E/EX Primary Pressure Regulator and Shutoff Valve (PPRSV) PN 3215986-1-1
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 3cdcfc035a034b65811371b1d300d02a
---

# F-15E Radar Modernization Program (RMP) Non-Radar Depot Activation - F-15E/EX Primary Pressure Regulator and Shutoff Valve (PPRSV) PN 3215986-1-1

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-10 12:16:11.744-04
- Solicitation Number: PCOL-26-1-FA8634

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT FOR MARKET RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 10. This synopsis is issued solely for market research and planning purposes. The purpose is to improve the Government's understanding of the current marketplace and to identify capable sources – THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. This synopsis is not to be construed as commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract nor does the Government intend to directly pay for any information submitted as the result of this synopsis. The Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command (AFMC), Air Force Life Cycle Management Center (AFLCMC), Fighters & Advanced Aircraft Directorate (AFLCMC/WA), F-15 System Program Office (AFLCMC/WAQ), Wright-Patterson Air Force Base (WPAFB), Ohio, is seeking information from potential sources capable of providing the personnel, supervision, equipment, and services necessary to support the depot activation and sustainment capability for the F-15E/EX Primary Pressure Regulator and Shutoff Valve (PPRSV), part number (PN) 3215986-1-1. This RFI seeks to identify qualified sources, including large and small businesses (SB), 8(a), HUBZone, Women-Owned (WO), and Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned (SDVO) small businesses. Respondents should clearly demonstrate their technical capabilities and compliance with the specifications outlined below. From this point forward, the valve will be referred to as the PPRSV. Instructions for Responses: Read the requirements provided below to determine if you believe your company has the technical knowledge, capabilities, and experience to perform the described effort. If, after reviewing, you believe your company can meet the PPRSV Depot Activation requirements, submit a capability statement demonstrating your ability to perform the requirements outlined below. Your submission should include responses to the information requested in the "Capabilities" section and "Part I: Business Information," and should be submitted in accordance with "Part II: Communication. " Program Requirements: The source must be able to perform (at a minimum) all the following tasks to support the depot activation and sustainment capability for the F-15E PPRSV, PN 3215986-1-1: Deliver a depot-level Maintenance/Repair Technical Order (TO) for the PPRSV. Deliver a depot-level Maintenance/Repair and Calibration Technical Order (TO) for fixtures and tools required for the PPRSV. Provision of necessary spares for supporting the PPRSV, including for new depot support equipment (SE) and calibration equipment. Provide engineering Support is required for the depot activation and standup process specific to the PPRSV. Ensure depot readiness through training for United States Air Force (USAF) technicians to maintain, repair, and overhaul fixtures and tools, along with associated test equipment (TE), required for the PPRSV, in accordance with (IAW) the applicable Maintenance/Repair and Calibration TOs. This includes verifying that all necessary fixtures, tools, and TE are properly maintained, repaired, and calibrated per the relevant TOs. Provide spares for repair of the PPRSV in the depot environment. Facilitate the process for obtaining an Authority to Operate (ATO) from the appropriate authorizing official within the United States Air Force (USAF) if any of the required software processes, transmits, or stores Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) or Personally Identifiable Information (PII). This includes providing all necessary documentation, security controls, and support to ensure compliance with applicable cybersecurity regulations and policies. Identify any Intellectual Property necessary to support Government use and maintenance of the test equipment required for the PPRSV. Provide training for Air Force (AF) technicians to repair and overhaul the PPRSV and associated test equipment. Provide necessary SE with provisions for the repair, testing, and overhaul of subsequent basic design configuration of the subject Line Replaceable Units (LRUs), along with the Shop Replaceable Units (SRUs) and subassemblies. Deliver any new equipment, hand tools, fixtures, carts, and test equipment (TE) and provide an itemized list of these items to the Government. Deliver spare parts for the subject LRUs, new depot SE, and calibration equipment. Submit a Maintenance Test and Support Equipment Requirements List associated with the new depot capability. Provide and deliver training materials to USAF personnel at the Oklahoma City Air Logistics Center (OC-ALC) for the subject LRUs, all SRUs and subassemblies, TE, and calibration equipment to include, but not limited to, demonstrating teardown/disassembly, test, maintenance, and operational use. Provide, deliver, and train USAF personnel, to include electrostatic discharge, personal protective equipment (PPE), handling coolants, and hazards associated with depot line parts. Include training on illnesses that may result while working with depot equipment that utilize chemical, radiological, physical, electrical, mechanical, or other workplace hazards during depot repairs. Update courseware to ensure that any corrections or updates are incorporated post training. In addition to the tasks listed above, the source must be able to accomplish the following: Utilize a system for management of Government-Furnished Property (GFP) IAW FAR Part 45. Provide site survey and requirements for Depot Activation, facility upgrade reviews (FUR), repair data, installation checkout and demonstration to OC-ALC personnel, tests procedures and data, and validation and verification. Provide project management in the following areas: administration and reporting, non-recurring engineering (NRE) tracking, risks identification, and reviews and meetings. Create and utilize a configuration management plan and system to support the PPRSV Depot Activation. The system must include the procedures, responsibilities, and resources to perform configuration identification, control, audits, status accounting, interface management, and subcontract management. Implement data management procedures for the preparation, quality control, administration, and delivery of data required by Contract Data Requirements List (CDRLs). Maintain data status and delivery schedules for all CDRLs. Maintain an electronic listing of internal data and subcontractor data generated. Deliver classified information to the Government through approved secure channels and notify the Government of such a delivery through standard, unclassified communication channels to ensure timely receipt of data. Execute a System Engineering Management Plan (SEMP), which defines the systems engineering tasks to be performed, as well as ensure that all work conducted be performed IAW a Quality Assurance Program derived from ISO 9001 and/or Aerospace Standard (AS) 9100 as applicable. Execute a System Safety Program Plan (SSPP) and accomplish the system safety tasks per the SSPP and identify any new hazards. Accomplish Environmental Factors/Environmental Safety and Occupational Health (ESOH) tasks. Identify any new hazardous materials IAW National Aerospace Standard (NAS) 411. Investigate and implement information technology (IT) applications (using the internet or other appropriate delivery mechanisms) that enhance delivery, reduce costs, or improve processes associated with the weapon system. These efforts can supplement existing legacy systems or support new systems as appropriate. Ensure that all hardware deliverables or special items, as applicable, can be shipped worldwide by all modes of transportation (air, truck, rail, water) via both commercial means and the Defense Transportation System (DTS). All items, which may include hazardous, classified/sensitive, oversize/outsize, electrostatic sensitive, demilitarization, or precious metals, shipped by the DTS are governed by DTR 4500.9R “Defense Transportation Regulation” and AFI 24-203, Preparation and Movement of Air Force Cargo. Classified material must be shipped IAW DoD 5220.22-M “National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual.” All items will be protected from the hazards of handling equipment and transportable IAW MIL-STD-1366E and/or NAS 411, as applicable. This publication is intended to elicit responses from sources with knowledge, skills, data, equipment, proper facilities, and capacity to meet the USAF’s requirements. The dollar value and period of performance (PoP) for each contract will be commensurate to the requirement. Contract efforts are subject to FAR 52.232-18 availability of funds. AFLCMC/WAQ is continually surveying the market to identify sources able to fulfill all previously mentioned requirements. Qualified sources must have the knowledge and capability to perform all stated requirements starting approximately Fiscal Year 2027. If a contractor believes that they have the capability and are qualified to meet the USAF's requirements, please respond to this pre-solicitation synopsis with the following information for AF assessment: Capabilities: The capabilities package should be brief and concise and clearly describe the capabilities of your company and the nature of the goods and/or services you provide, along with your ability to meet the stated requirements above. Please limit the response to the equivalent of 100 8.5 x 11-inch pages with no smaller than 12-point font. Only affirmative responses to this notice will be assessed to the extent necessary for the Government to determine the technical capability of the firm to meet the F-15E/EX PPRSV Depot Activation requirements. The package should include the following information: Recent, relevant experience in the above discussed areas. Teaming and/or subcontracting arrangements should be clearly delineated, and previous experience teaming must be provided. If subcontractors are to be used, provide anticipated percentage of effort to be subcontracted and whether small or large businesses will be used. Major Risks: Identify any major performance, schedule, or cost risks anticipated. A response offering other than the requirements in the above Program Requirements paragraph will be considered non-responsive. The contractor may provide additional tasks required for successful F-15E/EX PPRSV Depot Activation not specified above with adequate justification in their response. Requested Responses: Part I: Business Information: Please provide the following business information for your company and for any teaming or joint venture partners: Name of Company Contractor and Government Entity (CAGE) code Address Point of Contact (to include phone number and email address) Web Page URL Facility and Security Clearance Firms responding to this announcement should indicate whether they are a large business, small business, small disadvantaged business (SDB), woman-owned small business (WOSB), economically disadvantaged women-owned small business (EDWOSB), 8(a)-certified business, service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB), veteran-owned small business (VOSB), or Historically Underutilized Business Zone small business (HUBZone). The National American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this action is 541330, size standard (in millions of dollars) $25.5. All prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database to be awarded a Department of Defense (DoD) contract. Identify if your company is domestically or foreign owned. If foreign, please indicate the country of ownership. Respondents should also state whether they are interested in being a prime contractor for this requirement or a subcontractor. Acquisition strategy has not yet been determined; market research results will assist the AF in determining whether this requirement will be a full and open, small business set-aside, or sole source acquisition. NOTE: If there is sufficient demonstrated interest and capability among small business concerns, a key factor in determining if a portion or portions of an acquisition or the entire acquisition will be a Small Business Set Aside is a reasonable expectation that two or more responsible small business concerns will submit offers that are competitive in terms of fair market prices, quality, and delivery. If this effort is not set aside for small business, small business utilization will be considered. Request that large and small businesses provide a reasonable expectation for small business utilization as a percent of total contract value. Please provide supporting rationale for the recommended percentage. Part II: Communication: All submissions are requested to be made electronically by 4 pm EST on 30 January 2026 and sent to the F-15 Development System Office, Attention: valerie.neff@us.af.mil. Submissions must not exceed 4 MB. Annual appropriations are anticipated as the funding source. Any information submitted by respondents to this synopsis is strictly voluntary. THIS SYNOPSIS IS FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES AND IS NOT TO BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT NOR WILL THE GOVERNMENT REIMBURSE THE RESPONDENTS FOR ANY COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH THEIR RESPONSES. THIS SYNOPSIS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS (RFP), OR AN INVITATION FOR BIDS (IFB), NOR DOES ITS ISSUANCE RESTRICT THE GOVERNMENT AS TO ITS ULTIMATE ACQUISITION APPROACH. The Government reserves the right to contact the submitting parties as required, for further clarification on material provided. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the assessment. Contracting Office Address: AFLCMC/WAQK F-15 Division ATTENTION: Area B, Bldg 553 Rm 290 2725 C Street Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433-7424

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Valerie Neff
  - Email: valerie.neff@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Myka Jarrells
  - Email: myka.jarrells@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3cdcfc035a034b65811371b1d300d02a/view)