---
layout: default
title: X-Ray Computed Tomography Cabinet System (Revised Requirements)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: fff9c0f0037049d3b9bbcf3f4bd4f6ad
---

# X-Ray Computed Tomography Cabinet System (Revised Requirements)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-14 11:04:45.428-04
- Solicitation Number: N00421-26-SIMACQ-AB21000-0011

## Summary

THIS NOTICE OF INTENT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE PROPOSALS. Interested parties, however, may identify their interest and capability by responding to the requirement. The Government will consider all information received prior to the closing date of this synopsis. Information received will be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. A determination by the Government not to compete the proposed contract modification based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. No phone inquiries will be entertained. Responses shall be made in writing by E-mail. PROGRAM BACKGROUND AND REQUIRED CAPABILITIES The Naval Air Warfare Center - Aircraft Division (NAWCAD) Procurement Group, Patuxent River, MD on behalf of the Non-destructive Inspection Branch of the Air Systems Group (ASG), announces its intention to award a sole source contract for the acquisition of a large format X-ray Computed Tomography Cabinet System. This system must be capable of scanning parts at least 36” in diameter and 96” in height with two x-ray tubes, one microfocus tube capable of up to 225kV and the other tube capable of up to 450kV. The 450kV tube will be capable of performing high resolution scans, achieving effective pixel and/or voxel sizes of 60?m or smaller at maximum voltage. The system will have a Varex 4343N digital detector array and the ability to install a second detector at a later date. The system will also include the following computers and software: an acquisition computer with acquisition software and two reconstruction/analysis computers with reconstruction and Volume Graphics VG Studio MAX analysis software. These computers will be capable of meeting the recommended software requirements to run the software as well as having the ability to swap out all the hard drives for data security reasons. The Vendor will also install the X-ray CT System on site and verify that it works as intended and meets all applicable radiation safety codes and specifications. The X-ray CT System will also come with on-site and Vendor-site training classes, all relevant warranties, and a 1-year service maintenance contract. This system will be used by the Non-destructive Inspection Branch to perform research on new materials and new manufacturing methods, be able to identify the root cause of mishaps through Engineering Investigations and determine Airworthiness/Safety of Flight. ELIGIBILITY This Market Research tool is being used to identify potential and eligible firms, of all sizes, prior to determining the method of acquisition and issuance of solicitations. The results of the Sources Sought will be utilized to determine if any Small Business opportunity exist for the sole source procurement of this X-ray Computed Tomography Cabinet System. The Product Service Code (PSC) for this requirement is 6635 Physical Properties Testing and Inspection. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 541380 Testing Laboratories and Services. All eligible parties are encouraged to respond. ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The anticipated Period of Performance for this acquisition is Two (2) years; Including Installation and Testing of the X-ray Computed Tomography Cabinet System software and hardware, accompanying training courses, and a One (1) year of system service and maintenance. The anticipated Period of Performance is open to revision prior to the finalization of this requirement. ANTICIPATED CONTRACT TYPE The contract type is anticipated to be a combination of performance-based Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) and a non-performance-based Cost-Plus-Fixed-Fee (CPFF). The anticipated contract type is open to revision prior to the finalization of this requirement. SUBMITTAL INFORMATION 1. It is requested that interested businesses submit a brief capabilities statement package to the NAWCAD Procurement Group demonstrating their capabilities in meeting the requirements outlined above. Responses will be capped at no more than ten (10) pages in length, with a page defined as a single sided 8.5" by 11" page using 1”-inch margins from each edge. Responses must be submitted in Times New Roman, font size 12. 2. All responses must include the Sources Sought Notice name/number, company name, company address, company business size, and points of contact including names and email addresses. 3. Responses shall be submitted via email to the Contract Specialist, Michael Lang at michael.j.lang92.civ@us.navy.mil. 4. Responses must be received at the email address above no later 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 29 April 2026. 5. The information shall be submitted as UNCLASSIFIED. 6. No phone calls will be accepted. 7. All questions or inquiries regarding this notice must be directed to the Contract Specialist, Michael Lang at michael.j.lang92.civ@us.navy.mil. 8. The Government may elect not to discuss submissions received in response to this Sources Sought with individual responders. There is no requirement to respond to the Sources Sought to be eligible for this acquisition. However, the Government places tremendous value on the information received and may utilize it to finalize its acquisition strategy. Respondents shall fully use this opportunity to describe proven capabilities in performing the requirement specified above. 9. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michael Lang
  - Email: michael.j.lang92.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fff9c0f0037049d3b9bbcf3f4bd4f6ad/view)