---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought For Brand Name Heating, Ventilation, And Air Conditioning Control System – Consolidated Vehicle Maintenance And Security Forces Operations Complexes At Minot Air Force Base, North Dakota
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 66d10476e454490f99c8f54a14ec1ea5
---

# Sources Sought For Brand Name Heating, Ventilation, And Air Conditioning Control System – Consolidated Vehicle Maintenance And Security Forces Operations Complexes At Minot Air Force Base, North Dakota

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 16:59:36.725-04
- Solicitation Number: W9128F26SM015

## Summary

Sources Sought For Brand Name Heating, Ventilation, And Air Conditioning Control System – Consolidated Vehicle Maintenance And Security Forces Operations Complexes At Minot Air Force Base, North Dakota DISCLAIMER: This sources sought is for informational purposes only. This is not a request for proposal (RFP). It does not constitute a solicitation and shall not be construed as a commitment by the government. Responses in any form are not offers and the government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. No funds are available to pay for preparation of responses to this announcement. Any information submitted by respondents to this technical description is strictly voluntary. INTRODUCTION The US Army Corps of Engineers, Omaha District is issuing this sources sought synopsis as a means of conducting market research to identify potential sources having an interest and industry technologies available to support/provide Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning (HVAC) controls to include Direct Digital Control (DDC), Energy Management Control System (ECMS) and Java Application Control Engine (JACE) systems. All proposed control systems must be fully compatible and interoperable with existing Johnson Controls infrastructure. HVAC control systems are required for the Consolidated Vehicle Maintenance Complex (CVMC) and Security Forces Operations Complex (SFOC) Sentinel program construction contracts at Minot Air Force Base, ND. The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of procurement. Based on the responses to this sources sought notice/market research, this requirement may include specifications regarding the HVAC control systems or, if justified by market research, a brand name Justification and Approval. USACE intends to issue one design-bid-build construction contract. The solicitation is anticipated to be full and open competition. NOTE: The Air Force is currently developing a class J&A for Brand Name HVAC control systems. Minot AFB’s 5th Civil Engineering Squadron (5CES) reaffirmed this intent requesting the use of Johnson Control systems. This is a supplementary market research effort conducted by the Army to support these specific projects. Given the high percentage of Jonhson Control systems currently on the Installation, technicians have significantly more experience and familiarization working with this brand name equipment than other manufacturers. Additionally, use of the Johnson Control systems would interface seamlessly with the existing base wide EMCS system without duplicative backbone and interface systems. The CVMC and SFOC projects are in support of the integrated Sentinel weapons system beddown at Minot AFB. The projects above vary in scope, magnitude, and complexity, but will both require installation of HVAC control systems. The proposed brand-name acquisition of Johnson Control systems was deemed necessary to avoid significant training costs and achieve mission efficiencies that are otherwise unattainable through open competition. Furthermore, it is the currently the only method enacted to ensure the required level of system integration between the new facilities. HVAC control systems will be installed as components of the larger facility construction projects. Facilities will be designed as permanent construction in accordance with the DoD Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC) 1-200-01, General Building Requirements and UFC 1-200-02, High Performance and Sustainable Building Requirements. The facilities will be compatible with applicable DoD, Air Force, and base design standards. In addition, local materials and construction techniques shall be used where cost effective. These projects will comply with DoD antiterrorism/force protection requirements per the applicable UFCs. REQUIRED CAPABILITIES The intent of this Sources Sought is to assess the state-of-the art of the technology available in the HVAC control systems that could be applied to meet this requirement. The Air Force has an approved class J&A for the HVAC Chiller System, and is currently developing a succeeding class J&A for Johnson Control brand HVAC control systems for projects on Minot AFB. The Army is interested in additional market research, to supplement the Air Force effort, and identify any potential alternate brands of HVAC control systems that may be suitable for the Air Force’s needs. Each project above will require a new HVAC control system. Estimated product cost per project for the proprietary products is $130,000 (CVMC) and $200,000 (SFOC); for a total combined product value of approximately $330,000. The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of procurement. Based on the responses to this sources sought notice, this requirement may include specifications regarding the HVAC system or, if justified by market research a brand name Justification and Approval (J&A). USACE intends to issue a design-bid-build construction contract for each project listed above. The solicitation for each project is anticipated to be full and open competition; however, market research of each project is ongoing at this time. NOTE: The Air Force has an approved Class J&A for brand name Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning Standardization. A copy of that class J&A is attached. This sources sought is being performed as part of supplementary market research conducted by the Army for HVAC control systems to support the specific projects listed above. Non-Developmental Item. The HVAC control systems must be a non-developmental item to the maximum extent possible. Qualifications. The HVAC control systems must be qualified and demonstrate compatibility with the Johnson Control brand HVAC controls, and all associated components, capable of supporting the above referenced facilities located at Minot Air Force Base, ND. Proof of qualification should be addressed in the response. Maintenance, Inspection and Repair. The Government desires a system with minimal maintenance and inspection requirements at the organizational level. The system should also be easily repairable for deployed units. Interested vendors should provide information on product warranties, repair technicians availability, and repair response times for their products. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Any resulting contract shall be compliant with the specialty metals restriction of the Berry Amendment (10 U.S.C. 2533a and 2533b) in accordance with Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation (RFO) Overhaul Part 25, Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS) Part 225, Clauses 252.225-7008 and 252.225-7009. ELIGIBILITY The anticipated NAICS code for each construction project is 236220, Commercial and Institutional Building Construction, with a Small Business Size Standard of $45M. The Product Service Code (PSC) is Y1JZ – Construction of Other Miscellaneous Buildings. Note the HVAC system will be included in each construction solicitation with the NAICS code and PSC listed above. The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 334512 – Automatic Environmental Control Manufacturing for Residential, Commercial, and Appliance Use with a Small Business Size Standard of 500 employees. The Product Service Code (PSC) is 4130 – Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Components. SUBMISSION DETAILS Interested businesses should submit a brief capabilities statement package (no more than ten

8.5 X 11-inch pages, font no smaller than 10 point) demonstrating ability to provide the products/systems listed in this Technical Description. Documentation should be in bullet format. No phone or email solicitations with regards to the status of the RFP will be accepted prior to its release. Your response to this Sources Sought, including any capabilities statement, shall be electronically submitted to the Contract Specialist, Ariel Vogan in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF), via email Ariel.E.Vogan@usace.army.mil no later than 2:00 p.m. Central Time on 22 April 2026 and reference this synopsis number in subject line of e-mail and on all enclosed documents. Information and materials submitted in response to this request WILL NOT be returned. DO NOT SUBMIT CLASSIFIED MATERIAL. If your organization has the potential capacity to provide the required products/systems, please provide the following information: 1) Organization name, address, primary points of contact (POCs) and their email address, website address, telephone number, and type of ownership for the organization; and 2) Tailored capability statements addressing the requirements of this notice, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ariel Vogan
  - Email: ariel.e.vogan@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/66d10476e454490f99c8f54a14ec1ea5/view)