---
layout: default
title: J059--Electrical Deficiencies and Breaker Repairs
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 43f693c313b1476db5843447d21a3bd4
---

# J059--Electrical Deficiencies and Breaker Repairs

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 07:18:14.701-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0414
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis Solicitation West Haven VAMC ELECTRICAL REPAIRS AND BREAKER REPLACEMENT (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number is 36C24126Q0414 and the solicitation is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). (iii) A statement that the solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-04. (iv) This requirement is being issued as a VOSB/SDVOSB set-aside. The associated NAICS 238210 and small business size standard is $16.5 million. (v) The Government intends to award a firm-fixed price award for ELECTRICAL REPAIRS AND BREAKER REPLACEMENT at West Haven VAMC. Please see the attached Performance Work Statement for full requirement details. Please complete the Price Schedule below and submit with the quote submission. (vi) The Contractor shall provide all resources necessary to provide ELECTRICAL REPAIRS AND BREAKER REPLACEMENT IAW the attached (Performance Work Statement). Please see the attached PWS for full requirement details. (vii) The Place of Performance is West Haven VAMC as described per the (Performance Work Statement). (viii) Provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial, applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the provision: 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998); 52.204-7 System for Award Management (OCT 2018); 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (JUL 2016); 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990); 852.252-70 Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference (JAN 2008) (ix) Provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Items, applies to this requirement. Site Visit: No site visit Submission of Quotes: (1) Quotes shall be received on or before the date and time specified in Section (xv) of this solicitation. Note: Offers received after the due date and time shall not be considered. (2) Offerors shall submit their quotes electronically via email to tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov. (3) Questions: Questions shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer in writing via e-mail. Oral questions are not acceptable due to the possibility of misunderstanding or misinterpretation. The cut-off date and time for receipt of questions is April14 , 2026 by 12:00 PM EST. Questions received after this date and time may not be answered. Questions shall be answered in a formal amendment to the solicitation so all interested parties can see the answers. (4) Quote Format: The submission should be clearly indexed and logically assembled in order of the evaluation criteria below. All pages of the quote shall be appropriately numbered and identified by the complete company name, date and solicitation number in the header and/or footer. Evaluation Process: Award shall be made to the best value, as determined to be the most beneficial to the Government. Please read each section below carefully for the submittals and information required as part of the evaluation. Failure to provide the requested information below shall be considered non-compliant and your quote could be removed from the evaluation process. Offeror quotes shall be evaluated under FAR Part 13.106-2(b) -- Evaluation of Quotations or Offers. Therefore, the Government is not obligated to determine a competitive range, conduct discussions with all contractors, solicit final revised quotes, and use other techniques associated with FAR Part 15. The Government shall award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation shall be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers:Â Price (Follow these instructions): Offeror shall complete Attachment 1 - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor's business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due April 17, 2026 by 10:00 AM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is Tnauri.Woodbridge@va.gov) ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base ELECTRICAL REPAIRS AND BREAKER REPLACEMENT

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ GRAND TOTAL __________________ ATTACHMENT 2 PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 STATEMENT OF WORK WEST HAVEN ELECTRICAL REPAIRS AND BREAKER REPLACEMENT VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER WEST HAVEN 950 CAMPBELL AVENUE WEST HAVEN, CT 06516 BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System completed triennial breaker testing and requires repairs, breaker replacement, maintenance and repairs to existing equipment. JUSTIFICATION VHA Directive 1028, NFPA 70E, and The Joint Commission mandate triennial testing of the electrical distribution system to determine reliability, repairs, and maintenance requirements to ensure safe and reliable service to medical centers. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The place of performance for this contract is VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven VA Medical Center located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The Contract Time Period of Performance shall be 90 days upon contract award and Notice to Proceed (NTP). QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall provide upon request, documentation of certification/training on the specific equipment under the terms of this contract. Bidders shall be evaluated on past performance, technical capability, and financial capability to perform the requirements of this work. Bidders shall submit a minimum of three (3) years of related scope and work experience with work, inspections, testing, and repair of breakers and commercial/industrial electrical distribution systems in accordance with NFPA 70E. All repairs shall be completed by approved qualified/certified laborer(s) and be qualified to perform work, inspections, testing, and repair of breakers and commercial/industrial electrical distribution systems in accordance with NFPA 70E. Service provider and/or assigned project staff members shall have industry standard certifications and qualifications to include but not limited to current OSHA 30 and OSHA 10 certification and equivalent qualifications associated with requirements herein. Service provider shall submit documentation of technical training and certifications for personnel performing all work under the terms of this contract for review and acceptance prior to the start of work on site. All parts and/or materials and supplies shall be OEM original or equivalent. The Contracting Officer (CO) and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Service Provider s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon the credentials provided. The Service Provider shall submit a project schedule, work procedures, inspection procedures, testing procedures, all safety documentation, etc. for review and approval by VA Contracting Officer Representative and Safety Office before the start of work on site. The Service Provider shall have expertise necessary to remove defective equipment from electrical cabinets, furnish and install temporary breakers, repair the defective trip units, and provide new/refurbished breakers for purchase. Bidders shall perform a mandatory pre-bid walkthrough at 8:30 a.m. on April 06, 2026, at VA Medical Center West Haven located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. Meet at Building 15 and obtain a temporary badge and complete a sign-in sheet. SCOPE OF WORK The Service Provider shall furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, supervision, and all incidentals to complete work for the services described in this document. Electrical outages shall be coordinated and planned prior to the start of any work. All shutdowns and work shall be coordinated with VA Electrical Department and FMS leadership and the facility. Work shall be coordinated Monday Friday during regular business hours for facility support. Work shall be coordinated to minimally impact the facility and may be coordinated outside of the hours of 7:00 a.m. through 4:30 p.m. Early morning and evening hours can be expected and shall be estimated prior to award based upon similar experiences and known impacts. Provide an estimated four total Saturday schedules with hours that contain 8 hours each within the window of 6:00 a.m. through 5:00 p.m. Description of Services The project will include but not be limited to the following: Service Provider shall schedule and coordinate all work with VA COR, Utilities Supervisor, and Electric Shop Supervisor. All LOTO request and procedures shall be in compliance with the VA Connecticut Healthcare System Medical Center Policy 138-075. Coordinate all placement and removal of Lock Out Tag Out devices for any energy sources with the VA COR/Maintenance & Operations. Protect all equipment in place during replacement activities. Furnish and install temporary breakers like in kind for each breaker included in this scope of work for use during replacement and repair activities. Service Provider shall furnish appropriate tools, equipment, and certified labor to perform the following repairs: Inventory, deficiency, and special instructions: G.E Model AKRU-7D-305 with serial number 0343A7631-002-009 (spare) breaker: Main contacts to not make proper contact on switchboard stabs. Breakers require a complete rebuild to correct. G.E. Model Power Vac with serial number 0342A3964-003-01 (medium voltage Tie breaker): Breaker has intermittent issues with close circuit and needs to have close coil replaced. G.E. Model Power Vac with serial number 0342A3964-001-01 (medium voltage feeder breaker ( D feed): has racking mechanism damage and bent racking arms and needs arms and mechanism replaced. G.E. model AKR-7D-100 with serial number0343A7450-001-003 (208-volt tie breaker located in LC SSB1-2A): Breaker bent racking screw and needs to be replaced. G.E. model AKR-6D-50 (I30 in LC SSB1-2B): Readjust trip solenoid. G.E. model AKRU-7D-30S (208-volt feeder breaker) breaker has faulty electronic trip unit and issues trip arm does not operate properly breaker needs rebuild and trip unit replacement. Due to original trip units are obsolete and lack of availability of new surplus factory OEM trip units. Replace the trip unit with AC Pro trip unit kit or equivalent. G.E. model AKRU-7D-30S with serial number 0376A6369-001-04 (480-volt feeder breaker): Breaker suffered a major fault on the B phase main contact breaker needs to be rebuilt and main contact(s) replaced. Square D model DS-416 with serial number 6616C32G01 (1600-amp feeder breaker): Breaker has damaged indicator flag and faulty trip unit breaker needs new flag, Current Transformers and trip unit. Due to lack of availability of new surplus factory OEM trip units. Replace the trip unit with AC Pro trip unit kit or equivalent. Service Provider shall perform all post installation and repair inspections, testing, and certification of work completed. Acceptance testing shall be witnessed by the VA COR and VA Qualified Staff. Properly dispose of all waste and materials per local and federal regulations. Clean up all debris as required. SUBMITTALS/DELIVERABLES Service provider shall furnish all submittal item documentation (with final dispositions) and final documentation report with all tests, photos, and correction of deficiencies within 14 business days following the completion of work. Service provider shall furnish all material certifications for any replacement parts used. Service provider shall furnish a waste manifest as required. Minimum warranty of one year on all parts, labor, workmanship, and equipment shall be furnished. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS Service Provider Check-in: All employees of the service provider shall comply with VA Security Management Program and obtain permission of the VA Police and restricted from unauthorized access. Upon arrival, the Service Provider shall sign-in at Building 15 in West Haven and receive a temporary identification badge prior to performing services at VA Connecticut Healthcare System. The Service Provider shall wear visible identification always displaying the name and company ID while on site. All site visits shall be coordinated with the VA COR or assigned POC. Per Directive 1805, smoking, vaping, and smokeless tobacco are prohibited on the grounds of VA facilities, including in vehicles. This Directive applies to all Service providers and their employees. No photography of VA premises is allowed without written permission of the contracting officer. Patients and staff are not to be photographed at any time. Parking for Service provider and employees shall be in designated areas only. Service provider shall coordinate with VA COR. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall hold and save the government, its officers, and agents, free and harmless from liability of any nature occasioned by the Service provider s performance. Working space and space available for storing materials shall be as determined by the COR. Workers are subject to the rules of the Medical Center applicable to their conduct. Execute work in such a manner as to reduce impacts with work being done by others. Billing: Provide COR with a report or statement of work completed and include statements with request for payment. Statement should include service completed and the date each service item was completed. Labor charges shall be billed hurly, and any unused labor totals will be credited back to the VA Medical Center on the next billing cycle, upon receipt of the service report. NARA Records Management Requirements The following standard items relate to records generated in executing this contract: Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C. Chapter 21, 29, 31, and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. The Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. The Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage, or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under or relating to this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tnauri Woodbridge
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov
  - Phone: 203-932-5711 x2892

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor"s business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due April 17, 2026 by 10:00 AM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is Tnauri.Woodbridge@va.gov) ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base ELECTRICAL REPAIRS AND BREAKER REPLACEMENT
- Attachment 2: PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 STATEMENT OF WORK WEST HAVEN ELECTRICAL REPAIRS AND BREAKER REPLACEMENT VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER WEST HAVEN 950 CAMPBELL AVENUE WEST HAVEN, CT 06516 BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System completed triennial breaker testing and requires repairs, breaker replacement, maintenance and repairs to existing equipment. JUSTIFICATION VHA Directive 1028, NFPA 70E, and The Joint Commission mandate triennial testing of the electrical distribution system to determine reliability, repairs, and maintenance requirements to ensure safe and reliable service to medical centers. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The place of performance for this contract is VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven VA Medical Center located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The Contract Time Period of Performance shall be 90 days upon contract award and Notice to Proceed (NTP). QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall provide upon request, documentation of certification/training on the specific equipment under the terms of this contract. Bidders shall be evaluated on past performance, technical capability, and financial capability to perform the requirements of this work. Bidders shall submit a minimum of three (3) years of related scope and work experience with work, inspections, testing, and repair of breakers and commercial/industrial electrical distribution systems in accordance with NFPA 70E. All repairs shall be completed by approved qualified/certified laborer(s) and be qualified to perform work, inspections, testing, and repair of breakers and commercial/industrial electrical distribution systems in accordance with NFPA 70E. Service provider and/or assigned project staff members shall have industry standard certifications and qualifications to include but not limited to current OSHA 30 and OSHA 10 certification and equivalent qualifications associated with requirements herein. Service provider shall submit documentation of technical training and certifications for personnel performing all work under the terms of this contract for review and acceptance prior to the start of work on site. All parts and/or materials and supplies shall be OEM original or equivalent. The Contracting Officer (CO) and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Service Provider s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon the credentials provided. The Service Provider shall submit a project schedule, work procedures, inspection procedures, testing procedures, all safety documentation, etc. for review and approval by VA Contracting Officer Representative and Safety Office before the start of work on site. The Service Provider shall have expertise necessary to remove defective equipment from electrical cabinets, furnish and install temporary breakers, repair the defective trip units, and provide new/refurbished breakers for purchase. Bidders shall perform a mandatory pre-bid walkthrough at 8:30 a.m. on April 06, 2026, at VA Medical Center West Haven located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. Meet at Building 15 and obtain a temporary badge and complete a sign-in sheet. SCOPE OF WORK The Service Provider shall furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, supervision, and all incidentals to complete work for the services described in this document. Electrical outages shall be coordinated and planned prior to the start of any work. All shutdowns and work shall be coordinated with VA Electrical Department and FMS leadership and the facility. Work shall be coordinated Monday Friday during regular business hours for facility support. Work shall be coordinated to minimally impact the facility and may be coordinated outside of the hours of 7:00 a.m. through 4:30 p.m. Early morning and evening hours can be expected and shall be estimated prior to award based upon similar experiences and known impacts. Provide an estimated four total Saturday schedules with hours that contain 8 hours each within the window of 6:00 a.m. through 5:00 p.m. Description of Services The project will include but not be limited to the following: Service Provider shall schedule and coordinate all work with VA COR, Utilities Supervisor, and Electric Shop Supervisor. All LOTO request and procedures shall be in compliance with the VA Connecticut Healthcare System Medical Center Policy 138-075. Coordinate all placement and removal of Lock Out Tag Out devices for any energy sources with the VA COR/Maintenance & Operations. Protect all equipment in place during replacement activities. Furnish and install temporary breakers like in kind for each breaker included in this scope of work for use during replacement and repair activities. Service Provider shall furnish appropriate tools, equipment, and certified labor to perform the following repairs: Inventory, deficiency, and special instructions: G.E Model AKRU-7D-305 with serial number 0343A7631-002-009 (spare) breaker: Main contacts to not make proper contact on switchboard stabs. Breakers require a complete rebuild to correct. G.E. Model Power Vac with serial number 0342A3964-003-01 (medium voltage Tie breaker): Breaker has intermittent issues with close circuit and needs to have close coil replaced. G.E. Model Power Vac with serial number 0342A3964-001-01 (medium voltage feeder breaker ( D feed): has racking mechanism damage and bent racking arms and needs arms and mechanism replaced. G.E. model AKR-7D-100 with serial number0343A7450-001-003 (208-volt tie breaker located in LC SSB1-2A): Breaker bent racking screw and needs to be replaced. G.E. model AKR-6D-50 (I30 in LC SSB1-2B): Readjust trip solenoid. G.E. model AKRU-7D-30S (208-volt feeder breaker) breaker has faulty electronic trip unit and issues trip arm does not operate properly breaker needs rebuild and trip unit replacement. Due to original trip units are obsolete and lack of availability of new surplus factory OEM trip units. Replace the trip unit with AC Pro trip unit kit or equivalent. G.E. model AKRU-7D-30S with serial number 0376A6369-001-04 (480-volt feeder breaker): Breaker suffered a major fault on the B phase main contact breaker needs to be rebuilt and main contact(s) replaced. Square D model DS-416 with serial number 6616C32G01 (1600-amp feeder breaker): Breaker has damaged indicator flag and faulty trip unit breaker needs new flag, Current Transformers and trip unit. Due to lack of availability of new surplus factory OEM trip units. Replace the trip unit with AC Pro trip unit kit or equivalent. Service Provider shall perform all post installation and repair inspections, testing, and certification of work completed. Acceptance testing shall be witnessed by the VA COR and VA Qualified Staff. Properly dispose of all waste and materials per local and federal regulations. Clean up all debris as required. SUBMITTALS/DELIVERABLES Service provider shall furnish all submittal item documentation (with final dispositions) and final documentation report with all tests, photos, and correction of deficiencies within 14 business days following the completion of work. Service provider shall furnish all material certifications for any replacement parts used. Service provider shall furnish a waste manifest as required. Minimum warranty of one year on all parts, labor, workmanship, and equipment shall be furnished. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS Service Provider Check-in: All employees of the service provider shall comply with VA Security Management Program and obtain permission of the VA Police and restricted from unauthorized access. Upon arrival, the Service Provider shall sign-in at Building 15 in West Haven and receive a temporary identification badge prior to performing services at VA Connecticut Healthcare System. The Service Provider shall wear visible identification always displaying the name and company ID while on site. All site visits shall be coordinated with the VA COR or assigned POC. Per Directive 1805, smoking, vaping, and smokeless tobacco are prohibited on the grounds of VA facilities, including in vehicles. This Directive applies to all Service providers and their employees. No photography of VA premises is allowed without written permission of the contracting officer. Patients and staff are not to be photographed at any time. Parking for Service provider and employees shall be in designated areas only. Service provider shall coordinate with VA COR. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall hold and save the government, its officers, and agents, free and harmless from liability of any nature occasioned by the Service provider s performance. Working space and space available for storing materials shall be as determined by the COR. Workers are subject to the rules of the Medical Center applicable to their conduct. Execute work in such a manner as to reduce impacts with work being done by others. Billing: Provide COR with a report or statement of work completed and include statements with request for payment. Statement should include service completed and the date each service item was completed. Labor charges shall be billed hurly, and any unused labor totals will be credited back to the VA Medical Center on the next billing cycle, upon receipt of the service report. NARA Records Management Requirements The following standard items relate to records generated in executing this contract: Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C. Chapter 21, 29, 31, and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. The Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. The Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage, or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under or relating to this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/43f693c313b1476db5843447d21a3bd4/view)