---
layout: default
title: Z1DZ--695-22-123 Upgrade N Campus Medium Voltage Feeders
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b6f5dd477b0b48aaa5f85714f775ce3f
---

# Z1DZ--695-22-123 Upgrade N Campus Medium Voltage Feeders

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-20 15:17:26.452-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25226B0023
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Project Number: 695-22-123 RFI Number: 36C25226B0023 Notice Type: Sources Sought / Information ONLY SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS for SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES (SDVOSB), VETERAN OWNED SMALL BUSINESS (VOSB), and SMALL BUSINESS (SB) CAPABLE OF PERFORMING ELECTRICAL AND OTHER WIRING WORK AT THE CLEMENT J. ZABLOCKI VA MEDICAL CENTER IN MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN. This is a request for information / market research to provide data for planning purposes ONLY. This sources sought synopsis DOES NOT constitute a request for proposal, invitation for bid, nor does it in any way restrict the Government to a specific acquisition approach. The Government is not obligated to and WILL NOT pay for information received in response to this announcement. The purpose of this synopsis is to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities and qualifications of members of the SDVOSB, VOSB, AND SMALL BUSINESS Communities nationwide that are qualified to perform as a prime contractor on a specialized, potential, construction contract that will perform the following: Converting the Clement J. Zablocki VA North Campus Electrical Distribution System from a Radial System to a Composite Primary Loop Radial System. Addition and replacement of select pad-mounted electrical distribution equipment and associated components. Addition and replacement of select underground medium voltage feeders and associated electrical fittings. Trenching and installation of new duct banks. Integration of kirk-key interlock system. Addition and replacement of current transducer fault indicators. Detailed project phasing, sequencing, and outage planning to mitigate impacts to buildings, medical center operations, and vehicle traffic/accessibility. Thorough utility survey services to develop and deliver a comprehensive utility survey report, recording precise geographic location and depth information (where attainable) of the North Campus Electrical Distribution System. This utility survey report shall be delivered along with the as-builts. Your responses to the information requested will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method. Only companies that have been verified by the Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE) as an SDVOSB or VOSB business and Small Business that are registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to perform work under the applicable NAICS code 238210 Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors, should submit a response to this notice. All others should NOT respond to this RFI. The Government anticipates award of a single, firm fixed price, contract with a value in the range of $5,000,000 to $10,000,000 with a period of performance of 410 days. The primary location of performance will be located at the Clement J. Zablocki VA Medical Center, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. If your company is qualified and interested, please submit a letter (maximum 10 pages) via EMAIL stating the following: Name of your company, DUNS number, address, point of contact with phone number, email address and fax number. The assigned NAICS code for this proposed procurement is 238210 Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors, size standard: $19 Million. Demonstrate that your company is registered with the System for Award Management at https://www.sam.gov/SAM/, as a SDVOSB, VOSB, or SB, under this NAICS. SDVOSB AND VOSB ONLY: Please validate that your company has been verified by the VA Center for Veteran Enterprise (CVE) as a SDVOSB (service disabled veteran owned small business) or VOSB (veteran owned small business) under NAICS code 238210 by providing a current printout of your company s listing from the Vendor Information Pages website at the following link https://www.vip.vetbiz.gov/. Provide evidence of any other socioeconomic designation your company may hold (Woman Owned, Minority Owned, etc.) in addition to your SDVOSB, VOSB, or SB classification. Provide examples of past projects of similar magnitude ($5m to $10m) and complexity by including a brief description of each project. Provide relevant project experience for the procurement and phased electrical work. The work for this project consists of replacing pad-mounted electrical distribution equipment, underground medium voltage feeders, and current transducer fault indicators. Additional work includes trenching and installation of new duct banks, integration of kirk-key interlock system, detailed project phasing and planning to mitigate outages, and utility survey services to include delivery of a utility survey report. Therefore, for each example project provided please include key staff involved from your company, customer contact names and phone numbers, and dollar values of completed project. Only provide examples of projects that your company has performed within the last five (5) years. State your company's bonding capability / capacity. Pursuant to VAAR 852.219-74 and 13 CFR 125.6, no more than 75% of the amount paid by the government to the prime may be paid to firms that are not similarly situated. Any work that a similarly situated subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the 75% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Cost of materials are excluded and not considered to be subcontracted. Please verify your ability to meet this requirement. Each response received will be reviewed by the Contracting Officer for the purpose of determining whether there exists a reasonable expectation of obtaining a sufficient number of offers from responsible SDVOSB, VOSB or SB that are capable of performing the required electrical work. All information furnished to the Government in response to this notice will be used for these market research purposes only. Responses must be submitted to this office in writing, by EMAIL to the Contracting Specialist, Dov Vysnia at Dov.Vysnia@va.gov by 5:00 PM CST on Friday, April 3, 2026. You must include the Project # and RFI # in the subject heading of your email. Regular mail and/or Facsimile responses will NOT be accepted. Telephone calls will NOT be accepted. Any questions you may have regarding this by RFI should be submitted via email to the Dov.Vysnia@va.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Dov Vysnia
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: Dov.Vysnia@va.gov
  - Phone: (414) 844-4856

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b6f5dd477b0b48aaa5f85714f775ce3f/view)