---
layout: default
title: Local Exchange Services for the Blue Grass Army Depot, KY.
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: cb0e81ba79ff4c08b54336fe2703c409
---

# Local Exchange Services for the Blue Grass Army Depot, KY.

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 11:02:56.7-04
- Solicitation Number: W91RUS26QA011

## Summary

(ii) The solicitation number is W91RUS26QA011. This solicitation is a Request for Quote (RFQ) IAW FAR Parts 12 and 13. (iii) The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06. (iv) The applicable NAICS code is 517111 and the small business size standard is less than 1500 employees. This acquisition is not set-aside for small businesses. (v) The contract line item numbers and items, quantities and unit of issue are identified on the attached Pricing Schedule. The contract scope and requirements are described in the attached Statement of Work (SOW). The Statement of Work is available under the attachments section below. (vi) This Request for Quote is for the local voice and data circuits listed in the Statement of Work for the Blue Grass Army Depot, KY. (vii) Performance Periods: Installation/Cut-Over (CLIN 0001) Base Year (CLIN 0001) (viii) Provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors - Commercial, applies to this acquisition including the following addendum: 52.212-1 Addendum (b) Submission of Offers. (13) Quotations will only be accepted from facilities-based incumbent and competitive local exchange carriers certified by the State of Kentucky to provide local exchange services. (14) Submit quotations via e-mail to the Contracting Officer not later than the response date and time specified in the announcement. (15) Submit the following with each quotation: Contracting Information (A) The Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number of the Offeror registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). (B) Proof the Offeror is a facilities-based carrier certified to provide local exchange services within the State of Kentucky. Quotations will only be accepted from facilities-based carriers certified to provide local exchange services. (ii) Pricing. Submit a completed copy of the attached price quotation spreadsheet including the Offeror's prices and all applicable taxes, fees and surcharges. Unit prices must be limited to two decimal places. Identify non-priced SLINs by entering NSP or NC in the unit price. The US Army is a Federal Government entity, and as such, is exempt from certain taxes. Offerors must identify and include the quantity and amounts of all applicable taxes, fees and surcharges on the Pricing Schedule. Quotations should not include any taxes from which the Federal Government is exempt. (ii) Technical Solution. A detailed narrative and network diagram describing the Offeror's facilities, network, and infrastructure to deliver the services in the Statement of Work to the demarcation locations. (iii) Past Performance Information. Provide information from recent contracts performed within the last three (3) years, which are considered relevant in demonstrating ability to perform local exchange services involving similar scope, magnitude of effort, and complexities as the services described in this solicitation. Include the following administrative data for each referenced contract submitted: Offeror's company name; contracting agency; contract number; brief description of contract; contract type (i.e., fixed price, time and material, etc.); period of performance, identification of any significant achievements or past problems and resolution; and name, address, telephone number, and email address of program manager and Contracting Officer. Period of Acceptance of Offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 90 days from the date specified for receipt of quotations. Multiple awards. This award shall be made on an all or none basis. Offerors must provide a quotation to provide ALL of the circuits in the Statement of Work, Appendix 10. Quotations that do not include all of the circuits required in the Statement of Work will not be considered. End of 52.212-1 Addendum (viiii) Provision 52.212-2, Evaluations, applies to this acquisition including the following addendum: Addendum to FAR 52.212-2 (a) The Government will award a firm-fixed price contract to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Price The total amount for the base year and all option years will be evaluated from the Pricing Schedule. Technical Capability - Acceptable is defined as a quotation that clearly meets the minimum requirements of the solicitation and Statement of Work. Unacceptable is defined as a quotation that does not clearly meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation and Statement of Work. Past Performance - The Government will conduct an evaluation and review of all recent past performance data obtained to determine how closely the work performed under these efforts relates to the proposed effort and how well that work was performed. The Offeror shall consider the requirements contained in FAR Clauses 52.212-1 when submitting their past performance references. Past performance shall be evaluated based on how recent, relevant and the quality of services rendered. To consider relevancy and quality the past performance evaluation will consider all aspects of an offerors' past performance. For purposes of this evaluation, recent is defined as contracts performed within the past three (3) years from the issuance date of the solicitation. This factor will be rated as Acceptable or Unacceptable. Acceptable is defined as the pass performance clearly meets the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Unacceptable is defined as the past performance does not clearly meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. (x) Offerors are encouraged to complete all Representations and Certifications electronically at the System for Award Management website located at URL https://sam.gov/ . If not completed on-line, Offerors must include a completed copy of the provisions at FAR 52.212-3, which can be obtained at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far, FAR Part 52 or online at https://sam.gov/. (xi) The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition to include the following addenda: 52.212-4 Addendum (w) Continuity of Services and Option to Extend Telecommunication Services. (1) For all services required on this contract, the contractor shall continue to provide services until a release date is established by the Government as a result of competition (cutover complete) or termination (including termination for cause or government convenience). (2) The Contractor recognizes that the services under this contract are vital to the Government and must be continued without interruption and that, before contract expiration, a successor, either the Government or another Contractor, may continue them. The Contractor agrees to - (i) Provide transitioning of services during cutover period without termination liability charges; (ii) Exercise its best efforts and cooperation to effect an orderly and efficient transition. The Contractor shall (i) Provide transitioning of services during cutover period without termination liability charges; (ii) Exercise its best efforts and cooperation to effect an orderly and efficient transition to a successor; and (iii) Notify the Government of any services not cutover after contract expiration. End of 52.212-4 Addendum (xii) Clause 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. In addition, clauses required by the FAR/DFARS/AFFARS, either by reference or full text, will also apply (clauses may be obtained via the internet at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far). 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference, Feb 1998. For purposes of this provision, the fill-in is completed as follows: https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference, Feb 1998. For purposes of this clause, the fill-in is completed as follows: https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Scot Stedman
  - Email: scot.c.stedman.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5715881762

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . Quotations that do not include all of the circuits required in the Statement of Work will not be considered. End of 52.212-1 Addendum (viiii) Provision 52.212-2, Evaluations, applies to this acquisition including the following addendum: Addendum to FAR 52.212-2 (a) The Government will award a firm-fixed price contract to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Price The total amount for the base year and all option years will be evaluated from the Pricing Schedule. Technical Capability - Acceptable is defined as a quotation that clearly meets the minimum requirements of the solicitation and Statement of Work. Unacceptable is defined as a quotation that does not clearly meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation and Statement of Work. Past Performance - The Government will conduct an evaluation and review of all recent past performance data obtained to determine how closely the work performed under these efforts relates to the proposed effort and how well that work was performed. The Offeror shall consider the requirements contained in FAR Clauses 52.212-1 when submitting their past performance references. Past performance shall be evaluated based on how recent, relevant and the quality of services rendered. To consider relevancy and quality the past performance evaluation will consider all aspects of an offerors" past performance. For purposes of this evaluation, recent is defined as contracts performed within the past three (3) years from the issuance date of the solicitation. This factor will be rated as Acceptable or Unacceptable. Acceptable is defined as the pass performance clearly meets the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Unacceptable is defined as the past performance does not clearly meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. (x) Offerors are encouraged to complete all Representations and Certifications electronically at the System for Award Management website located at URL https://sam.gov/ . If not completed on-line, Offerors must include a completed copy of the provisions at FAR 52.212-3, which can be obtained at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far, FAR Part 52 or online at https://sam.gov/. (xi) The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition to include the following addenda: 52.212-4 Addendum (w) Continuity of Services and Option to Extend Telecommunication Services. (1) For all services required on this contract, the contractor shall continue to provide services until a release date is established by the Government as a result of competition (cutover complete) or termination (including termination for cause or government convenience). (2) The Contractor recognizes that the services under this contract are vital to the Government and must be continued without interruption and that, before contract expiration, a successor, either the Government or another Contractor, may continue them. The Contractor agrees to - (i) Provide transitioning of services during cutover period without termination liability charges; (ii) Exercise its best efforts and cooperation to effect an orderly and efficient transition. The Contractor shall (i) Provide transitioning of services during cutover period without termination liability charges; (ii) Exercise its best efforts and cooperation to effect an orderly and efficient transition to a successor; and (iii) Notify the Government of any services not cutover after contract expiration. End of 52.212-4 Addendum (xii) Clause 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. In addition, clauses required by the FAR/DFARS/AFFARS, either by reference or full text, will also apply (clauses may be obtained via the internet at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far). 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference, Feb 1998. For purposes of this provision, the fill-in is completed as follows: https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference, Feb 1998. For purposes of this clause, the fill-in is completed as follows: https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cb0e81ba79ff4c08b54336fe2703c409/view)