---
layout: default
title: 15--STRUT,AIRCRAFT
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: c75e55dc4bf84a4698bb803d907c4a13
---

# 15--STRUT,AIRCRAFT

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 07:36:00.145-04
- Solicitation Number: N0038324RF345

## Summary

EVALUATION-COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEV 2026-O0028)(FEB 2026))|3|The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Govern ment, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: I. TECHNICAL EVALUATION FACTORS (i) FACTOR 1: Technical Acceptability This factor will be evaluated on a Pass/Fail (i.e., Acceptable/Unacceptable) basis. An offer mu st be rated "Acceptable" for this factor to be eligible for award. Technical acceptability is the primary evaluation factor. II. PRICE AND NON-PRICE EVALUATION FACTORS Offers that are determined to be Technically Acceptable will then be evaluated based on the fol lowing factors, in no particular order of importance: (i) FACTOR 2: Past Performance The Government will conduct a performance confidence assessment based on the offeror's demonstrated record of recent and relevant performance. (ii) FACTOR 3: Capacity/Delivery T he Government will evaluate the offeror's ability to meet the delivery schedule specified in the solicitation. (iii) FACTOR 4: Price The Government will evaluate the total proposed price for fairness and reasonableness. Best-Value Tradeoff: To determine the best value, the non-price factors of Past Performance and Capacity/Delivery, when combined, can be significantly more important than Price. ||| The purpose of this amendment is to incorporate the following changes: 1. To increase the required quantity of the item being procured based on a new, validated Government requirement. The quantity is increased by 9 units, from 10 units to 19 units. 2. Formally change the basis of this acquisition from non-commercial (FAR Part 15) to commercial (FAR Part 12) based on a formal Government determination. 3. Delete all previous clauses and incorporate FAR Part 12, "Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services" clauses into the solicitation. 4. Establish a new closing date for receipt of revised proposals, 25 MARCH 2026. \ The purpose of this amendment is to incorporate the following: 1.) PD N0038324X0760 is being deleted from this requirement. PD N0038324X0760 is for a QTY of 7. The total QTY for this requirement is being reduced by 7, from 17 to 10. The purpose of this modification is to inform the vendor(s) of the following: 1.) THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED FOR RECEIPT OF OFFERS IS EXTENDED TO 2:00 PM LOCAL TIME ON 2025 OCT 17. Award will be made to the offeror that provides the best value to the government, price and other factors considered. the purpose of this amendment is to inform the vendor(s) of the following: 1.) The total QTY has been increased by 7 units, from 10 units to 17 units. The purpose of this amendment is to communicate the following to the vendor(s): 1.) PD Number N0038324X0760 has increased by a QTY of 1 unit, from 6 units to 7 units. 2.) PD Number PSPH2440946112 has been added to this requirement. PD Number PSPH2440946112 is for a QTY of 2 units. 3.) The total QTY for the entirety of this requirement has been increased by a QTY of 3 units, from 7 units to 10 units. \ The Small Business Administration representative at NAVSUP WSS has reviewed this requirement and determined that a set-aside recommendation was not applicable for this procurement. This RFP is for a spares buy and will be using competitive procedures. Award will be made to the offeror that provides the best value to the government, price and other factors considered. Factors that will be considered are as follows: 1.Technical acceptability- PRIMARY EVALUATION FACTOR In no particular order: 2.Price 3.Capacity/Delivery 4.Past Performance Only the source(s) previously approved by the Government for this item have been solicited. The time required for approval of a new source is normally such that an award cannot be delayed pending approval of a new source. If you are not an approved source you must submit, together with your proposal, the information detailed in one of the NAVSUP Weapon Systems Support (NAVSUP WSS) Source Approval Information Brochures listed below. Spares: www.neco.navy.mil/sar.aspx, Repairs: www.neco.navy.mil/sarr.aspx. These brochures identify the technical data required to be submitted based on your company's experience in production of the same or similar item, or if this is an item you have never made. If your request for source approval is currently being evaluated at NAVSUP WSS submit with your offer a copy of the cover letter which forwarded your request for source approval. Offers received which fail to provide all data required by the Source Approval Brochure or document previous submission of all data required by the Source Approval Brochure will not be considered for award under this solicitation. Please note, if evaluation of a source approval request submitted hereunder cannot be processed in time and/or approval requirements preclude the ability to obtain subject items in time to meet Government requirements, award of the subject requirement may continue based on Fleet support needs. The NAVSUP WSS Commercial Item Identification Brochure is now available at: "https://www.neco.navy.mil/cib.aspx". Interested parties may obtain copies of Military and Federal Specifications and Standards, Qualified Products Lists (QPLs), Qualified Product Databases (QPDs), Military Handbooks, and other standardized documents from the DoD Single Stock Point (DODSSP) at Document Automation and Production Service (DAPS) in Philadelphia, PA. NOTE: Patterns, Drawings, Deviation Lists, Purchase Descriptions, etc. are NOT stocked at DODSSP. Most documents are available in Adobe PDF format from ASSIST-Online at: http://qu icksearch.dla.mil/. Users may use ASSIST-Quick Search to search for and download available documents directly using standard browser software. Documents that are not available for downloading from ASSIST-Quick Search can be ordered from the DODSSP website using the ASSIST Shopping Wizard after obtaining a DODSSP Customer Account by following the registration procedures. Users who do not have access to the internet may contact the DODSSP ASSIST Help Desk at 215-697-6396 (DSN: 442-6396), or mail their request to DLA Document Services, Bldg. 4/D, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia PA 19111-5094. Quotes may be emailed to the below email address and must be received on or before the closing date listed on page 1 of the solicitation. Jacob.r.wells1@navy.mil This contract/delivery order/purchase order/modification is issued by the Government when deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile or sent by any electronic commerce method, including email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to issue this contract/delivery order/purchase order/modification. \

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2156971227
  - Email: JACOB.R.WELLS14.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c75e55dc4bf84a4698bb803d907c4a13/view)