---
layout: default
title: Greenhouse for Army’s Endangered Species Act requirements
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 6a1c5d0788324dbb810275a0bedfc8f4
---

# Greenhouse for Army’s Endangered Species Act requirements

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 17:10:35.855-04
- Solicitation Number: DACA845260002100

## Summary

The Honolulu District, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) is soliciting lease proposals for altitude at least 2,000 feet above sea level, have at least 3,000 square feet of greenhouse space, have at least 2,000 square feet of warehouse space, have at least 2,000 square feet of outdoor growing space, road access to site., and shared use of approx. 5000 sq ft of helicopter landing zone. The U.S. Government, by and through USACE, currently occupies greenhouse space, on Oahu, Hawaii. The lease term is four (4) years eleven (11) months with Government termination rights, and will be a full-service lease (to include all utilities and janitorial services). The Government requests Space on Oahu, Hawaii If awarded to a new location, this office would be relocated immediately upon completion of construction to accommodate all requirements pertaining to the Construction Specifications with the lease start date commencing upon acceptance of space by the government. Space Minimum requirements include: 1. 24-hour unrestricted access to Leased space; road access to site 2. Availability of helicopter landing zone; road access to site 3. Altitude at least 2,000 feet above sea level, have at least 3,000 square feet of greenhouse space, have at least 2,000 square feet of warehouse space, have at least 2,000 square feet of outdoor growing space, road access to site. 4. Reliable adequate water source or water catchment facility. Electrical power at site. Electronic Offer Submission: Offers must be submitted electronically via email to: Carrieann.H.Chee@usace.army.mil OR Chantal.G.Reininger@usace.army.mil Offers are due on or before: March 31, 2026. Any questions regarding this solicitation may be directed to Primary or Secondary Points of Contact listed in the “Contact Information” section of this notice. To be responsive, your offer should be based on all the terms, conditions, and responsibilities expressed throughout the RLP and Lease. Please review the RLP and all attachments carefully paying particular attention to the solicitation requirements. The requirements for consideration of award will entail a complete bid that consists of the following criteria at a minimum: (Note: There may be other required forms. Refer to the enclosed RLP for details.): Initialed acceptance and use of government Lease indicating that you understand the Government’s terms and requirements. (Exhibit A) 2. Competitive rates of base cost per square feet for annual rent and a breakout of operating expenses, Real Estate Taxes, and Janitorial service costs and Utilities. 3. All costs and materials affiliated to meet the requirements of the construction specifications including all safety and security enhancements will be considered Tenant Improvements with no reimbursement from the government upon completion of the construction or through amortization within the Lease Do not attempt to complete the Lease form. Neither the RLP nor any other part of an Offeror’s proposal shall be part of the Lease except to the extent expressly incorporated therein. Please review all the documents thoroughly so that you have a complete understanding of the Government’s requirements. After receipt of all proposals, conclusions of any discussions, and receipt of best and final offers, the Government will select a location based on the lowest overall cost and technical requirements specified in the enclosed RLP. Past performance, if applicable, will also be taken into consideration. The selection is expected to occur approximately thirty (30) days following the initial proposal response date. A Government market survey, appraisal, or value estimate will be conducted to determine fair market rental value. One item of note in the General Clauses, GSA Form 3517B document is the requirement to register in the System for Award Management at www.SAM.gov (General Clause 17, CFR 52.204-7). This registration is mandatory for any entity wishing to do business with the Government and must be completed before lease award. NOTICE: The following information is provided for situational awareness and is not required to respond to this Sources Sought. All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (www.SAM.gov) prior to award of a contract. All proposed contractors are highly encouraged to review FAR Clause 52.232-33 Payments by Electronic Funds Transfer – System for Award Management, which indicates “All payments by the Government under this contract shall be made by electronic funds transfer (EFT).” Those not currently registered can obtain registration by going to the website http://www.SAM.gov. The process can usually be completed from 24 to 48 hours after submission. Contractors will need to obtain a Unique Entity Identifier (formerly DUNS number) for processing their registration. If you do not already have a Unique Entity Identifier, one can be obtained from http://www.SAM.gov. Refer to www.SAM.gov for information formerly found in CCR, EPLS, ORCA and FedReg. Please begin the registration process immediately in order to avoid delay of the contract award should your firm be selected. ALERT: You must submit a notarized letter appointing the authorized Entity Administrator before your registration will be activated. This requirement now applies to both new and existing entities. Effective 29 April 2018, the notarized letter process is now mandatory on all CURRENT registrants at SAM who have a requirement to update data on their SAM record. The notarized letter is mandatory and is required before the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) will activate the entity's registration. Effective 29 June 2018, vendors creating or updating their registration can have their registration activated prior to the approval of the required notarized letter. However, the signed copy of the notarized letter must be sent to the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) within 30 days of activation or the vendor risks no longer being active in SAM. Vendors can check whether an account is active by performing a query by their CAGE or Unique Entity Identifier (formerly DUNS number). The new registration process may now take several weeks, so vendors are highly encouraged to begin registering as soon as possible to avoid any possible delays in future contract awards. Remember, there is no cost to use SAM. To find out additional information about the changes of the SAM registration process, contractors should visit the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) link located at the top of the SAM homepage (www.sam.gov). Funds may or may not be presently available for this effort. No award will be made under this solicitation until funds are available. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date for receipt of proposals. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse offeror(s) for any cost.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Carrie-Ann Chee
  - Email: Carrieann.H.Chee@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 8088354066
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Chantal Reininger
  - Email: Chantal.G.Reininger@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 8088354372

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: 2. Competitive rates of base cost per square feet for annual rent and a breakout of operating expenses, Real Estate Taxes, and Janitorial service costs and Utilities. 3. All costs and materials affiliated to meet the requirements of the construction specifications including all safety and security enhancements will be considered Tenant Improvements with no reimbursement from the government upon completion of the construction or through amortization within the Lease Do not attempt to complete the Lease form. Neither the RLP nor any other part of an Offeror’s proposal shall be part of the Lease except to the extent expressly incorporated therein. Please review all the documents thoroughly so that you have a complete understanding of the Government’s requirements. After receipt of all proposals, conclusions of any discussions, and receipt of best and final offers, the Government will select a location based on the lowest overall cost and technical requirements specified in the enclosed RLP. Past performance, if applicable, will also be taken into consideration. The selection is expected to occur approximately thirty (30) days following the initial proposal response date. A Government market survey, appraisal, or value estimate will be conducted to determine fair market rental value. One item of note in the General Clauses, GSA Form 3517B document is the requirement to register in the System for Award Management at www.SAM.gov (General Clause 17, CFR 52.204-7). This registration is mandatory for any entity wishing to do business with the Government and must be completed before lease award. NOTICE: The following information is provided for situational awareness and is not required to respond to this Sources Sought. All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (www.SAM.gov) prior to award of a contract. All proposed contractors are highly encouraged to review FAR Clause 52.232-33 Payments by Electronic Funds Transfer – System for Award Management, which indicates “All payments by the Government under this contract shall be made by electronic funds transfer (EFT).” Those not currently registered can obtain registration by going to the website http://www.SAM.gov. The process can usually be completed from 24 to 48 hours after submission. Contractors will need to obtain a Unique Entity Identifier (formerly DUNS number) for processing their registration. If you do not already have a Unique Entity Identifier, one can be obtained from http://www.SAM.gov. Refer to www.SAM.gov for information formerly found in CCR, EPLS, ORCA and FedReg. Please begin the registration process immediately in order to avoid delay of the contract award should your firm be selected. ALERT: You must submit a notarized letter appointing the authorized Entity Administrator before your registration will be activated. This requirement now applies to both new and existing entities. Effective 29 April 2018, the notarized letter process is now mandatory on all CURRENT registrants at SAM who have a requirement to update data on their SAM record. The notarized letter is mandatory and is required before the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) will activate the entity"s registration. Effective 29 June 2018, vendors creating or updating their registration can have their registration activated prior to the approval of the required notarized letter. However, the signed copy of the notarized letter must be sent to the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) within 30 days of activation or the vendor risks no longer being active in SAM. Vendors can check whether an account is active by performing a query by their CAGE or Unique Entity Identifier (formerly DUNS number). The new registration process may now take several weeks, so vendors are highly encouraged to begin registering as soon as possible to avoid any possible delays in future contract awards. Remember, there is no cost to use SAM. To find out additional information about the changes of the SAM registration process, contractors should visit the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) link located at the top of the SAM homepage (www.sam.gov). Funds may or may not be presently available for this effort. No award will be made under this solicitation until funds are available. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date for receipt of proposals. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse offeror(s) for any cost

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6a1c5d0788324dbb810275a0bedfc8f4/view)