---
layout: default
title: Amendment 01: Replace Underground Storage Tank (UST) at Launch Facility (LF) D-02 (Banner County, NE)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 209789aeb1be484aa5c1bf2d4ee2e6da
---

# Amendment 01: Replace Underground Storage Tank (UST) at Launch Facility (LF) D-02 (Banner County, NE)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-16 16:41:36.862-04
- Solicitation Number: FA461326R0002

## Summary

This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for simplified acquisition of a commercial construction requirement. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation/notice, responses/proposals are being requested, and further written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation will be solicited as a 100% Woman Owned Small Business Set-Aside (WOSB) on SAM.gov. SBA certification or authorized third party certification as a WOSB is required as proof. The 90th Contracting Squadron is issuing this requirement under FAR Part 12 Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and FAR Part 36 Construction and Architect and Engineer Contracts. The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed-Price contract. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01 published 13 March 2026, and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) published 10 November 2025. Revolutionary FAR Overhaul is constantly changing, reference https://acquisition.gov/far-overhaul for most up to date information. Proposals must be complete, self-sufficient, and respond directly to the requirements of this solicitation. It shall demonstrate the ability to provide the required services in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW). 1. Refer to Attachment 1 Statement of Work (SOW) dated 03 April 2026 to the above project to include all contract materials and workmanship to be supplied and performed in accordance with existing contract standards, codes, practices and specifications. Refer to Attachment 3 AF Form 66 for submittals. 2. Company shall be registered in SAM.gov and fit the small business size standard of the solicited NAICS. Awardee shall be registered in SAM, no active exclusions, no Termination for Causes in the past six months and acceptable supplier risk profile in SPRS module. A score in the NIST SP 800-171 (if below 110 a plan of improvement is required with proposal) or Level 2 in CMMC of SPRS is required to obtain the Attachment 2 CUI Drawings. Please fill out Attachment 2 MFR CUI Control & Receipt to have your assessment score checked and if compliant, obtain the necessary CUI Map Layout to fully understand the scope of the project. See Attachments 2a and 2b for assistance with the NIST SP 800-171 process. 3. The site visit has been set for Thursday, 28 May 2026 at 9:00 am MT. Meet at Gat 2 Parking Lot, off of Missile Dr., outside of F.E. Warren AFB, WY to caravan to the site. Personnel wishing to attend will need to provide their Driver's License image (front side) to be put on an Entry Authorization List (EAL) as the site to be visited is secure. Please submit the images of the Drivers Licenses of those wishing to attend to megan.evans.3@us.af.mil by 3:00 pm MT, Wednesday, 22 April 2026. If a DoD SAFE Link is preferred to submit imaging, please reach out to megan.evans.3@us.af.mil to obtain that link. Those who do not submit a Driver's License image by the deadline will not be able to attend the Site Visit and will be turned away. 4. Questions are due to 90 CONS by 11:00 am MT, Friday, 29 May 2026. Submit questions via email only to Ms. Megan Evans at megan.evans.3@us.af.mil and Ms. Liezel McIntyre at liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil. 5. The Davis Bacon Act Wage Determination applies, classification for this project is "HEAVY", refer to Attachment 5 Wage Determination for NE20260044 published 2 Jan 2026. 6. A Bid Guarantee is required, please submit Attachment 6 SF 24 Bid Bond Form, along with your proposal. The amount of bid guarantee shall be 20% or $2M, whichever is less. 7. The magnitude for this requirement is between $500,000 and $1,000,000. If the Contractor fails to complete the work within the time specified in the contract, the Contractor shall pay liquidated damages to the Government in the amount of $736.25 for each calendar day of delay until the work is completed or accepted in accordance with FAR 52.211-12 Liquidated Damages-Construction. Bonding: The contractor shall provide bonding IAW FAR

28.102 Performance and Payment Bonds and Alternative Payment Protections for Construction Contracts. 8. This solicitation, along with Attachment 4 Cost Estimate Breakdown, is also to be submitted with the proposal. Highlight breakdown of materials and labors per each division applicable. 9. Submit proposal to this RFP no later than 11:00 am MT on Wednesday, 10 June 2026 by emailing proposals to megan.evans.3@us.af.mil and liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil. Solicitation responses shall be sent via electronic means only (emailed only; mailed, hand-carried or faxed proposal shall not be accepted). Offers shall have a valid date of 60 calendar days from day of proposal receipt. Late offers shall not be accepted once solicitation has ended. 10. Your proposal shall include acknowledgement/signature of page 1 of the solicitation and corresponding amendments. Include WOSB Certification (signed by SBA or authorized third party), and if NIST SP Score is less than 110, include a plan of action to attain 110 basic assessment score, as part of your proposal. Amend 01: The purpose of this amendment is to: 1. Offer Site Visit on Thursday, 28 May 2026 at 9:00 am MST. Meet at Gat 2 Parking Lot, off of Missile Dr., outside of F.E. Warren AFB, WY to caravan to the site. Personnel wishing to attend will need to provide their Driver's License image (front side) to be put on an Entry Authorization List (EAL) as the site to be visited is secure. Please submit the images of the Drivers Licenses of those wishing to attend to megan.evans.3@us.af.mil by 3:00 pm MST, Wednesday, 22 April 2026. If a DoD SAFE Link is preferred to submit imaging, please reach out to megan.evans.3@us.af.mil to obtain that link. Those who do not submit a Driver's License image by the deadline will not be able to attend the Site Visit and will be turned away. 2. Questions are due Friday, 29 May 2026 at 11:00 am MST. 3. Proposals are due Wednesday, 10 June 2026 at 11:00 am MST.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Megan Evans
  - Email: megan.evans.3@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077736645
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Liezel McIntyre
  - Email: liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077733411

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Statement of Work (SOW) dated 03 April 2026 to the above project to include all contract materials and workmanship to be supplied and performed in accordance with existing contract standards, codes, practices and specifications. Refer to Attachment 3 AF Form 66 for submittals. 2. Company shall be registered in SAM.gov and fit the small business size standard of the solicited NAICS. Awardee shall be registered in SAM, no active exclusions, no Termination for Causes in the past six months and acceptable supplier risk profile in SPRS module. A score in the NIST SP 800-171 (if below 110 a plan of improvement is required with proposal) or Level 2 in CMMC of SPRS is required to obtain the Attachment 2 CUI Drawings. Please fill out Attachment 2 MFR CUI Control & Receipt to have your assessment score checked and if compliant, obtain the necessary CUI Map Layout to fully understand the scope of the project. See Attachments 2a and 2b for assistance with the NIST SP 800-171 process. 3. The site visit has been set for Thursday, 28 May 2026 at 9:00 am MT. Meet at Gat 2 Parking Lot, off of Missile Dr., outside of F.E. Warren AFB, WY to caravan to the site. Personnel wishing to attend will need to provide their Driver"s License image (front side) to be put on an Entry Authorization List (EAL) as the site to be visited is secure. Please submit the images of the Drivers Licenses of those wishing to attend to megan.evans.3@us.af.mil by 3:00 pm MT, Wednesday, 22 April 2026. If a DoD SAFE Link is preferred to submit imaging, please reach out to megan.evans.3@us.af.mil to obtain that link. Those who do not submit a Driver"s License image by the deadline will not be able to attend the Site Visit and will be turned away. 4. Questions are due to 90 CONS by 11:00 am MT, Friday, 29 May 2026. Submit questions via email only to Ms. Megan Evans at megan.evans.3@us.af.mil and Ms. Liezel McIntyre at liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil. 5. The Davis Bacon Act Wage Determination applies, classification for this project is "HEAVY", refer to Attachment 5 Wage Determination for NE20260044 published 2 Jan 2026. 6. A Bid Guarantee is required, please submit Attachment 6 SF 24 Bid Bond Form, along with your proposal. The amount of bid guarantee shall be 20% or $2M, whichever is less. 7. The magnitude for this requirement is between $500,000 and $1,000,000. If the Contractor fails to complete the work within the time specified in the contract, the Contractor shall pay liquidated damages to the Government in the amount of $736.25 for each calendar day of delay until the work is completed or accepted in accordance with FAR 52.211-12 Liquidated Damages-Construction. Bonding: The contractor shall provide bonding IAW FAR
- Attachment 2: Cost Estimate Breakdown, is also to be submitted with the proposal. Highlight breakdown of materials and labors per each division applicable. 9. Submit proposal to this RFP no later than 11:00 am MT on Wednesday, 10 June 2026 by emailing proposals to megan.evans.3@us.af.mil and liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil. Solicitation responses shall be sent via electronic means only (emailed only; mailed, hand-carried or faxed proposal shall not be accepted). Offers shall have a valid date of 60 calendar days from day of proposal receipt. Late offers shall not be accepted once solicitation has ended. 10. Your proposal shall include acknowledgement/signature of page 1 of the solicitation and corresponding amendments. Include WOSB Certification (signed by SBA or authorized third party), and if NIST SP Score is less than 110, include a plan of action to attain 110 basic assessment score, as part of your proposal. Amend 01: The purpose of this amendment is to: 1. Offer Site Visit on Thursday, 28 May 2026 at 9:00 am MST. Meet at Gat 2 Parking Lot, off of Missile Dr., outside of F.E. Warren AFB, WY to caravan to the site. Personnel wishing to attend will need to provide their Driver"s License image (front side) to be put on an Entry Authorization List (EAL) as the site to be visited is secure. Please submit the images of the Drivers Licenses of those wishing to attend to megan.evans.3@us.af.mil by 3:00 pm MST, Wednesday, 22 April 2026. If a DoD SAFE Link is preferred to submit imaging, please reach out to megan.evans.3@us.af.mil to obtain that link. Those who do not submit a Driver"s License image by the deadline will not be able to attend the Site Visit and will be turned away. 2. Questions are due Friday, 29 May 2026 at 11:00 am MST. 3. Proposals are due Wednesday, 10 June 2026 at 11:00 am MST

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/209789aeb1be484aa5c1bf2d4ee2e6da/view)