---
layout: default
title: R499-- ITAM Program Management Support (VA-26-00042922)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 2a98f5aecb604948ad337fbaad9d4ebf
---

# R499-- ITAM Program Management Support (VA-26-00042922)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 15:50:28.212-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10B26Q0278
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Information Technology Asset Management (ITAM) Program Management Support REQUEST FOR INFORMATION Introduction: This is a Request for Information (RFI) issued for conducting market research. This RFI constitutes neither a Request for Quote (RFQ), Request for Proposal (RFP), nor a guarantee that one will be issued by the Government in the future; furthermore, it does not commit the Government to a contract for any services described herein. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is not, at this time, seeking proposals or quotes, and therefore, will not accept, review, or evaluate unsolicited proposals or quotes received in response hereto. This notice is not to be construed as a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract, nor does the Government intend to pay for any information submitted because of this request. The Government does not reimburse respondents for any costs associated with submission of the information being requested or reimburse expenses incurred for responses to this RFI. The information provided may be used by VA in developing its acquisition strategy and Performance Work Statement (PWS) or Product Description (PD). Any information submitted by respondents to this RFI is strictly voluntary; however, any information received shall become the property of the Government and will not be returned to the respondent. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted, or competition sensitive information contained in their response. This is a request for information and does not obligate the Government in any way, nor does it commit the Government to any specific course of action. Product information, brochures, part numbers, and/or other description information may be included with the submission. Requirements: The Office of Information & Technology (OIT) serves the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) as a Veteran-centric provider of secure and cost-effective technology services. OIT collaborates with its business partners to create the best experience for all Veterans by endeavoring to provide seamless and unified Veteran experience via state-of-the-art information technology (IT) solutions and service delivery. Within OIT, End User Services (EUS) provides enterprise-level infrastructure engineering, system implementation, production operations, and IT service management. EUS is responsible for the design, testing, deployment, and sustainment of platforms and supporting infrastructure. EUS is OIT s main service line with more than 3,500 IT professionals across the United States and its territories comprising of two main divisions, End User Operations (EUO) and Enterprise Command Operations (ECO). Currently, VA is experiencing massive growth, in large part as a response to the Sergeant First Class Heath Robinson Promise to Address Comprehensive Toxics (PACT) Act of 2022 and anticipates significant expansion of its customer base over the next several years. To support this increased need for its services, OIT needs to scale its mission to modernize and standardize information technology services and support across the VA enterprise. To effectively scale and sustain its mission in alignment with the growing demands of the VA enterprise, EUO must enhance and formalize its Information Technology Asset Management (ITAM) capabilities. ITAM is a critical function that ensures the accountability, lifecycle management, and strategic utilization of VA s vast inventory of endpoint devices and IT infrastructure. In response to the increasing volume and complexity of assets driven by expanded service delivery under the PACT Act and ongoing modernization efforts EUO is in the initial stages of building a centralized ITAM program that will serve as the authoritative ITAM office for the entire Department of Veterans Affairs. This foundational effort requires dedicated program management support to establish governance structures, standardize processes, coordinate activities across geographically dispersed teams, and ensure compliance with federal regulations and VA policies. Program management support will be instrumental in shaping the program s strategic direction, driving operational efficiency, and enabling enterprise-wide visibility and control over IT assets, ultimately contributing to a more resilient and responsive IT environment for VA staff and Veterans. The period of performance is comprised of a 12-month base period, two 12-month options periods. The option periods are required for continued support services. VA seeks to identify competitive IT support services and strategies that could be implemented to assist EUS in achieving its mission of serving Veterans and the public by delivering effective technical and programmatic support to the EUO ITAM program. VA desires identification of enterprise proven alternate products that have been demonstrated to operate at a similar level of size, scope, and complexity of the current VA environment. Questions per Key Functional Area: Describe your organization s experience supporting large scale, enterprise IT Asset Management (ITAM) programs, particularly within federal agencies. What experience do you have implementing or supporting ITAM programs aligned with CMMI Level 3 practices? Provide examples of past performance delivering program management, strategic planning, governance, and policy development in a federal environment. Specifically, for an ITAM Program. What tools and methodologies do you use to manage scope, schedule, cost, quality, and risk for complex IT programs? Describe your experience conducting ITAM process optimization, including workflow analysis, Lean Six Sigma, or value stream mapping. What methods do you use to assess and improve asset lifecycle processes (e.g., asset sprawl, underutilization, data quality)? Provide examples of developing strategic roadmaps for Hardware Asset Management (HAM) and Software Asset Management (SAM). Describe your experience evaluating or implementing advanced ITAM technologies, such as AI driven discovery, predictive analytics, or digital twins. What tools or platforms does your organization typically use for enterprise asset discovery, inventory accuracy, and compliance reporting? Describe your experience developing governance frameworks, RACIs, and policy documentation aligned to federal laws such as FITARA, FISMA, and NIST standards. How does your organization support audit readiness and compliance with federal cybersecurity and privacy requirements? Please submit a response to each question below regarding your company. Responses should be no longer than 4 pages. Include the following identification information: Name of Company Address Point of Contact Phone Number Fax Number Email address CAGE Number Company Business Size and Status for NAICS (enter in current NAICS code for requirement) NAICS code(s) Any Schedules held on General Services Administration (GSA), Government-Wide Acquisition Contracts (GWAC) held on SAM.gov or any other schedule not mentioned above to assist in determining acquisition strategy if you are included in one or more. Please also include Contract Number, expiration date, etc. Socioeconomic data: If you are a small business, what type of small business are you? Are you able to comply with FAR 52.219-6 and 52.219-14 in execution of this effort? Are you able to comply with VAAR 852.219-10, VA Notice of Total Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside and with subcontracting limitations in 13 CFR 125.6 in execution of this effort? Responses: Responses are due no later than March 26, 2026, at 3:00PM EST via the General Services Administration (GSA) or SAM.gov portals. Mark your response as Proprietary Information if the information is considered business sensitive. Or provide your response no later than March 26, 2026, at 3:00PM EST to kalil.oneal@va.gov. Post RFI Phase Based on market research results, the RFP/RFQ may be made available on GSA and /or SAM.gov. It is the responsibility of interested parties to regularly monitor the SAM.gov for updates. The government will not provide hard copies of the solicitation once issued. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring the website and downloading the solicitation, its attachments, and any amendments from the internet site identified above when/if issued. All information regarding the procurement is provided herein, and no additional information shall be provided at this time.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kalil O'Neal
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: kalil.oneal@va.gov
  - Phone: 848-377-5261

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2a98f5aecb604948ad337fbaad9d4ebf/view)