---
layout: default
title: J073--Veteran Canteen Equipment Preventative Maintenance and Service Contract
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: f02fd2a07f1a4796bc1713b6387e6f94
---

# J073--Veteran Canteen Equipment Preventative Maintenance and Service Contract

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 08:39:10.466-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0450
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in FAR 12.603, as supplemented by the current Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC 2026 01) and the Department of Veterans Affairs Acquisition Regulation (VAAR). This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This acquisition is 100% set aside for verified SDVOSBs in accordance with VAAR 852.219 73. Offerors must be listed as Verified in the SBA Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) database both at the time of quote submission and at the time of award. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 811310, with a small business size standard of $12.5 million. The FSC/PSC is J073. The Department of Veterans Affairs, VA Connecticut Healthcare System (VACHS) requires comprehensive preventive maintenance, inspection, corrective service, and emergency repair for Veterans Canteen Service (VSC) equipment located at the West Haven and Newington campuses as outlined in the following Statement of Work: STATEMENT OF WORK VETERANS CANTEEN SERVICE EQUIPMENT PREVENTATIVE MAINTENANCE & SERVICE VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER WEST HAVEN 950 CAMPBELL AVENUE WEST HAVEN, CT 06516 BACKGROUND To maintain safe and efficient inpatient Food Service operations, Veteran Canteen Service (VCS) VA Connecticut requires regular equipment inspection, preventative maintenance, regular maintenance, and emergency repair services. Given that much of this equipment is specialized, this work must be performed by an authorized commercial vendor. This scope of work is to provide details related to a service contract to support this necessary work. JUSTIFICATION To meet FDA Food code, Serve Safe and VA National and employee safety requirements, VCS equipment is required to function per the manufacturer s instructions. Given the complexity, expense and specificity of Food Service Operations equipment, any service agreement must include preventative maintenance to avoid costly and avoidable replacement. Preventative maintenance also minimizes the need for costly service and emergency calls. Specifically, the VHA Directive 1608 Comprehensive Environment of care program, and VHA Directive 1439 Food Service Management states that the equipment and components must be inspected, and maintained regularly to meet the facility efficiency, environmental and food safety requirements. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The place of performance for this contract is VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven VA Medical Center located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516 and Newington VA Medical Center located at 555 Willard Avenue; Newington, CT 06111. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Base contract period shall be 06/01/2026 05/31/2027. The contract will also contain the provision for four (4) option years: Option Year 1: 06/01/2027 05/31/2028 Option Year 2: 06/01/2028 05/31/2029 Option Year 3: 06/01/2029 05/31/2030 Option Year 4: 06/01/2030 05/31/2031 QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall have a field service representative located within 200 miles of the West Haven and Newington campuses of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System and have been trained by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) on the specific model of equipment that he/she is being asked to provide services for. Bidders must provide upon request documentation of factory certified service/maintenance training on the specific equipment under the terms of this contract. The Contracting Officer and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Contractor s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon credentials provided. The contractor shall maintain sufficient stock of parts needed for repair and maintenance of the equipment or be able to secure parts within twenty-four (24) hours. All parts used shall be new OEM parts only. Reverse engineered and/or refurbished parts shall not be utilized under the terms of this contract without explicit permission, in writing, from the Contracting Officer. SCOPE OF WORK This contract includes full maintenance for the equipment listed in the drawings and accompanying charts or lists, consisting of scheduled preventive maintenance (PM), inspections and periodic testing, corrective call back service for operational problems not successfully preempted by PM, corrective service for problems identified during inspections, and 12-hour 5-day per week call back support with supported after-hours emergency services. The contractor shall provide all resources required in performing these maintenance services and inspections, including parts, materials, lubricants, fluids, cleaning fluids, equipment, tools, shipping, travel, and labor. The contractor is responsible for determining the nature and extent of any work required restoring equipment to satisfactory condition and operation, as determined by Veteran Affairs Healthcare Facility Management and Veteran Canteen Service. All equipment operations, tests, maintenance, alterations, and repairs performed under this contract shall comply and be in accordance with manufacturer guidelines and/or the following industry standards, as applicable, whichever is more stringent. The vendor shall provide on-call services that shall include labor costs and unlimited service calls. The vendor shall be able to respond to issues within six (6) hours from 6:00am-6:00pm, Monday- Friday, excluding Federal Holidays: New Year's Day Martin Luther King Day Presidents' Day Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans' Day Thanksgiving Day Christmas Day The vendor will conduct a thorough minimum annual inspection and shall provide to Veteran Canteen Service and COR a detailed quote to include parts, labor cost supply minor parts and materials as needed for necessary upgrades, replacement, and repairs. During each visit the vendor shall perform inspection of the equipment, components, and filters, and must provide, to Veteran Canteen Service and COR, with a complete inspection report within seven (7) business days. Immediate found emergent repairs shall be identified and presented to Veteran Canteen Service and COR within 24-hours of completing the inspection with the sole purpose of correcting emergent repairs. Monitoring should include, but not limited to filter cartridge, repair parts, temperature monitoring. The vendor shall provide action and services to ensure and correct any issue from the inspection/monitoring that is out of spec for the requirement according to the service contract. See the attached drawings below. Each drawing is a partial floor layout per facility location. West Haven Canteen Services VCS Cafeteria/Kitchen-B-2, 1st floor VCS Canteen Store-B-2, 1st floor VCS Starbucks-B-2, 1st floor Newington Canteen Services: VCS Cafeteria/Kitchen/Canteen Store- B-2E, Basement level West Haven: VCS Cafeteria/Kitchen West Haven: VCS Canteen Store Inventory Reference True Double Door Viewable Refrigerator Bottle Drink Station (Pepsi & cans) Model: GDM-47RL True Double Door Viewable Refrigerator Bottle Drink Station (Coke & water) Model: GDM-47RL Oasis Cool Storage Packaged Food Station w/Security Door Model: B3632 West Haven: VCS Starbucks Inventory Reference Structural Concepts Simply To Go Warming Station Manitowoc Ice Maker True Single Prep Station Cabinet Model: TWT-36 Oasis Pastry Display Serving Station West Haven VCS Cafeteria/Kitchen Inventory ITEM DESIGNATION MODEL 1 Ecolab Dish washer APEX TSC 2 State Industries Electric Storage Tank Water Heater EN6-40-DORS 110 3 True Refrigerator TS-49 4 Vulcan-Hart Cooktop Stove EV36S-6FP480 5 Alto-Shaam Baking Oven CTC7-20E 6 Doyon Baking Oven JAOP6 7 Hoshizaki Ice Maker KM-340MAH 8 (2) Alto-Shaam Warmer Ovens Â 9 True Single Door Viewable Refrigerator GDM-26-HC-TSL01 10 Wells Serving Station HT300AF 11 Wells Serving Station HT300AF 12 True Single Prep Station Cabinet TSSU-36-12M-B 13 Keating Grilling Station GE35133 14 Frymaster Frying Station FMRE117-2CSC 15 Wells Serving Station HT500AF 16 True Freezer TS-49F 17 True Single Prep Station Cabinet TSSU-27-08-HC 18 True Freezer TS-49F 19 True Triple Prep Station Cabinet TWT-72 20 True Double Door Viewable Refrigerator GDM-45 21 True Refrigerator TS-49 22 True Refrigerator TS-49 23 True Single Door Freezer STG1RRI-1S 24 American Foodservice Sandwich Making Station Â 25 Wells Serving Station (Sushi/Soups) 5S10ULTD 26 Structural Concepts Simply To Go Warming Station Â 27 (2) Fetco Coffee Brewer CBS-2052e 28 Hoshizaki Ice Maker (soft drink station) KMD-850MAH 29 True Double Door Viewable Refrigerator Bottle Drink Station GDM-47 30 Oasis Cool Storage Simply To Go Packaged Food Station w/Security Door B7132 Newington: VCS Cafeteria/Kitchen/Canteen Store Newington VCS Cafeteria/Kitchen/Canteen Store Inventory ITEM DESIGNATION MODEL 1 True Double Door Viewable Refrigerator Bottle Drink Station GDM-47RL-LD 2 Hoshizaki Ice Maker (soft drink station) Â 3 Fetco Coffee Brewer Â 4 Oasis Cool Storage Simply To Go Packaged Food Station w/Security Door B7132 5 Wells Serving Station Â 6 Alto-Shaam Baking Oven Double Â 7 Alto-Shaam Baking Oven Counter Mounted 1000-TH/II 8 Vulcan-Hart Baking Oven Counter Mounted C24EO3 9 Alto-Shaam Baking Oven Counter Mounted CTC7-20E 10 Vulcan-Hart Cooktop Stove Â 11 Keating Grilling Station Â 12 Frymaster Frying Station FMEL117C 13 True Single Prep Station Cabinet TUC-27F-LP-HC 14 True Refrigerator TS-49 15 True Refrigerator TS-49 16 True Freezer TS-49F 17 True Single Door Freezer T-19F 18 True Refrigerator T-49DT 19 True Freezer T-49F 20 True Refrigerator TS-49 21 Hoshizaki Ice Maker Â 22 True Refrigerator TS-49 ACCEPTANCES OF EXISTING EQUIPMENT: In accordance with standard kitchen equipment industry practice this is a full maintenance contract. The Contractor shall, inspect, maintain, repair, test all the kitchen equipment. The Contractor will accept all Veteran Canteen Service kitchen equipment "as is". All repairs shall be the Contractor s sole responsibility. The Contractor shall provide an initial assessment and initial PM, as if there has been zero PM performed other than general equipment cleaning on the base year contract and plan accordingly. The Contractor shall accept all replaced equipment over the lifespan of the contract and rotate them within the PM schedule. Removed equipment shall be noted and new replacing equipment, which shall be noted as new with introduction date. If the equipment is different model, make, or equipment, the contractor shall familiarize themselves with the new equipment s PM requirements. PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE Definition. "Preventive Maintenance (PM) is regularly scheduled work on the kitchen equipment(s) that the Contractor must do to accomplish the following: Ensure their safe, reliable and continued operation. Prevent breakdowns due to worn parts. Maintain equipment above the point where deterioration begins. Preventative maintenance service shall include, but is not limited to: Corrective and Preventative Maintenance Checklist shall be provided for each equipment inspected. Scheduled service includes, but is not limited to, items on attached PM check charts. During all PM service, any specific device cleaning, lubrication, adjustment, or part replacement, which is performed, shall be indicated on an accompanying service report. Initial cleaning shall be required to support initial assessment of equipment. If the Contractor identifies that the equipment has been neglected in certain regular requires staff involvement for daily, weekly, or monthly preventative measures, such as specialized cleaning required by the manufacturer, the contractor shall be required to provide guidance and training to at least the VCS Chief, Asst Chief, and VCS Leads. Each contract year, the contractor shall notify the VCS Chiefs, POC, and Contracting officer with a notice of planned yearly PM two weeks prior to that of the award date anniversary. The intent of this notification shall address: Inquiry about any equipment switched out, identified by the numbering on the plan Expected date(s) for PM to be performed at each location Each contract year, all items that rely on cleaning, lubrication, or routine part replacement shall receive such service at least once as indicated by service report. Failure to provide that report may result in non-payment until such time as they are presented. Each contract year, Ice Machines shall be serviced quarterly and include bi-annual filter supply and changes. Machines with removal ice contact surfaces: Remove all ice-contract parts from the machine. Wash all parts in hot nickel safe cleaner & water. Use a soft brush to remove rust and dirt from metal parts. Nylon and rubber parts including gaskets and O-rings should be washed using a cloth. Rinse parts thoroughly in clean water. Place parts in an ice machine sanitizing solution for 30 seconds. Remove after 30 seconds, let parts air-dry. Thoroughly wash hands before handling all sanitized parts. Reassemble the machine. Wipe all exposed surfaces with a fresh chlorine solution, let air dry. Restart the machine; discard the first batch of ice produced. Machines with non-removable ice contact surfaces: Machines with non-removable ice contact surfaces that are National Sanitation Foundation (NSF) and American National Standards Institute (ANSI) Standard 12 Listed, are designed to have sanitizing solutions circulate through the machines. The manufacturer may state that chlorine solutions not be used during the clean in place procedures if chlorine solution is not allowable per the OEM specifications, then: Remove any residual ice from the ice reservoir or shoots. Turn off the machine to allow any other ice in the machine to melt. Turn the water supply and electricity on. Drain sufficient water through the machine to flush any residual water and dirt from the machine. Run the machine through 2-3 freeing cycles. Discard the ice made from the freezing cycles. Turn the water supply off. Drain the water and the ice inside the system. Inspect and clean water supply inlet screen, if present. Inspect and clean water hoses, if present. Replace if damaged. Circulate a warm water cleaning solution through the machine for a minimum of two minutes and drain the system. Circulate clean potable water for two minutes and drain the system. Wash, rinse, and sanitize any storage bins. Return the drain valves to their normal position and start the machine. Inspect condenser. Clean if necessary by using brush or vacuum cleaner. Restart the machine; discard the first batch of ice. Bi-Annual Filter Supply and Changes: Remove existing filter and discard. Replace with new filter per manufacturer instructions. Service provider shall place a visual inspection sticker to be placed on each unit with the Service Provider s name, Inspector s initials, and the date that the machine was cleaned and inspected and note filter changes with Service Provider s name, Inspector's initials, and the date of the filter change. Each contract year, Soda Fountain Machines shall be serviced quarterly and include bi-annual filter supply and changes. Machines with removable contact surfaces: Unplug machine prior to cleaning. Wipe down the machine with food-safe sanitizer. Remove Nozzles & diffusers. Soak and scrub nozzles with a soft bristle brush and air dry. Replace when fully dry. Coordinate Ice dispenser cleaning with Ice Machine cleaning instructions. Disassemble soda fountain machine ice dispenser and clean with food-safe sanitizer. Air dry and reassemble. Test dispensing once ice has produced. Remove drip tray. Clean with food-safe sanitizer and air dry. Flush lines and tubing with food-safe sanitizer. Inspect CO2 tanks and regulator connections. Replace water filter. Reassemble the machine. Wipe all exposed surfaces with a fresh chlorine solution. Let air dry. Plug in machine and restart. The vendor shall submit the inspection report and preventative maintenance checklists to the VCS department and Facility Maintenance Service (FMS) via email within 48 hours after work completion. Addresses shall be provided upon award. The vendor shall submit technician certification/licensure prior to work start. Copies of these are also to be submitted with the completed checklists. The vendor shall submit all necessary safety plans to include but not limited to; equipment specific Lock-Out Tag Out procedures, Electrical Safety, plan and SDS for any chemicals used to the Contracting Officer representative (COR) for approval prior to working at the Medical Center. The vendor shall schedule all site visits, to include emergencies, with the COR. The vendor shall furnish authentic parts from the equipment manufacturer and the recommendation from the operational manual. The determination of when to replace parts is at the recommendation of the technician, with the COR s concurrence. Additional service charges may be incurred to install parts during scheduled inspections or callbacks as specified in this agreement. Any additional service required will need to take place on an alternate day after review and approval of scope of work by NFS and FMS services. Significant downtime of equipment that is functioning and requires PM related repair requires to be coordinated with the VCS and POC. (refer to (j)) Refrigerators, coolers, and freezers shall be limited to 2 hours maximum and cooking equipment must be completed, tested and in fully functioning working order by the end of the day s work. The vendor shall operate on the premises during the period identified within section 7.0 (d) unless coordinated otherwise with the approval of the corresponding location s VCS Chief and the contract POC. Work sites shall be left in the same manner of cleanliness and order in which they were found. The vendor will provide their own waste disposal, if any. All vendor technicians performing work on site must report to Facility Service in Building 15 to the contractor badge check in/out room to sign in on the contractor log and get a Contractor badge. Non-expiring badges must be returned, and the logbook signed out prior to departing the premises. The vendor shall then coordinate with the COR prior to performing their work. Personnel must always wear the proper personal protective equipment (PPE) (Per recommend guidance of the Medical Center). Work done under this contract must comply with infection control requirements. The contractor is responsible for all infection control measures within all areas of the kitchen and service areas. The VCS has foods in areas of preparation, either within storage areas or in pre-prepped areas for next day service . These areas shall be protected from contamination from methods of cleaning and/or maintenance of equipment. The contractor shall receive all deliveries of materials, equipment, tools, or other goods off station, and bring them to the job site. The Veterans Administration facilities shall not accept deliveries for project purposes. SERVICE CALLS: a) A "Service Call" is a report of an equipment malfunction made by the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) or designated building occupants and the Contractor' s subsequent response to and correction of the problem. b) Whenever called by the COR or designee (6:00am-6:00pm, Monday-Friday) the Contractor shall respond promptly. In no case may the arrival time exceed that listed in the contract. c) For each service call the Contractor shall provide to the COR documentation that contains the following minimum information: A description of the problem. The location of the problem (facility, item, room, etc.). A description of the action taken to resolve the problem. The time and date corrective action was completed. The name of the person, or persons, who corrected the problem. d) A preapproved set contingency allowance shall be identified by the contracting officer and set upon award to guaranty work to be completed upon designated equipment to be corrected within a specific timeline to support the VCS functions. Equipment identified as refrigerators and freezers shall require a next-day or 24-hour repair completion period. All other equipment shall require a 48-hour repair completion period. All repairs can be coordinated to be serviced within the operational period of the VCS with the approval of the VCS Chief or Asst Chief. UNSCHEDULED/EMERGENCY REPAIRS AND SERVICE CALLS REQUIREMENTS Unscheduled Repairs shall be performed at the direction of the VA Contracting Officer. The vendor and the VA Contracting Officer will agree on the Scope of Work, labor hours, and parts cost prior to the commencement of work. Contingency Allowance of $2,500.00 for parts. Contractor shall submit a quarterly balance with all parts utilized and documented to include service dates. Emergency service and repairs are available on a 24 hour per day basis and will be invoiced at the prevailing straight time or overtime contract customer rate. Vendor shall submit the following associated with unscheduled repairs. Labor Hours: Minimum 6 Hours Parts Cost: Minimum Total $500.00 SCHEDULE: a) Not later than ten (10) working days after contract start date the Contractor shall submit to COR for approval an annual work schedule designed to meet the requirement. A simple schedule indicating, for example, "the technician will be in a particular building the first Tuesday of every month" will be sufficient. The Contractor does not have to indicate what work will be done. The purpose is to let the Building Manager and the COR know when to expect the technician. b) PM shall be performed during normal business hours at times convenient to VA, with quarterly PM being conducted according to a pre-arranged recurring schedule that must be approved by the VA prior to contract start date. d) Hours of Performance: Due to the VCS hours of operation and need for all equipment for daily use, the hours of work shall be the following schedule unless coordinated otherwise as stated within Section 5.0 (j). West Haven Cafeteria/Kitchen-3pm-11:00pm Newington Cafeteria/ Kitchen-2pm-7pm West Haven Starbucks & VCS Store-Coordinate with VCS Chief (Starbucks closes ~2pm, VCS Store Closes @ 5pm, Newington VCS Store has same hours as Cafeteria) e) Recording Presence. Each contract employee must sign in at building 15 when entering the premises and state the purpose of the visit (for example, scheduled maintenance, service call or repairs) and sign out when leaving the facility. Upon completion of service the Contractor shall report to the Engineering Officer or designee. SUBMITTALS/DELIVERABLES: The contractor shall submit hard copy and electronic copy of all maintenance, test, inspection, repair, and installation data/reports to the COR within seven (7) business days. The contractor shall submit any waste manifest documents as applicable. CONTRACTOR CONDUCT: a) All persons furnished by the Contractor, including subcontractors, are the sole responsibilities of the Contractor. The Contractor shall be responsible for their compliance with all laws, rules and regulations and conduct at the respective medical centers. Contractor shall always, and all cases be treated as an independent contractor solely, and not as an employee of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System. Contractor shall not accrue any employee benefits from the VABHS, including but not limited to, insurance, workmen's compensation, vacation pay, sick pay or holiday day. Contractor shall assume full responsibility for all state and Federal withholding taxes, FICA and all other tax payments which may become payable on account of any payment or services rendered pursuant thereto. VACT shall not be liable to Contractor, its agents, and employees for damages or injuries. Documentation: At the conclusion of each repair and scheduled maintenance visit, the contractor shall provide a written service report indicating the date of service, the model, serial number, and location of equipment serviced, the name of the representative, and the services performed, and parts replaced and labor hours. The reports shall be delivered within seven business days. Per VA Directive 1805, smoking vaping, and smokeless tobacco are prohibited on the grounds of VA facilities, including in vehicles. This Directive applies to all Service providers and their employees. No photography of VA premises is allowed without written permission of the contracting officer. Patients and staff are not to be photographed at any time. VA reserves the right to close down or shut down the facilities and order Service provider employees off the premises in the event of a national emergency. The Service provider may return to the site only with the written approval of the VA Contracting Officer. Parking for Service provider and its employees shall be in designated areas only. Service provider to coordinate with COR. PERFORMANCE STANDARD: Records regarding downtime will be kept by the COR and the maintenance Contractor. Equipment downtime is calculated only from those normal hours of coverage that the scheduled equipment is not fully operational. Downtime will begin when the Contractor is required to be on site (see Call Back Service on-site requirement) after notification by the CO, COR, or designee. Downtime will accumulate until the scheduled equipment is returned to full and usual operation and accepted as such by the Contracting Officer, COR, or designee. This does not include scheduled maintenance for PM purposes or refusal of access to the equipment by the VA. CONTRACT CLOSEOUT INSPECTION: a) No later than two (2) months before the expiration of the contract period of performance a joint inspection of all equipment will be made by the Contractor and Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) or designee. b) The COR will prepare an Existing Deficiency Report that lists the deficiencies found. All defective parts mutually found during this inspection will be replaced within thirty (30) days, except for parts requiring purchase and delivery, these parts shall be replaced within sixty (60) days. c) The Contracting Officer may take deductions from moneys due the Contractor for any deficiency that remains uncorrected when this contract expires. Such deductions will be based upon the cost to the Government of having the deficiencies corrected by other means. d) The Contractor may dispute the Contracting Officer's decision concerning responsibility for deficiencies and file a claim under the "Disputes Clause" of this contract. However, pending a resolution the Contractor shall perform the work. DEFINITIONS/ACRONYMS: CO - Contracting Officer is a person with the authority to enter, administer, and/or terminate contracts and make related determinations and findings. COR - Contracting Officer's Representative Preventive Maintenance Inspection - Services that are periodic in nature and are required to maintain the equipment in such condition that it may be operated with minimal incidence of malfunction or inoperative conditions. Emergency Service- Services/repairs to be performed (excluding regularly scheduled inspections, maintenance, and repairs) upon Government notification within the contract hours of 6:00 a.m. 6:00 p.m. Monday through Friday. Response Time- refers to the physical presence of a qualified service technician/mechanic on site to perform repairs within stipulated time frames within the contract. Service Report I Job Ticket I Vendor Engineering Service Report. A documentation of the services rendered for each incidence of work performance under the terms of the contract. Please be aware that the following may or may not apply to this project but must be stated and/or may be within the respective contract s expected verbiage: Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C chapters 21, 29, 31 and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer's approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information. Contractor policies and procedures shall comply with all VA Privacy & Security, the Privacy Act and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). END OF STATEMENT OF WORK The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services [In accordance with FAR 12.301(c) when the use of evaluation factors is appropriate, the contracting officer may (1) Insert the provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, in solicitations for commercial products or commercial services (see 12.602); or (2) Include a similar provision containing all evaluation factors required by 13.106, subpart 14.2 or subpart 15.3, as an addendum (see 12.302(d)).] FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR ...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Juliette Buchanan
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: juliette.buchanan@va.gov
  - Phone: 401-273-7100

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f02fd2a07f1a4796bc1713b6387e6f94/view)