---
layout: default
title: Deputy Aviation Advisor (DAA)
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 3ed8a254f9f4455183fdfcee42a82876
---

# Deputy Aviation Advisor (DAA)

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 14:32:20.152-05
- Solicitation Number: PSC-26-014-INL

## Summary

*****UPDATE - The purpose of this update is to cancel the solicitation in its entirety effective 03/06/2026.***** U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUREAU OF INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AFFAIRS (INL) You have received this "Personal Services Contractor” (PSC) solicitation through the Department of State (DOS) Internet site. If you have any questions regarding this PSC, you may contact the DOS Official named in this solicitation. The Department is not responsible for any data and/or text not received when retrieving this document electronically. Amendments to solicitation documents generally contain information critical to the submission of an application. Position Title: Deputy Aviation Advisor (DAA) Location: Lima, Peru Salary Level: FS-02 - $102,409-$150,391 (Equivalent GS-14) Period of performance: The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. Issuance Date: Tuesday, March 03, 2026 Closing Date: Tuesday, March 17, 2026 Closing Time: 3:00 PM ET Solicitation Number: PSC-26-014-INL Job description: See below Dear Prospective Offerors: The Department of State is seeking offers from qualified U.S. citizens to provide personal services for the subject position under a personal services contract, as described in this solicitation. Submittals must be in accordance with the attached information at the place and time specified. Applicants interested in applying for this position MUST submit the following materials: 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Complete resume. In order to fully evaluate your offer your resume must include: a. Paid a non-paid experience, job title, location(s), dates held (month/year), and hours worked per week for each position. Dates (month/year) and locations for any overseas experience must also be detailed. Any experience that does not include dates (month/year), locations, and hours per week will not be counted towards meeting the solicitation requirements. b. Specific duties performed that fully detail the level and complexity of the work. c. Names and contact information (phone and email) of your current and/or previous supervisor(s). d. Education and any other qualifications including job-related training courses, job-related skills, or job-related honors, awards or accomplishments. e. U.S. Citizenship Note: Resume must contain explicit information to make a valid determination that the candidate meets the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information needs to be clearly identified in the resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. 3. Evaluation Factor document specifically addressing: Each of the Evaluation Factors shown in the solicitation below. Responses must be limited to 500 words per Evaluation Factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Note: The Evaluation Factors are worth 70 out of 100 points. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have receive that are relevant to each Factor. 4. Professional References: Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Additional documents submitted will not be accepted. Incomplete or late offers will not be considered. Complete applications must be emailed to: U.S. Department of State, ATT: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team, INLPSCTeam@state.gov Sincerely, Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer, U.S. Department of State SUBJECT A solicitation for a Personal Services Contractor (PSC), Department of State (DOS), Bureau for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL). The United States Government (USG), represented by the DOS, seeks applications from US citizens interested in providing PSC services as described in this solicitation. PRE-AWARD ETHICAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSC (JUN 2011) This solicitation may result in the award of one or more personal services contracts as defined in FAR 2.101. Prior to contract award, all offerors or quotes must advise the cognizant Contracting Officer if they have a personal conflict of interest, such as a financial conflict, that would prevent them from either meeting the requirements of the clause entitled, “Post-Award Ethical Responsibilities of Personal Services Contractors,” or otherwise objectively performing their contractual duties upon contract award. HOW TO APPLY Offerors proposal shall be in accordance with the requirements stated in this solicitation at the place and time specified. A proposal will be determined non-responsive and ineligible for consideration unless all required documents and information are included in the submission. Offerors shall ensure their resume demonstrates their possession of the minimum qualifications outlined in this Solicitation, as well as their ability to fulfill all required duties. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred by the offeror during the solicitation process. NOTE REGARDING GOVERNMENT OBLIGATIONS FOR THIS SOLICITATION This solicitation in no way obligates the Department of State to award a PSC contract, nor does it commit the Department of State to pay any cost incurred in the preparation and submission of the application. Proposals must include the following and not exceed twenty (20) pages (additional pages will not be accepted or reviewed): 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Resume 3. Evaluation Factor Responses 4. Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Note: Your resume should contain explicit information to make a valid determination that you fully meet the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information should be clearly identified in your resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine your qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. Additional documents submitted beyond the requirements will not be accepted or reviewed. *** ONE PDF ATTACHMENT IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. Personal Services Contractor (PSC) Statement of Work (SOW) U.S. Embassy - Lima, Peru Deputy Aviation Advisor (DAA) FS-02 (GS-14 Equivalent) GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. INL’s Office of Western Hemisphere Programs (INL/WHP) is devoted to carrying out INL’s mission in the Western Hemisphere by working with INL Sections and Narcotics Affairs Officers in U.S. embassies throughout the hemisphere. In addition, INL works with other United States government agencies (such as the Department of Justice and the White House’s Office of National Drug Control Policy) and international organizations (including the Organization of American States’ Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission) to ensure the most efficient coordination of policy and program implementation. The purpose of this Personal Services Contract (PSC) is to provide an in-country Deputy Aviation Advisor (DAA) to support INL/Lima. The DAA is responsible for providing aviation expertise, program implementation, direction, and execution oversight of U.S. government aviation support for host nation counternarcotics (CN) and counter Transnational Criminal Organization (TCO) efforts. The DAA will evaluate training and operational effectiveness of in-country Department of State (DOS) and Government of Peru (GOP) programs, with special focus on aviation support for eradication and interdiction operations, ensuring the program retains operational and logistical integrity. The DAA, in coordination with the Senior Aviation Advisor (SAA), will provide support to the DOS and GOP aviation efforts. The DAA will also monitor and evaluate an aviation support services contractor's performance in safety, maintenance, operations, and logistics. In the absence of the SAA, the DAA may act as SAA (will not supervise any employees). Additionally, the DAA will support the SAA with program implementation, direction, execution, and oversight of DOS aviation support for host nation CN and counter-TCO efforts. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Lima-based SAA, the DAA will perform the following duties: 1. Oversees INL/Lima aviation program support and liaises with the GOP aviation units for the purposes of conducting safety, logistics, maintenance, operations, and aircrew training. 2. In consultation with the SAA, coordinates and deconflicts interinstitutional challenges. 3. Submits weekly written reports of the contractor's performance and GOP activities to INL’s Office of Aviation (INL/ACB/A) and INL/Lima. 4. Ensures compliance with INL/ACB/A Program Directives, Guide to Aviation Training and Standardization, and respective Aircraft Training Manuals by personnel from INL/Lima, the contractor, and the Peruvian National Police (PNP) Directorate of Aviation (DIRAVPOL). 5. Assists in the management of all facets of aviation operations involving a fleet of USG rotary wing and fixed wing aircraft which function within an integrated program supporting diverse counternarcotics missions. These missions include tactical transport, eradication, interdiction, CASEVAC, humanitarian assistance, logistics, resupply, replenishment, sustainment, and host nation aviation training. 7. Performs contract oversight as a Government Technical Monitor (GTM) on all aspects of the INL/ACB/A Aviation Support Services Contract currently in force in accordance with DOS Contract Administration Procedures. Assists in keeping the Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) informed by submitting reports as required regarding the contractor's performance and activities and providing comprehensive trimester award term input evaluating the contractor’s performance. 8. Oversees contractor performance in supporting aviation maintenance, operations, training, logistics, and safety programs for the DIRAVPOL Helicopter Unit. 9. Assists the SAA and INL to develop, coordinate, organize, and implement comprehensive operational systems and procedures for INL/Lima’s aviation program. These operational systems and procedures include but are not limited to the Aircrew Training Programs, INL/ACB/A Program Directives, Guide to Aviation Training and Standardization, and Standard Operating Procedures for counternarcotics operations in Peru. 10. Implements INL/ACB/A programs affecting flight regulations, aviation training and standardization, and aircrew training, as well as maintenance and logistics oversight in accordance with INL/ACB/A Program Directives or generally accepted international standards. 11. Collects and reviews data on aviation tactics, techniques, and employment focusing on safety and program improvement. 12. Maintains a comprehensive knowledge of INL/ACB/A and INL/Lima current policies, procedures, and rules pertaining to INL aviation operations. 13. Prepares, coordinates, and ensures the standardization of aviation support contractor pilots and DIRAPOL pilots operating from multiple forward operating locations. 14. Coordinates with the DIRVPOL Helicopter Unit the aircraft and personnel deployments within Peru required to support the unit’s training, support missions, and other missions authorized by the Chief of Mission. 15. Monitors the training of aircrew and aviation maintenance and support personnel for the DIRAVPOL Helicopter Unit provided by the contractor. 16. Analyzes budgetary and operational data to recommend programming, training, equipment, and other measures to transition CN aviation support operations from INL to GOP responsibility. Assists in Aviation Program budget formulation and execution, program planning, procurement requirements definition, and related documentation preparation. 17. Assists in the end use monitoring of aviation commodities provided to the host government. As necessary, conducts field surveys, evaluations, and special requirement studies. 18. Assists the SAA in facilitating high-level interagency coordination among the U.S. embassy agencies involved in counternarcotics operations and support to the Peruvian security forces, and other agencies as required. 19. When required, performs the role of Duty Officer. 20. Performs other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAINING & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Completes the Contracting Officer Representative (PA296) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within 120 days of arriving at Post. 2. Completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within the first six (06) months of arriving at Post. 3. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) prior to deployment to Post. 4. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 5. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the U.S. Embassy Lima, Peru. Travel within Peru, to other countries in the region, and to the U.S. as required. RELATIONSHIPS The DAA reports to the SAA with oversight from the INL/Lima Director and works closely with other INL/Lima program leads, INL/A, and various offices and agencies of the U.S. Embassy Peru. The DAA reports to and receives broad policy guidance and general direction from the SAA. The DAA shall proceed independently, upon advisement from the SAA, with coordinating safety, operational, logistics, and maintenance issues with the senior personnel of DIRAVPOL. The DAA must cultivate and maintain cordial and professional relationships with personnel of all grades belonging to the DIRAVPOL. These relationships will include contacts at all working levels. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the SAA or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government's requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The SAA will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY This position involves meeting with Government of Peru officials, analyzing, assessing, planning, organizing, and implementing complex counternarcotics aviation operations in Peru. The position also involves a fleet of rotary wing and fixed wing aircraft that function within an integrated program with diverse missions. Decisions involve working directly with the host nation to build its capability to operate fixed and rotary wing platforms in counternarcotic operations; coordinating sensitive, complex issues affecting aviation operations and maintenance; and understanding the oversight of the maintenance and logistics practices required under INL/Lima Program objectives. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS The PSC performs broad and extensive assignments related to a complex aviation program. The PSC should be experienced in resolving and analyzing interrelated issues for effectiveness and efficiency affecting the aviation program and improving flight safety aviation operations in support of the INL Functional Bureau Strategy and the U.S. Embassy Peru Integrated Country Strategy, which is of significant interest to the public and to Congress. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited institution: OR, a) An Associate’s degree from an accredited institution and a minimum of five (05) years of experience in the aviation industry; OR, b) A minimum of ten (10) years of experience in the aviation industry. 3. A minimum of one (01) year of experience with U.S. government contracting and demonstrated knowledge of Department of Defense (DoD) or DOS Foreign Assistance contracting. 4. Demonstrated knowledge of U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulations, including, but not limited to FAR Part 1, 61, 67, 91, 135, 137, 141, 143, and NTSB 830. 5. Demonstrated knowledge of tactical employment of rotary wing and fixed wing aircraft in a CN environment. 6. A minimum of ten (10) years of experience as a military or civilian aircraft pilot. 7. Demonstrated experience as an operations officer/manager in a military or civilian organization involved in the tactical employment of aircraft in a high threat environment. 8. A minimum of two (02) years of experience in the formulation of plans and policies and procedures pertaining to operations and unit level training activities. 9. Demonstrated knowledge of command communications, government intelligence procedures, and flight operations procedures. 10. Demonstrated ability to read and speak Spanish and English at the professionally proficient level. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1: Contract Oversight (20 Points) Demonstrated knowledge and experience in contract oversight, including evaluating contractor performance in maintenance, training, and safety programs; reviewing waiver requests for policies and procedures; and preparing performance reports and award term recommendations. Factor 2: Direction and Coordination (25 Points) Demonstrated ability to direct contractor and host nation personnel to meet program goals. Experience coordinating aircraft operations with host nation counterparts for general aviation, counter-TCO, and counternarcotics missions, including logistics, medical evacuation, and aircrew/maintenance training and standardization. Factor 3: Program Management and Administrations (25 Points) Demonstrated experience in aviation program management, budget oversight, regulatory compliance, and advising officials while effectively communicating program requirements to stakeholders at all levels. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education, and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in you not receiving credit for all of your pertinent experience, education, training, and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 20 Factor #2 – 25 Factor #3 – 25 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant's writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee's FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker's Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: INL PSC Team
  - Email: INLPSCTeam@state.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. Personal Services Contractor (PSC) Statement of Work (SOW) U.S. Embassy - Lima, Peru Deputy Aviation Advisor (DAA) FS-02 (GS-14 Equivalent) GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. INL’s Office of Western Hemisphere Programs (INL/WHP) is devoted to carrying out INL’s mission in the Western Hemisphere by working with INL Sections and Narcotics Affairs Officers in U.S. embassies throughout the hemisphere. In addition, INL works with other United States government agencies (such as the Department of Justice and the White House’s Office of National Drug Control Policy) and international organizations (including the Organization of American States’ Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission) to ensure the most efficient coordination of policy and program implementation. The purpose of this Personal Services Contract (PSC) is to provide an in-country Deputy Aviation Advisor (DAA) to support INL/Lima. The DAA is responsible for providing aviation expertise, program implementation, direction, and execution oversight of U.S. government aviation support for host nation counternarcotics (CN) and counter Transnational Criminal Organization (TCO) efforts. The DAA will evaluate training and operational effectiveness of in-country Department of State (DOS) and Government of Peru (GOP) programs, with special focus on aviation support for eradication and interdiction operations, ensuring the program retains operational and logistical integrity. The DAA, in coordination with the Senior Aviation Advisor (SAA), will provide support to the DOS and GOP aviation efforts. The DAA will also monitor and evaluate an aviation support services contractor"s performance in safety, maintenance, operations, and logistics. In the absence of the SAA, the DAA may act as SAA (will not supervise any employees). Additionally, the DAA will support the SAA with program implementation, direction, execution, and oversight of DOS aviation support for host nation CN and counter-TCO efforts. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Lima-based SAA, the DAA will perform the following duties: 1. Oversees INL/Lima aviation program support and liaises with the GOP aviation units for the purposes of conducting safety, logistics, maintenance, operations, and aircrew training. 2. In consultation with the SAA, coordinates and deconflicts interinstitutional challenges. 3. Submits weekly written reports of the contractor"s performance and GOP activities to INL’s Office of Aviation (INL/ACB/A) and INL/Lima. 4. Ensures compliance with INL/ACB/A Program Directives, Guide to Aviation Training and Standardization, and respective Aircraft Training Manuals by personnel from INL/Lima, the contractor, and the Peruvian National Police (PNP) Directorate of Aviation (DIRAVPOL). 5. Assists in the management of all facets of aviation operations involving a fleet of USG rotary wing and fixed wing aircraft which function within an integrated program supporting diverse counternarcotics missions. These missions include tactical transport, eradication, interdiction, CASEVAC, humanitarian assistance, logistics, resupply, replenishment, sustainment, and host nation aviation training. 7. Performs contract oversight as a Government Technical Monitor (GTM) on all aspects of the INL/ACB/A Aviation Support Services Contract currently in force in accordance with DOS Contract Administration Procedures. Assists in keeping the Contracting Officer"s Representative (COR) informed by submitting reports as required regarding the contractor"s performance and activities and providing comprehensive trimester award term input evaluating the contractor’s performance. 8. Oversees contractor performance in supporting aviation maintenance, operations, training, logistics, and safety programs for the DIRAVPOL Helicopter Unit. 9. Assists the SAA and INL to develop, coordinate, organize, and implement comprehensive operational systems and procedures for INL/Lima’s aviation program. These operational systems and procedures include but are not limited to the Aircrew Training Programs, INL/ACB/A Program Directives, Guide to Aviation Training and Standardization, and Standard Operating Procedures for counternarcotics operations in Peru. 10. Implements INL/ACB/A programs affecting flight regulations, aviation training and standardization, and aircrew training, as well as maintenance and logistics oversight in accordance with INL/ACB/A Program Directives or generally accepted international standards. 11. Collects and reviews data on aviation tactics, techniques, and employment focusing on safety and program improvement. 12. Maintains a comprehensive knowledge of INL/ACB/A and INL/Lima current policies, procedures, and rules pertaining to INL aviation operations. 13. Prepares, coordinates, and ensures the standardization of aviation support contractor pilots and DIRAPOL pilots operating from multiple forward operating locations. 14. Coordinates with the DIRVPOL Helicopter Unit the aircraft and personnel deployments within Peru required to support the unit’s training, support missions, and other missions authorized by the Chief of Mission. 15. Monitors the training of aircrew and aviation maintenance and support personnel for the DIRAVPOL Helicopter Unit provided by the contractor. 16. Analyzes budgetary and operational data to recommend programming, training, equipment, and other measures to transition CN aviation support operations from INL to GOP responsibility. Assists in Aviation Program budget formulation and execution, program planning, procurement requirements definition, and related documentation preparation. 17. Assists in the end use monitoring of aviation commodities provided to the host government. As necessary, conducts field surveys, evaluations, and special requirement studies. 18. Assists the SAA in facilitating high-level interagency coordination among the U.S. embassy agencies involved in counternarcotics operations and support to the Peruvian security forces, and other agencies as required. 19. When required, performs the role of Duty Officer. 20. Performs other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAINING & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Completes the Contracting Officer Representative (PA296) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within 120 days of arriving at Post. 2. Completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within the first six (06) months of arriving at Post. 3. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) prior to deployment to Post. 4. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 5. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the U.S. Embassy Lima, Peru. Travel within Peru, to other countries in the region, and to the U.S. as required. RELATIONSHIPS The DAA reports to the SAA with oversight from the INL/Lima Director and works closely with other INL/Lima program leads, INL/A, and various offices and agencies of the U.S. Embassy Peru. The DAA reports to and receives broad policy guidance and general direction from the SAA. The DAA shall proceed independently, upon advisement from the SAA, with coordinating safety, operational, logistics, and maintenance issues with the senior personnel of DIRAVPOL. The DAA must cultivate and maintain cordial and professional relationships with personnel of all grades belonging to the DIRAVPOL. These relationships will include contacts at all working levels. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the SAA or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government"s requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The SAA will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY This position involves meeting with Government of Peru officials, analyzing, assessing, planning, organizing, and implementing complex counternarcotics aviation operations in Peru. The position also involves a fleet of rotary wing and fixed wing aircraft that function within an integrated program with diverse missions. Decisions involve working directly with the host nation to build its capability to operate fixed and rotary wing platforms in counternarcotic operations; coordinating sensitive, complex issues affecting aviation operations and maintenance; and understanding the oversight of the maintenance and logistics practices required under INL/Lima Program objectives. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS The PSC performs broad and extensive assignments related to a complex aviation program. The PSC should be experienced in resolving and analyzing interrelated issues for effectiveness and efficiency affecting the aviation program and improving flight safety aviation operations in support of the INL Functional Bureau Strategy and the U.S. Embassy Peru Integrated Country Strategy, which is of significant interest to the public and to Congress. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited institution: OR, a) An Associate’s degree from an accredited institution and a minimum of five (05) years of experience in the aviation industry; OR, b) A minimum of ten (10) years of experience in the aviation industry. 3. A minimum of one (01) year of experience with U.S. government contracting and demonstrated knowledge of Department of Defense (DoD) or DOS Foreign Assistance contracting. 4. Demonstrated knowledge of U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulations, including, but not limited to FAR Part 1, 61, 67, 91, 135, 137, 141, 143, and NTSB 830. 5. Demonstrated knowledge of tactical employment of rotary wing and fixed wing aircraft in a CN environment. 6. A minimum of ten (10) years of experience as a military or civilian aircraft pilot. 7. Demonstrated experience as an operations officer/manager in a military or civilian organization involved in the tactical employment of aircraft in a high threat environment. 8. A minimum of two (02) years of experience in the formulation of plans and policies and procedures pertaining to operations and unit level training activities. 9. Demonstrated knowledge of command communications, government intelligence procedures, and flight operations procedures. 10. Demonstrated ability to read and speak Spanish and English at the professionally proficient level. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1: Contract Oversight (20 Points) Demonstrated knowledge and experience in contract oversight, including evaluating contractor performance in maintenance, training, and safety programs; reviewing waiver requests for policies and procedures; and preparing performance reports and award term recommendations. Factor 2: Direction and Coordination (25 Points) Demonstrated ability to direct contractor and host nation personnel to meet program goals. Experience coordinating aircraft operations with host nation counterparts for general aviation, counter-TCO, and counternarcotics missions, including logistics, medical evacuation, and aircrew/maintenance training and standardization. Factor 3: Program Management and Administrations (25 Points) Demonstrated experience in aviation program management, budget oversight, regulatory compliance, and advising officials while effectively communicating program requirements to stakeholders at all levels. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education, and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in you not receiving credit for all of your pertinent experience, education, training, and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 20 Factor #2 – 25 Factor #3 – 25 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant"s writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee"s FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker"s Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3ed8a254f9f4455183fdfcee42a82876/view