---
layout: default
title: J091--Fuel Dispensing System Maintenance
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: d9cde60ae9cd43129523b40dcae269de
---

# J091--Fuel Dispensing System Maintenance

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 10:47:11.327-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25226Q0228
- Awardee: null

## Summary

MAINTENANCE OF LEAK DETECTION AND FUEL DISPENSING SYSTEM STATEMENT OF WORK The Contractor shall provide certified technicians, management supervision, labor, equipment, and supplies to inspect/calibrate all fuel dispensing/ management systems located at the VA Medical Center (VAMC), 5000 W National Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53295 in accordance with the Statement of Work. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES The Contractor shall provide certified technicians, management supervision, labor, equipment, and supplies to perform an Automatic Tank Gauge functionality verification and tank system review for all tanks listed below located at the Clement J. Zablocki Medical Center, Milwaukee, WI 53295, as defined herein and in the Scope of Work (SOW). The buildings, type of system, and locations are as noted below. Upcoming construction projects may or may not change the size and/or placement of these fuel tanks. Location Construction Fuel Capacity (gallons) Leak Detection Current Monitoring System Building 107 Fiberglass Unleaded Gasoline 8,000 ATG Veeder Root Building 107 Steel E-85 5,000 IM Pneumercator Building 111 Fiberglass Diesel 30,000 IM Pneumercator Building 112 Coated Steel Diesel 50,000 ATG Pneumercator (one for all 4 tanks) Building 112 Coated Steel Diesel 50,000 ATG Pneumercator (one for all 4 tanks) Veeder Root Building 112 Coated Steel Diesel 50,000 ATG Building 112 Coated Steel Diesel 50,000 ATG Building 112 Fiberglass Diesel 6,000 ATG Building 123 Fiberglass Diesel 600 ATG Veeder Root SPECIFICATION OF REQUIRED SERVICES The Contractor is responsible for performing the annual Automatic Tank Gauge functionality verification per State, Federal, and local requirements/laws and Wisconsin DATCP Form # TR-WM-139. This covers monitoring equipment as required in ATCP 93.510-515 which includes, but is not limited to: verify equipment functionality, verify printer operation, and verify all alarm conditions. Contractor shall inspect underground tank spill buckets, sumps, and connections. The contractor shall complete Wisconsin Department of Trade, Agriculture and Consumer Protection (DATCP) Underground Tank System Functionality Verification (Form TR-WM-139) for the ten (10) tanks listed in Section 1.0 and submit all required forms and documentation to the COR. The contractor shall complete annual cathodic protection surveys to assess the effectiveness of the cathodic protection impressed current system for four USTs on the West side of building 112. Cathodic protection surveys/resurveys shall be conducted according to requirements within ATCP 93.520. The contractor shall submit a summary report, description of testing procedures, and complete WI ATCP form ERS 10785 with all required documentation to the COR. Any repairs/corrections that need to be done shall be submitted in writing to the COR for approval before any work is to be done. Repairs parts shall be paid separate from this contract. Hydrostatic Containment Testing as required to be performed every 3 years per WI Code QUALIFICATIONS OF SERVICE TECHNICIANS AND MECHANICS It is of the utmost importance that the Contractor utilizes adequately skilled, certified, and productive labor in order to furnish the required level of services specified in this contract. Failure on the part of the Contractor to perform satisfactory work and obtain satisfactory results shall necessitate Government action to adjust the Contractors invoices accordingly and/or pursue contract termination. Service technicians/mechanics engaged in the work to be performed under this contract shall be limited to those submitted in the technical proposal. Additional or replacement mechanics shall be certified by the manufacturer of the equipment they are working on. Lead service technicians/mechanics shall be Wisconsin Certified A/B Underground Storage Tank Operators. Service technicians/mechanics working on leak detection devices shall be trained and certified by the manufacturer of the device. In addition, technicians/mechanics performing corrosion protection surveys shall be certified cathodic protection testers. Please provide the certification number for each employee who shall be working on site. Resumes containing the information specified below shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) or a designated representative for approval prior to assignment of a new or replacement service technician(s) or mechanic(s) to this contract. Upon approval, the Contractor s personnel shall only be permitted to work in the equipment type(s) which they meet the minimum experience requirements and are certified competent. Resumes shall include: The full name of all service technicians or mechanic(s) Detailed descriptions of the previous ten (10) years of employment and experience histories This includes the name(s) and address(es) of the companies for whom they worked, along with the name(s) and telephone number(s) of their immediate supervisor(s) Statement of competency Contractor s employees shall have the ability to read and understand regulations, contract specifications, detailed written instructions, training instructions and materials, manufacturer s technical manuals and schematics, and shall be able to prepare service and quality assurance reports. Helpers, apprentices, and trainees shall not be permitted to perform work without the direct supervision of an approved service technician or mechanic. The Contractor shall provide training updates and statements of competency for all technicians/mechanics assigned to perform work under this contract prior to the start of each contract period. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Period of performance shall begin on the award date of the contract and continue until the Government determines that all deliverables described herein are complete. The estimated period of performance is 90 days after the contract award. The exact dates are to be determined upon award and agreed upon by both the VA and the Contractor. SCHEDULING WORK AND REPORTING COMPLETED WORK Five (5) workdays prior to the contract start date, and annually thereafter if options are exercised by the Government, the Contractor shall submit to the COR an annual schedule of all inspections and services to be performed under this contract. The schedules shall specify the day of the week and the time of day, that work shall be performed in order to facilitate Government verification of work performed, and to minimize disruption of normal operations. Contractor shall confirm with COR no later than two (2) days prior to scheduled work. The Contractor shall submit, prior to sign-out, written recommendations for repairs/corrections to be performed at a later date and time. The timeliness of the submission shall be such as to allow adequate time for the Government to fully evaluate and render a determination on the request. DOCUMENTATION A written Field Service Report (FSR) shall be provided to the COR upon completion of each inspection. The report shall document the information listed below legibly and in complete detail. Failure to provide written reports could result in delay in payments. Reports shall be submitted electronically, and not later than five (5) days after service is performed. 1. Name of Contractor 2. Name of Field Service Engineer (FSE) who performed services 3. Contractor service FSR number/log number 4. Date, time (starting and ending), equipment downtime, and hours on-site for service call 5. VA purchase order number (Using the incorrect number could delay processing of invoices) 6. Identification of equipment to be serviced: ID number, manufacturer s name, model, and serial numbers, location, and any other manufacturer s identification numbers 7. Itemized description of services performed. 8. Signatures of the FSE performing the services and the VA employee who witnessed the services described The Contractor shall immediately, but no later than twenty-four (24) consecutive hours after the discovery of, notify the COR in writing of the existence or the development of any defects in, or repairs required, to the government owned equipment, which is not covered under terms of this contract and is the responsibility of the government for repair. HOURS OF OPERATION Normal hours of coverage are Monday through Friday from 7:00 AM to 3:30 PM, including federal holidays as listed below. Service/repairs may be performed outside of normal working hours. Federal Holidays observed by the VAMC that are considered normal hours of coverage for this contract: New Year s Day Martin Luther King, Jr. President s Day Memorial Day Juneteenth Day Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving Day Christmas Day When one of the above designated Federal Holidays falls on a Sunday, the following Monday shall be observed as a Federal Holiday. When a Federal Holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday shall be observed as a Federal Holiday by United States Government agencies. If different times shall be needed, this shall be discussed and mutually agreed upon with the Zablocki VAMC Point of Contact (POC) and shall still be considered normal business hours. No work by the Contractor on Federal Holidays and no work on the weekend when the Federal Holiday is on the respective Monday or Friday shall be done. COMPLIANCE WITH THE GENERAL SAFETY REGULATIONS All Contractors and subcontractors performing for the Government shall comply with all Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), State, County, and municipal Safety and Occupational Health Standards and any other applicable rules and regulations. Also, all Contractors and subcontractors shall be held responsible for the safety of their employees and any unsafe acts or conditions that may cause injury or damage to any persons or property within and around the work site are under this contract. All ladders, scaffolding, tools, equipment, personal protective equipment, etc. shall be OSHA approved for the work to be performed. PROTECTION OF GOVERNMENT PROPERTY During work execution, the Contractor shall take special care to protect Government property including furniture, walls, baseboards, and other surfaces. Accidental splashes shall be removed immediately. Damage resulting from the Contractor operations shall be repaired by the Contractor, including painting, refinishing, or replacement, if necessary, at no additional cost to the Government. The Contractor shall be responsible to meet OSHA/Safety requirements in the performance of the work. This shall include, but not limited to, taking all the necessary precautions to protect the patients, visitors, and/or staff at each location. The Contractor shall be held responsible for any injuries and /or damage, which may be caused as a result of the Contractors failure to adhere to these requirements. DAMAGE Extreme caution shall be exercised to prevent damage to the building and its contents. Any damage shall be reported to the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) immediately for appropriate action. Any damage caused by the contractor shall be repaired and/or replaced to the satisfaction of the VA at the Contractor s expense. UNAUTHORIZED USE OF GOVERNMENT EQUIPMENT The Contractor shall not allow his/her employees, including Subcontractors employees, to open desk drawers, cabinets, or to use office equipment, including the use of non-pay telephones for any purpose other than a local emergency call. The Contractor shall be responsible to provide all necessary equipment, tools, parts, and materials to perform the work. The Government shall not be obligated to provide any equipment, tools, parts, and materials to assist the Contractor in performing the work. SECURITY REQUIREMENTS The Contractor s employees shall wear visible identification and company uniforms, approved by the POC, at all times while on the premises of the VAMC. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. Information on parking is available from the VA Police Section or the POC. The VAMC shall not invalidate or make reimbursement for any parking violations of the Contractor under any conditions. Smoking is prohibited inside any buildings at the VAMC. Possession of weapons is prohibited. Enclosed containers, including tool kits, shall be subject to a search. Violations of VA regulations may result in citations answerable in the United States (Federal) District court, not a local district, state, or municipal court. FACILITY CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS The Contractor shall be required to report to the Grounds Office, Building 107, or the Graphics Center, Building 113 to log in for services performed under this contract. This check-in is mandatory. Upon completion of each service visit, the Contractor shall complete a written report as noted in section 6.0. The Field Service Engineer (FSE) shall also be required to log out with the above or as specified by the COR. ALL reports shall be submitted to the COR for an Acceptance Signature. If the COR is unavailable, a signed, authorized copy of the report shall be sent to the Contractor after the work can be reviewed, if requested or noted on the report. VA Contact Person(s): POC: Grounds Supervisor Alternate POC: Grounds Work Leader Telephone Number & Extension: 414-384-2000 ext 41061 414-384-2000 ext. 41062 BADGES All contractors working at Milwaukee VAMC shall be fingerprinted prior to being allowed to work on campus. The contractor shall submit required paperwork to get all non-badged employees fingerprinted and badged. Contractor ID badges can be obtained from PIV office typically 3-5 days after approved SAC form is received and fingerprints clear. ID badges are required for contractor employees working at VAMC Milwaukee. Contractor Furnish SAC form to each employee and subcontractor employee, regardless of how long they will be on site and even if already badged and have them fill out the form. Blank SAC form is included as appendix to this specification. When form is legibly completed by hand, scan each form with file name as above then dash then employee name (e.g., 08 SAC FORM John Doe). Regarding SSN: last four only. Email form to VA project manager VA and Requestor VA COR signs form, then emails Fingerprinting Office (fingerprinting) and PIV Office (badging) of pending visit from person named, forwarding form as email attachment. Contractor/Requestor visits Fingerprinting/PIV Office, building 70, E-wing south, ground floor. VA Fingerprinting Office will check to ensure proper form was received. VA Processing Fingerprinting begins background check process. Assuming background check allows, then within 3 to 10 business days, VA should send to Contractor/Requestor notice that they may now obtain their Physical Access Control (PAC) badge. VA PIV Office staff take photo and issue PAC badge. Badge Usage Wear badge, readily visible, above waist level, not on head or hard hat, when on grounds doing work. Lanyards and clips are not included but may be purchased at Canteen Store. Superintendent shall inspect personnel badge (should be visible). Badges allow keyless entry into restricted areas. Names, dates, and times of access are recorded by VA Police. Badges will be valid for 90 days. The COR will notify PIV office to extend badge access for another 90 days if appropriate. Badge wearer, not anyone else, must get badge issues taken care of. For example, it is not allowed to hand over badge to superintendent to walk them down to FM or PIV for entering code on back of badge, into SAM box system. Violations may result in suspension or revocation of construction access. REPORT OF SERVICES AND DEFECTIVE EQUIPMENT Upon completion of inspection, any defects of other equipment needing repair or replacement shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) prior to any work being performed outside of the general requirements. IDENTIFICATION, PARKING AND VA REGULATIONS The Contractor's FSEs shall always wear visible identification while on the premises of the VAMC. It is the responsibility of the contractor to obtain and pay for parking. The VAMC does not provide parking. The VAMC shall not invalidate or make reimbursement for parking violations or charges for the Contractor under any conditions. Effective January 1, 2019, smoking is prohibited on the Milwaukee VA Campus. Possession of weapons is prohibited. Enclosed containers, including tool kits, shall be subject to search. Violations of VA regulations may result in citation answerable in the United States (Federal) District Court, not a local district, state, or municipal court. SERVICES NOT COVERED This contract does not include the performance of any work, as determined solely by the VA, required as a result of negligence, accident, vandalism, or damage by work performed by others for which the Contractor is not directly responsible. The contractor shall not supply nor install new attachments as may be recommended or directed by inspection forms or by the State, Municipal, or other Federal Government authorities. Any requested work that is identified as outside the scope of the contract shall be addressed by the facility as a separate procurement. DESIGNATION OF CONTRACT REPRESENTATIVE The VA representative(s) of the Contracting Officer (CO) shall be designated to represent the CO in furnishing technical guidance and advice regarding the work being performed under this contract. The foregoing is not to be construed as authorization to interpret or furnish advice and information to the Contractor relative to the financial or legal aspects of the contract. Enforcement of these segments is vested in and is the sole responsibility of the CO. COMPLIANCE WITH THE ENVIRONMENT OF CARE PROGRAM (SAFETY REGULATIONS) The Contractor shall attend a pre-work orientation meeting prior to the commencement of work on site. The VA shall schedule this meeting, and it shall include discussions of the following topics: (The VA shall provide information to the Contractor regarding these topics and shall document the meeting) Fire and Safety Infection Control Disaster Procedures Security The Contractor shall be responsible to ensure that Contractor employees coming to the work site shall receive the information required above. The Contractor shall be responsible to ensure Contractor employees providing work on this contract are fully trained and completely competent to perform the required work. In performance of this contract, the Contractor shall train its employees to follow the basic VAMC Environment of Care policies/procedures and standard safe work practices and takes safety precautions as the Safety Manager or his designee may determine to be necessary to protect the lives and health of occupants of the building. The CO or his/her designee shall notify the Contractor of any noncompliance, and the Contractor shall immediately correct the conditions to which attention has been directed. Such notice, when served on the Contractor or his representative at the site of the work, shall be deemed sufficient for the purposes aforesaid. If the Contractor fails or refuses to comply promptly, the CO may issue and order the halting of all or part of the work, and the contractor may be held in default. Contractor shall provide to the CO, prior to the contract start date, Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS) for all potentially hazardous materials (lubricants, cleaners, working fluids, etc.) to be used in the facility in the performance of the contract, and shall not use in the facility such materials, which have not been cleared in advance with the VAMC. MSDS for new chemicals shall be furnished concurrently with the arrival of the chemicals on site. Additionally, a copy of all required MSDS shall be maintained at the chemical storage site in a location readily accessible to the VA personnel. Questions and Answers to Solicitation 36C25226Q0228 When is the new Generator going to be replaced at Building 124, that is one identified for ATG testing? [Ladwig, Cherie A.] Â FY28 at the earliest. When is the new Cathodic Protection System going to be installed and will it be impressed current or anodes?Â [Ladwig, Cherie A.] The new system are anodes They would also like the name of the Contractor it was awarded to if possible. [Ladwig, Cherie A.] The vendor for the replacement Â can be found on Sam.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Debbie Bruening
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: debbie.bruening@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this specification. When form is legibly completed by hand, scan each form with file name as above then dash then employee name (e.g., 08 SAC FORM John Doe). Regarding SSN: last four only. Email form to VA project manager VA and Requestor VA COR signs form, then emails Fingerprinting Office (fingerprinting) and PIV Office (badging) of pending visit from person named, forwarding form as email attachment. Contractor/Requestor visits Fingerprinting/PIV Office, building 70, E-wing south, ground floor. VA Fingerprinting Office will check to ensure proper form was received. VA Processing Fingerprinting begins background check process. Assuming background check allows, then within 3 to 10 business days, VA should send to Contractor/Requestor notice that they may now obtain their Physical Access Control (PAC) badge. VA PIV Office staff take photo and issue PAC badge. Badge Usage Wear badge, readily visible, above waist level, not on head or hard hat, when on grounds doing work. Lanyards and clips are not included but may be purchased at Canteen Store. Superintendent shall inspect personnel badge (should be visible). Badges allow keyless entry into restricted areas. Names, dates, and times of access are recorded by VA Police. Badges will be valid for 90 days. The COR will notify PIV office to extend badge access for another 90 days if appropriate. Badge wearer, not anyone else, must get badge issues taken care of. For example, it is not allowed to hand over badge to superintendent to walk them down to FM or PIV for entering code on back of badge, into SAM box system. Violations may result in suspension or revocation of construction access. REPORT OF SERVICES AND DEFECTIVE EQUIPMENT Upon completion of inspection, any defects of other equipment needing repair or replacement shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) prior to any work being performed outside of the general requirements. IDENTIFICATION, PARKING AND VA REGULATIONS The Contractor"s FSEs shall always wear visible identification while on the premises of the VAMC. It is the responsibility of the contractor to obtain and pay for parking. The VAMC does not provide parking. The VAMC shall not invalidate or make reimbursement for parking violations or charges for the Contractor under any conditions. Effective January 1, 2019, smoking is prohibited on the Milwaukee VA Campus. Possession of weapons is prohibited. Enclosed containers, including tool kits, shall be subject to search. Violations of VA regulations may result in citation answerable in the United States (Federal) District Court, not a local district, state, or municipal court. SERVICES NOT COVERED This contract does not include the performance of any work, as determined solely by the VA, required as a result of negligence, accident, vandalism, or damage by work performed by others for which the Contractor is not directly responsible. The contractor shall not supply nor install new attachments as may be recommended or directed by inspection forms or by the State, Municipal, or other Federal Government authorities. Any requested work that is identified as outside the scope of the contract shall be addressed by the facility as a separate procurement. DESIGNATION OF CONTRACT REPRESENTATIVE The VA representative(s) of the Contracting Officer (CO) shall be designated to represent the CO in furnishing technical guidance and advice regarding the work being performed under this contract. The foregoing is not to be construed as authorization to interpret or furnish advice and information to the Contractor relative to the financial or legal aspects of the contract. Enforcement of these segments is vested in and is the sole responsibility of the CO. COMPLIANCE WITH THE ENVIRONMENT OF CARE PROGRAM (SAFETY REGULATIONS) The Contractor shall attend a pre-work orientation meeting prior to the commencement of work on site. The VA shall schedule this meeting, and it shall include discussions of the following topics: (The VA shall provide information to the Contractor regarding these topics and shall document the meeting) Fire and Safety Infection Control Disaster Procedures Security The Contractor shall be responsible to ensure that Contractor employees coming to the work site shall receive the information required above. The Contractor shall be responsible to ensure Contractor employees providing work on this contract are fully trained and completely competent to perform the required work. In performance of this contract, the Contractor shall train its employees to follow the basic VAMC Environment of Care policies/procedures and standard safe work practices and takes safety precautions as the Safety Manager or his designee may determine to be necessary to protect the lives and health of occupants of the building. The CO or his/her designee shall notify the Contractor of any noncompliance, and the Contractor shall immediately correct the conditions to which attention has been directed. Such notice, when served on the Contractor or his representative at the site of the work, shall be deemed sufficient for the purposes aforesaid. If the Contractor fails or refuses to comply promptly, the CO may issue and order the halting of all or part of the work, and the contractor may be held in default. Contractor shall provide to the CO, prior to the contract start date, Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS) for all potentially hazardous materials (lubricants, cleaners, working fluids, etc.) to be used in the facility in the performance of the contract, and shall not use in the facility such materials, which have not been cleared in advance with the VAMC. MSDS for new chemicals shall be furnished concurrently with the arrival of the chemicals on site. Additionally, a copy of all required MSDS shall be maintained at the chemical storage site in a location readily accessible to the VA personnel. Questions and Answers to Solicitation 36C25226Q0228 When is the new Generator going to be replaced at Building 124, that is one identified for ATG testing? [Ladwig, Cherie A.] Â FY28 at the earliest. When is the new Cathodic Protection System going to be installed and will it be impressed current or anodes?Â [Ladwig, Cherie A.] The new system are anodes They would also like the name of the Contractor it was awarded to if possible. [Ladwig, Cherie A.] The vendor for the replacement Â can be found on Sam.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d9cde60ae9cd43129523b40dcae269de/view)