---
layout: default
title: F103--OKC VA Water Testing IDIQ (URGENT RESPONSE REQUIRED) POP: 05/01/26 - 04/30/31
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 721abd815d0840e38a36773988ca197e
---

# F103--OKC VA Water Testing IDIQ (URGENT RESPONSE REQUIRED) POP: 05/01/26 - 04/30/31

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 04:03:46.766-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0434
- Awardee: null

## Summary

*= Required Field Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Page 1 of 22 Page 1 of 14 This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation 36C25926Q0434 is issued as a request for quote (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through FY26.05A 02/27/2026, FAC 2025-06 10/01/2025. No telephone requests will be accepted. Only written requests received directly from the offeror are acceptable. The associated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 541380 Testing Laboratories , with a small business size standard of $19 million. This solicitation is 100% set-aside for SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES (SDVOSBs). CONTRACT TYPE: Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity, pursuant to FAR 16.504, with Firm-Fixed Price Task Orders. Statement of Work WATER TESTING Oklahoma City VA Health Care System GENERAL DESCRIPTION: This Statement of Work pertains to laboratory testing services for water chemistry and biology for the Oklahoma City VA Health Care System (OKC VA HCS). This contract is intended to be an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) format to meet the facilities needs across the health care system. The awardee is not expected to perform work on the VA campuses identified in this SOW; the contractor will provide the proper materials and laboratory services. Note: If clarifications are needed concerning the specific scope, expectations, or format of this document, inquiries should be promptly sent to the Contract Officer who issued the Sources Sought/Solicitation. TASK ORDER MINIMUMS & MAXIMUMS: The contractor shall be issued an indefinite number of task orders once the contract s prices are negotiated for the individual line items established with the awardee. The guaranteed minimum compensation that the awarded contract shall receive during the IDIQ agreement s duration is $50,000.00. There is no task order (or delivery order) maximum or minimum, and task orders can be issued unilaterally by the VA without bilateral signature. BID EXPLANATION: The contractor shall provide individual cost line-item breakouts for the following services of indefinite quantity outlined on the Excel attachment for desired laboratory services and tests. To compare like-to-like bids for lowest total price, the contractor will submit an itemized fixed price bid for each desired service line item with an unspecified quantity; this will allow for fair comparison between offerors. CONTRACT ORDERING PERIODS: Base Period 1: 1-MAY-2026 to 30-APR-2027 Option Period 2: 1- MAY-2027 to 30- APR-2028 Option Period 3 :1- MAY-2028 to 30- APR-2029 Option Period 4: 1- MAY-2029 to 30- APR-2030 Option Period 5: 1- MAY-2030 to 30- APR-2031 LOCATION: Department of Veterans Affairs Oklahoma City VA Health Care System, Oklahoma City VA Medical Center, 921 NE 13th St. Oklahoma City, OK 73014 CONTRACTING OFFICER REPRESENTATIVE (COR): The Contractor shall not accept any instructions impacting costs issued by any other person(s) other than the Contracting Officer. The Government may appoint a COR. If so, a Delegation of Authority letter will be forwarded to the using service and the Contractor after the contract has been signed. The Delegation of Authority will identify the individual(s) as the COR(s). A COR is someone that is designated and authorized in writing (Delegation of Authority) by the Contracting Officer to perform specific technical or administrative duties. The COR is not authorized to grant permission(s) to change the scope of the project. The COR assigned for this contract will ensure that the supplies/services provided by this company are received based on the contractual terms and conditions. Finally, the COR will ensure that invoices are received and paid on time. If a COR is not appointed, a local facility technical representative will be appointed to assist in the coordination and scheduling of the contractually obligated services. Primary Point of Contact Primary COR Joseph Jennings Phone: 405-456-3071 & 405-537-7372 E-mail: Adam.Cline@va.gov Secondary Point of Contact Alternate COR Josiah D. Curley Phone: 405-456-5372 & 918-581-4171 E-mail: Josiah.Curley@va.gov FACILITY DELIVERY ADDRESSES: During the life of this contract, the contractor will be required to submit testing data and reports to several recipients throughout the ordering periods and task orders. This distro list will only be adjusted by the written request of the Primary COR or Alternate COR. SPS Parcels shall be marked to the attention of the Infectious Control Office Legionella Parcels shall be marked to the attention of Safety Office Cooling Towers Parcels shall be marked to the attention of Engineering Office REQUIRED LABORATORY CERTIFICATIONS & COMPETENCIES: The contracted laboratory that processes water samples for microbiological testing must be accredited by a recognized regional, national or international accrediting body as follows: In accordance with a laboratory accreditation standard (e.g., ISO/IEC 17025: 2017, General Requirements for the Competence of Testing and Calibration Laboratories). Examples of such accrediting bodies include the National Environmental Laboratory Accreditation Program (NELAP); the American Association for Laboratory Accreditation (A2LA); and the Environmental Microbiology Laboratory Accreditation Program (EMLAP). Include Legionella testing method(s) that will be used on facility water samples in the 2) laboratory s scope of accreditation, as documented on the laboratory s accreditation certificate. Laboratories must demonstrate proficiency by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Environmental Legionella Isolation Techniques Evaluation (ELITE) program or the Public Health England (PHE) Legionella External Quality Assessment (EQA) scheme at performing the culture of Legionella from environmental samples. Information about the CDC ELITE program and a listing of laboratories that are ELITE members can be found at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/elite/public/elitehome.aspx. The contracted laboratory must be able to determine if the Legionella detected by culture in environmental samples is the species Legionella pneumophila and if it is L. pneumophila serogroup 1. The laboratory must demonstrate five consecutive years of competency and capability for accurately testing and reporting each of the water quality measurements below listed in tables 2, 4 and 6. SERVICES: The contractor shall provide professional laboratory services that encompass the tests outlined in ANSI/AAMI ST108:2023, VHA Directive 1061, and ES-2019-001 Cooling Tower Water Systems (copies of the referenced documents should be available for contractors to view under the solicitation s supporting materials). The contractor shall complete the scopes of work itemized on the CLIN spreadsheet as described in the descriptions. For deliverables including Excel spreadsheets, these spreadsheets must be fully completed on each of the data columns. Also, the awarded contractor must ensure that all specific formatting requirements are adjusted to allow for data upload into the VA s Water Safety Management Tool (WSMT) database for compliance with no additional edits upon receipt from the laboratory. The contractor shall ensure that all necessary sampling materials and equipment are mobilized well in advance to ensure that each service items (monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, annual tests, and retest, when applicable) are able to be performed by on-site VA staff during the week of the second Monday of the scheduled month which shall be January, April, July, and October, excluding cooling tower frequencies which will depend on operational variations. The contractor shall be responsible for ensuring that any samples collected are not compromised en route to the laboratory due to extended shipping time or temperature factors. The laboratory shall confirm receipt of any shipped samples from the three VA sites listed via email correspondence to the COR/TR assigned to manage the services contained within this contract s scope of work. Samples shall not exceed the 24-hour collection-to-processing timeframe for ensuring data reliability. Each type of test service shall have separate distinguishable labeling to clearly identify which tests the materials are intended; plus, each type of test shall be mailed separately in a parcel. The contractor must ensure that all testing deliverables are received back to the VA points of contact within 15 days of receipt of the samples back to the laboratory (provided no delays occur as the result of the VA). Furthermore, laboratory results shall be disseminated via email to the distribution list as specified by the VA throughout the contracts life. The results and reports shall be disseminated by one (and only one) email address from the awarded contractor to ensure consistency in the data delivery method. All sample bottles must be labeled with unique identifiers to ensure that no mismatching occurs during the collection process by VA staff at the medical facility. DELIVERABLES REQUIREMENTS: The contractor shall adhere to the following nomenclature for digital deliverables (note that the government s fiscal years begin Oct. 1st and end Sep. 30th. Excel files must adhere to the turnkey data formatting entry requirements of the VA s Water Safety Management System database for tracking legionella data, remediation, and history across the VA (again, turkey upload into the WSMT database). All reported data values shall have no less than two significant digits on any data value or else the value must indicate greater than or less than the reported threshold. PDFs Date (in year, month, date) + Campus (Oklahoma City) + Quarter (Q1/2/3) + Sample type (Legionella, SPS, HPC, or Cooling Towers) + Report Type (Initial, Final, Retest) (plus signs omitted e.g., 19NOV2025_Oklahoma City_Q1_Legionella_Initial ) Excel Files _ Date (in year, month, date) + Campus (Oklahoma City) + Quarter (Q1/2/3) + Sample type (Legionella, SPS, HPC, or Cooling Towers) + Report Type (Initial, Final, Retest) + Spreadsheet (plus signs omitted e.g., 19NOV2025_Oklahoma City_Q1_Legionella_Initial Spreadsheet ) CONTRACTUAL REQUIREMENTS AND PERFORMANCE CRITERIA: The contractor personnel shall report to VA personnel listed in the contacts list to sign- in every time work is being performed on site. The contractor personnel shall report to VA personnel listed in the contacts list to sign-out before departing the VA facility at the end of each week. The contractor personnel shall wear an identification badge provided by VA when working under the resulting contract on Federal property. The general contractor (not agents thereof) shall be required to have an on-site representative while contractor personnel are performing work. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS: All contractors performing work on our VA property on a recurring basis longer than 180 days must be vetted by Personal Identification Verification (PIV) badging. There will be a cost associated ($75.00) with this application requiring a background check for which contractors should account when submitting any formal bids. All contractors must complete and submit a quality assurance surveillance plan. The prime contractor shall provide documentation for all service actions received at the VA Health Care System after inspection and assessment work is completed. A summary of service provided shall be emailed to the COR for documentation and service our tracking. All work shall be done safely and in accordance with OSHA Regulations, VA Directives, and the State of Oklahoma Regulations. The contractor is responsible for ensuring that workplace safety regulations (i.e. OSHA) are always adhered to and that a clean, non-cluttered workspace is maintained upon completion of any installation and maintenance work. At no time will contractors leave left-over equipment on location when work being performed is not continual 24-hour work unless the Department of Veteran Affairs Personnel has given written permission to the contractor to do so. The vendor will provide a general schedule of any proposed inspection and assessment work on the medical gas systems and list of calendar days where the contractor s qualified technician will be on-site to perform work within five (5) days of the start of the contract s performance period. The maintenance schedules must also be approved by the VA Health Care System s Engineering Services department. Prior to the start of the contracting period, the primary contractor will be required to meet with the COR five (5) days prior to the beginning of the contract to hold an award kickoff meeting to discuss the contents contained within this document to ensure that questions, concerns, and expectations are brought up prior to the start of work to remove any contractual ambiguity during the performance period with the VA. The contractor s personnel, while on VA property, shall adhere to all requirements and regulations that govern the VA Health Care System and its property. Among all other requirements, the VA Health Care System and its property is now entirely smoke-free. No weapons are permitted on the premises. All work will be done safely and in accordance with OSHA Regulations, VHA Directives, State of Oklahoma Regulations, and local medical center policies as well as local procedures (e.g., ICRA/PCRA). The contractor will be responsible for ensuring that workplace safety regulations are always followed and that a clean, non-cluttered workspace is maintained upon completion of any installation and maintenance work No weapons are permitted on the premises. The contractor and their personnel shall always wear visible identification while they are on premises. VA does not provide parking spaces at the work site; the Contractor must obtain parking at the work site if needed. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. The contractor shall take all reasonable precautions necessary to protect people and property from injury or damage during the performance of this contract. NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION (NARA) RECORDS MANAGEMENT LANGUAGE FOR CONTRACTS: Citations to pertinent laws, codes, and regulations such as 44 U.S.C. Chapter 21, 29, 31 and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. The contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. The contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverables that contain information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. The contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. The contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. The contractor agrees to comply with federal and agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [email, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. 36C26321P0052 No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the contracting officer. The agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. The contractor is required to obtain the contracting officer's approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under or relating to this contract. The contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by government and agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information. SECURITY REQUIREMENTS Background investigations and special agreement checks: All contractor personnel working on VA property consistently for greater than 180 days are subject to the same level of investigation as VA employees who have access to VA Sensitive Information and will be required to obtain a PIV badge. The level of background investigation commensurate with the level of access needed to perform the statement of work is PIV badging. This requirement is applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. Following contract award, the Contracting Officer will provide the Contractor with forms to complete and guidance regarding the background process. The Contractor shall follow all VA rules and regulations regarding information security to prevent disclosure of sensitive information to unauthorized individuals or organizations. The Contractor may have access to Protected Health Information (PHI) and Electronic Protected Health Information (EPHI) that is subject to protection under the regulations issued by the Department of Health and Human Services, as mandated by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA); 45 CFR Parts 160 and 164, Subparts A and E, the Standards for Privacy of Individually Identifiable Health Information ( Privacy Rule ); and 45 CFR Parts 160 and 164, Subparts A and C, the Security Standard ( Security Rule ). Pursuant to the Privacy and Security Rules, the Contractor must agree in writing to certain mandatory provisions regarding the use and disclosure of PHI and EPHI. The Contractor shall have access to some privileged and confidential materials of VA. These printed and electronic documents are for internal use only, are not to be copied or released without permission, and remain the sole property of VA. Some of these materials are protected by the Privacy Act of 1974 (revised by PL 93-5791) and Title 38. Unauthorized disclosure of Privacy Act or Title 38 covered materials is a criminal offense. The Contracting Officer (CO) shall be the sole authorized official to release in writing, any data, draft deliverables, final deliverables, or any other written or printed materials pertaining to this contract. The Contractor shall release no information. Any request for information relating to this contract presented to the Contractor shall be submitted to the CO for response. Contractor personnel recognize that in the performance of this effort, Contractor personnel may receive or have access to sensitive information, including information provided on a proprietary basis by carriers, equipment manufacturers and other private or public entities. Contractor personnel agree to safeguard such information and use the information exclusively in the performance of this contract. Contractor shall follow all VA rules and regulations regarding information security to prevent disclosure of sensitive information to unauthorized individuals or organizations as enumerated in this section and elsewhere in this Contract and its subparts and appendices. Contractor shall limit access to the minimum number of personnel necessary for contract performance for all information considered sensitive or proprietary in nature. If the Contractor is uncertain of the sensitivity of any information obtained during the performance this contract, the Contractor has a responsibility to ask the CO. Contractor shall train all their employees involved in the performance of this contract on their roles and responsibilities for proper handling and nondisclosure of sensitive VA or proprietary information. Contractor personnel shall not engage in any other action, venture or employment wherein sensitive information shall be used for the profit of any party other than those furnishing the information. The sensitive information transferred, generated, transmitted, or stored herein is for VA benefit and ownership alone. All terminated personnel are denied physical and electronic access to all data, program listings, data processing equipment and systems. CHANGES TO CONTRACT Only those services specified herein are authorized. Before performing any service of a non-contractual nature, Contractor shall contact the COR and Contracting Officer and identify the reason(s) for the additional work and/or service. All changes shall have prior written authorization from a VA Contracting Officer in the form of a written modification. GRAY MARKET PREVENTION LANGUAGE Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) goods sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for a services contract for maintenance of medical equipment for VA Health Care Systems. No remanufactures or gray market items will be acceptable. The Contractor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor, or authorized reseller for the proposed medical supplies, medical equipment, and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts), verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. The delivery of gray market items to the VA in the fulfillment of an order/award/contract constitutes a breach of contract. Accordingly, VA reserves the right enforce any of its contractual remedies. This includes termination of the contract or, solely at VA s election, allowing the Contractor to replace, at no cost to the Government, any remanufactured or gray market item(s) delivered to a VA Health Care System upon discovery of such items. SERVICE CONTRACT LABOR STANDARDS REQUIREMENTS Contractor shall provide hourly wages in accordance with U.S. Department of Labor (USDOL) Wage Determinations and FAR Subpart 22.10 (Service Contract Labor Standards); USDOL Wage Determinations are attached in Section D below and updated versions will be attached as part of option year exercises or task orders issued against IDIQ contract or BPA as applicable. F or guidance on Service Contract Labor Standards and to find the nearest USDOL resource, please refer to https://www.dol.gov/whd/local/index.htm. The provision at FAR 52.212-1, INSTRUCTION TO OFFERORS -- COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (SEP 2023), applies to this acquisition with the following addendum: FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management (NOV 2024); FAR 52.204-16, Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (AUG 2020); FAR 52.216-1, Type of Contract (APR 1984): The government anticipates the awarding of a single firm-fixed price definitized contract to fulfill this requirement. The provision at FAR 52.212-2, EVALUATION -- COMMERCIAL ITEMS (NOV 2021), applies to this acquisition. (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Contract award will be made based on the solicitation response that represents the best value to the Government using a Contracting Officer s Comparative Analysis. Since the Contracting Officer is considering price and other factors, the CO may award to other than the lowest-priced offer. The information below explains the evaluation approach: The Contracting Officer will make a comparative analysis of all offers against the solicitation, using the following factors to decide which offer(s) represent the best value to the Government: Factor 1: Technical Ability The offer shall be evaluated on the conformance to the requirements listed in the Statement of Work. The offeror shall submit a technical narrative, that describes the means and methods of successfully performing all work detailed in the SOW, to include the personnel being proposed to perform the work. Narrative should demonstrate that offeror possesses a clear understanding of the requirements in the SOW. Any training certifications for the repair of said equipment should be provided with quote. Factor 2: Past Performance Offeror shall provide no more than three references of relatively the same size and complexity. References shall include the following information for each contract: Name and address of contracting activity (company name), contract number, type of contract, total contract amount, and status, date of award and completion, description and location of contract work, list of major subcontractors if any, Contracting Officer or individual responsible for signing the contract, and their telephone and fax number, and the COR s/Primary POC s name, telephone and fax numbers. References that do not include all requested information will not be considered. Offerors may provide information on problems encountered on identified contracts and the offeror s corrective action. Searches in CPARS (Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System), as well as Past Performance Questionnaires may be utilized. Factor 3: Price Offerors shall provide one fully completed copy of the attached Price Schedule Spreadsheet. Proposed prices will be evaluated for realism and reasonableness. Factor 4: Subcontracting Compliance Offerors shall comply with this factor by including one completed copy of VAAR 852.219-75, the VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting - Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction with the Technical portion of their response. Offerors must also include the following information in writing: Whether subcontractor(s) will be used to complete any portion of the contract, and what portion of the work will be performed by said subcontractor(s). Applicable NAICS and size standard for subcontractor(s) The Comparative Analysis method will be used to evaluate offers. Offers will be evaluated to determine which offer provides the overall best value to the Government, all factors considered. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of Provision) A completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3, OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (MAY 2024) shall be submitted with the offer. The clause at FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Services (NOV 2023), applies to this acquisition, with the following addendum: FAR 52.204-9, Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (JAN 2011); FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018); FAR 52.204-18, Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (AUG 2020); FAR 52.216-19, Order LimitationsÂ (Oct 1995) (a)Â Minimum order. When the Government requiresÂ suppliesÂ or services covered by this contract in an amount of less thanÂ $50,000.00, the Government is not obligated to purchase, nor is the Contractor obligated to furnish, thoseÂ suppliesÂ or services under the contract. (b)Â Maximum order. The Contractor is not obligated to honor- (1)Â Any order for a single item in excess ofÂ $100,000; (2)Â Any order for a combination of items in excess ofÂ $350,000; or (3)Â A series of orders from the same ordering office withinÂ 60 days that together call for quantities exceeding the limitation in paragraph (b)(1) or (2) of this section. (c)Â If this is a requirements contract (i.e.,Â includes the Requirements clause at subsectionÂ 52.216-21Â of the FederalÂ AcquisitionÂ Regulation (FAR)), the Government is not required to order a part of any one requirement from the Contractor if that requirement exceeds the maximum-order limitations in paragraph (b) of this section. (d)Â Notwithstanding paragraphs (b) and (c) of this section, the ContractorÂ shallÂ honor any order exceeding the maximum order limitations in paragraph (b), unless that order (or orders) is returned to the ordering office withinÂ 5 days after issuance, with written notice stating the Contractor s intent not to ship the item (or items) called for and the reasons. Upon receiving this notice, the GovernmentÂ mayÂ acquire theÂ suppliesÂ or services from another source. (End of clause) FAR 52.216-22, Indefinite QuantityÂ (Oct 1995) (a)Â This is an indefinite-quantity contract for theÂ suppliesÂ or services specified, and effective for the period stated, in the Schedule. The quantities ofÂ suppliesÂ and services specified in the Schedule are estimates only and are not purchased by this contract. (b)Â Delivery or performanceÂ shallÂ be made only as authorized by orders issued in accordance with the Ordering clause. The ContractorÂ shallÂ furnish to the Government, when and if ordered, theÂ suppliesÂ or services specified in the Schedule up to and including the quantity designated in the Schedule as the "maximum." The GovernmentÂ shallÂ order at least the quantity ofÂ suppliesÂ or services designated in the Schedule as the "minimum." (c)Â Except for any limitations on quantities in the Order Limitations clause or in the Schedule, there is no limit on the number of orders thatÂ mayÂ be issued. The GovernmentÂ mayÂ issue orders requiring delivery to multiple destinations or performance at multiple locations. (d)Â Any order issued during the effective period of this contract and not completed within that periodÂ shallÂ be completed by the Contractor within the time specified in the order. The contractÂ shallÂ govern the Contractor s and Government s rights and obligations with respect to that order to the same extent as if the order were completed during the contract s effective period;Â provided, that the ContractorÂ shallÂ not be required to make any deliveries under this contract afterÂ April...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shanta Harrison
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Shanta.Harrison@va.gov
  - Phone: (303) 712-5719

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: desired laboratory services and tests. To compare like-to-like bids for lowest total price, the contractor will submit an itemized fixed price bid for each desired service line item with an unspecified quantity; this will allow for fair comparison between offerors. CONTRACT ORDERING PERIODS: Base Period 1: 1-MAY-2026 to 30-APR-2027 Option Period 2: 1- MAY-2027 to 30- APR-2028 Option Period 3 :1- MAY-2028 to 30- APR-2029 Option Period 4: 1- MAY-2029 to 30- APR-2030 Option Period 5: 1- MAY-2030 to 30- APR-2031 LOCATION: Department of Veterans Affairs Oklahoma City VA Health Care System, Oklahoma City VA Medical Center, 921 NE 13th St. Oklahoma City, OK 73014 CONTRACTING OFFICER REPRESENTATIVE (COR): The Contractor shall not accept any instructions impacting costs issued by any other person(s) other than the Contracting Officer. The Government may appoint a COR. If so, a Delegation of Authority letter will be forwarded to the using service and the Contractor after the contract has been signed. The Delegation of Authority will identify the individual(s) as the COR(s). A COR is someone that is designated and authorized in writing (Delegation of Authority) by the Contracting Officer to perform specific technical or administrative duties. The COR is not authorized to grant permission(s) to change the scope of the project. The COR assigned for this contract will ensure that the supplies/services provided by this company are received based on the contractual terms and conditions. Finally, the COR will ensure that invoices are received and paid on time. If a COR is not appointed, a local facility technical representative will be appointed to assist in the coordination and scheduling of the contractually obligated services. Primary Point of Contact Primary COR Joseph Jennings Phone: 405-456-3071 & 405-537-7372 E-mail: Adam.Cline@va.gov Secondary Point of Contact Alternate COR Josiah D. Curley Phone: 405-456-5372 & 918-581-4171 E-mail: Josiah.Curley@va.gov FACILITY DELIVERY ADDRESSES: During the life of this contract, the contractor will be required to submit testing data and reports to several recipients throughout the ordering periods and task orders. This distro list will only be adjusted by the written request of the Primary COR or Alternate COR. SPS Parcels shall be marked to the attention of the Infectious Control Office Legionella Parcels shall be marked to the attention of Safety Office Cooling Towers Parcels shall be marked to the attention of Engineering Office REQUIRED LABORATORY CERTIFICATIONS & COMPETENCIES: The contracted laboratory that processes water samples for microbiological testing must be accredited by a recognized regional, national or international accrediting body as follows: In accordance with a laboratory accreditation standard (e.g., ISO/IEC 17025: 2017, General Requirements for the Competence of Testing and Calibration Laboratories). Examples of such accrediting bodies include the National Environmental Laboratory Accreditation Program (NELAP); the American Association for Laboratory Accreditation (A2LA); and the Environmental Microbiology Laboratory Accreditation Program (EMLAP). Include Legionella testing method(s) that will be used on facility water samples in the 2) laboratory s scope of accreditation, as documented on the laboratory s accreditation certificate. Laboratories must demonstrate proficiency by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Environmental Legionella Isolation Techniques Evaluation (ELITE) program or the Public Health England (PHE) Legionella External Quality Assessment (EQA) scheme at performing the culture of Legionella from environmental samples. Information about the CDC ELITE program and a listing of laboratories that are ELITE members can be found at https://wwwn.cdc.gov/elite/public/elitehome.aspx. The contracted laboratory must be able to determine if the Legionella detected by culture in environmental samples is the species Legionella pneumophila and if it is L. pneumophila serogroup 1. The laboratory must demonstrate five consecutive years of competency and capability for accurately testing and reporting each of the water quality measurements below listed in tables 2, 4 and 6. SERVICES: The contractor shall provide professional laboratory services that encompass the tests outlined in ANSI/AAMI ST108:2023, VHA Directive 1061, and ES-2019-001 Cooling Tower Water Systems (copies of the referenced documents should be available for contractors to view under the solicitation s supporting materials). The contractor shall complete the scopes of work itemized on the CLIN spreadsheet as described in the descriptions. For deliverables including Excel spreadsheets, these spreadsheets must be fully completed on each of the data columns. Also, the awarded contractor must ensure that all specific formatting requirements are adjusted to allow for data upload into the VA s Water Safety Management Tool (WSMT) database for compliance with no additional edits upon receipt from the laboratory. The contractor shall ensure that all necessary sampling materials and equipment are mobilized well in advance to ensure that each service items (monthly, quarterly, semi-annual, annual tests, and retest, when applicable) are able to be performed by on-site VA staff during the week of the second Monday of the scheduled month which shall be January, April, July, and October, excluding cooling tower frequencies which will depend on operational variations. The contractor shall be responsible for ensuring that any samples collected are not compromised en route to the laboratory due to extended shipping time or temperature factors. The laboratory shall confirm receipt of any shipped samples from the three VA sites listed via email correspondence to the COR/TR assigned to manage the services contained within this contract s scope of work. Samples shall not exceed the 24-hour collection-to-processing timeframe for ensuring data reliability. Each type of test service shall have separate distinguishable labeling to clearly identify which tests the materials are intended; plus, each type of test shall be mailed separately in a parcel. The contractor must ensure that all testing deliverables are received back to the VA points of contact within 15 days of receipt of the samples back to the laboratory (provided no delays occur as the result of the VA). Furthermore, laboratory results shall be disseminated via email to the distribution list as specified by the VA throughout the contracts life. The results and reports shall be disseminated by one (and only one) email address from the awarded contractor to ensure consistency in the data delivery method. All sample bottles must be labeled with unique identifiers to ensure that no mismatching occurs during the collection process by VA staff at the medical facility. DELIVERABLES REQUIREMENTS: The contractor shall adhere to the following nomenclature for digital deliverables (note that the government s fiscal years begin Oct. 1st and end Sep. 30th. Excel files must adhere to the turnkey data formatting entry requirements of the VA s Water Safety Management System database for tracking legionella data, remediation, and history across the VA (again, turkey upload into the WSMT database). All reported data values shall have no less than two significant digits on any data value or else the value must indicate greater than or less than the reported threshold. PDFs Date (in year, month, date) + Campus (Oklahoma City) + Quarter (Q1/2/3) + Sample type (Legionella, SPS, HPC, or Cooling Towers) + Report Type (Initial, Final, Retest) (plus signs omitted e.g., 19NOV2025_Oklahoma City_Q1_Legionella_Initial ) Excel Files _ Date (in year, month, date) + Campus (Oklahoma City) + Quarter (Q1/2/3) + Sample type (Legionella, SPS, HPC, or Cooling Towers) + Report Type (Initial, Final, Retest) + Spreadsheet (plus signs omitted e.g., 19NOV2025_Oklahoma City_Q1_Legionella_Initial Spreadsheet ) CONTRACTUAL REQUIREMENTS AND PERFORMANCE CRITERIA: The contractor personnel shall report to VA personnel listed in the contacts list to sign- in every time work is being performed on site. The contractor personnel shall report to VA personnel listed in the contacts list to sign-out before departing the VA facility at the end of each week. The contractor personnel shall wear an identification badge provided by VA when working under the resulting contract on Federal property. The general contractor (not agents thereof) shall be required to have an on-site representative while contractor personnel are performing work. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS: All contractors performing work on our VA property on a recurring basis longer than 180 days must be vetted by Personal Identification Verification (PIV) badging. There will be a cost associated ($75.00) with this application requiring a background check for which contractors should account when submitting any formal bids. All contractors must complete and submit a quality assurance surveillance plan. The prime contractor shall provide documentation for all service actions received at the VA Health Care System after inspection and assessment work is completed. A summary of service provided shall be emailed to the COR for documentation and service our tracking. All work shall be done safely and in accordance with OSHA Regulations, VA Directives, and the State of Oklahoma Regulations. The contractor is responsible for ensuring that workplace safety regulations (i.e. OSHA) are always adhered to and that a clean, non-cluttered workspace is maintained upon completion of any installation and maintenance work. At no time will contractors leave left-over equipment on location when work being performed is not continual 24-hour work unless the Department of Veteran Affairs Personnel has given written permission to the contractor to do so. The vendor will provide a general schedule of any proposed inspection and assessment work on the medical gas systems and list of calendar days where the contractor s qualified technician will be on-site to perform work within five (5) days of the start of the contract s performance period. The maintenance schedules must also be approved by the VA Health Care System s Engineering Services department. Prior to the start of the contracting period, the primary contractor will be required to meet with the COR five (5) days prior to the beginning of the contract to hold an award kickoff meeting to discuss the contents contained within this document to ensure that questions, concerns, and expectations are brought up prior to the start of work to remove any contractual ambiguity during the performance period with the VA. The contractor s personnel, while on VA property, shall adhere to all requirements and regulations that govern the VA Health Care System and its property. Among all other requirements, the VA Health Care System and its property is now entirely smoke-free. No weapons are permitted on the premises. All work will be done safely and in accordance with OSHA Regulations, VHA Directives, State of Oklahoma Regulations, and local medical center policies as well as local procedures (e.g., ICRA/PCRA). The contractor will be responsible for ensuring that workplace safety regulations are always followed and that a clean, non-cluttered workspace is maintained upon completion of any installation and maintenance work No weapons are permitted on the premises. The contractor and their personnel shall always wear visible identification while they are on premises. VA does not provide parking spaces at the work site; the Contractor must obtain parking at the work site if needed. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. The contractor shall take all reasonable precautions necessary to protect people and property from injury or damage during the performance of this contract. NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION (NARA) RECORDS MANAGEMENT LANGUAGE FOR CONTRACTS: Citations to pertinent laws, codes, and regulations such as 44 U.S.C. Chapter 21, 29, 31 and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. The contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. The contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverables that contain information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. The contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. The contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. The contractor agrees to comply with federal and agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [email, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. 36C26321P0052 No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the contracting officer. The agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. The contractor is required to obtain the contracting officer"s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under or relating to this contract. The contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by government and agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information. SECURITY REQUIREMENTS Background investigations and special agreement checks: All contractor personnel working on VA property consistently for greater than 180 days are subject to the same level of investigation as VA employees who have access to VA Sensitive Information and will be required to obtain a PIV badge. The level of background investigation commensurate with the level of access needed to perform the statement of work is PIV badging. This requirement is applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. Following contract award, the Contracting Officer will provide the Contractor with forms to complete and guidance regarding the background process. The Contractor shall follow all VA rules and regulations regarding information security to prevent disclosure of sensitive information to unauthorized individuals or organizations. The Contractor may have access to Protected Health Information (PHI) and Electronic Protected Health Information (EPHI) that is subject to protection under the regulations issued by the Department of Health and Human Services, as mandated by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA); 45 CFR Parts 160 and 164, Subparts A and E, the Standards for Privacy of Individually Identifiable Health Information ( Privacy Rule ); and 45 CFR Parts 160 and 164, Subparts A and C, the Security Standard ( Security Rule ). Pursuant to the Privacy and Security Rules, the Contractor must agree in writing to certain mandatory provisions regarding the use and disclosure of PHI and EPHI. The Contractor shall have access to some privileged and confidential materials of VA. These printed and electronic documents are for internal use only, are not to be copied or released without permission, and remain the sole property of VA. Some of these materials are protected by the Privacy Act of 1974 (revised by PL 93-5791) and Title 38. Unauthorized disclosure of Privacy Act or Title 38 covered materials is a criminal offense. The Contracting Officer (CO) shall be the sole authorized official to release in writing, any data, draft deliverables, final deliverables, or any other written or printed materials pertaining to this contract. The Contractor shall release no information. Any request for information relating to this contract presented to the Contractor shall be submitted to the CO for response. Contractor personnel recognize that in the performance of this effort, Contractor personnel may receive or have access to sensitive information, including information provided on a proprietary basis by carriers, equipment manufacturers and other private or public entities. Contractor personnel agree to safeguard such information and use the information exclusively in the performance of this contract. Contractor shall follow all VA rules and regulations regarding information security to prevent disclosure of sensitive information to unauthorized individuals or organizations as enumerated in this section and elsewhere in this Contract and its subparts and appendices. Contractor shall limit access to the minimum number of personnel necessary for contract performance for all information considered sensitive or proprietary in nature. If the Contractor is uncertain of the sensitivity of any information obtained during the performance this contract, the Contractor has a responsibility to ask the CO. Contractor shall train all their employees involved in the performance of this contract on their roles and responsibilities for proper handling and nondisclosure of sensitive VA or proprietary information. Contractor personnel shall not engage in any other action, venture or employment wherein sensitive information shall be used for the profit of any party other than those furnishing the information. The sensitive information transferred, generated, transmitted, or stored herein is for VA benefit and ownership alone. All terminated personnel are denied physical and electronic access to all data, program listings, data processing equipment and systems. CHANGES TO CONTRACT Only those services specified herein are authorized. Before performing any service of a non-contractual nature, Contractor shall contact the COR and Contracting Officer and identify the reason(s) for the additional work and/or service. All changes shall have prior written authorization from a VA Contracting Officer in the form of a written modification. GRAY MARKET PREVENTION LANGUAGE Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) goods sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for a services contract for maintenance of medical equipment for VA Health Care Systems. No remanufactures or gray market items will be acceptable. The Contractor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor, or authorized reseller for the proposed medical supplies, medical equipment, and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts), verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. The delivery of gray market items to the VA in the fulfillment of an order/award/contract constitutes a breach of contract. Accordingly, VA reserves the right enforce any of its contractual remedies. This includes termination of the contract or, solely at VA s election, allowing the Contractor to replace, at no cost to the Government, any remanufactured or gray market item(s) delivered to a VA Health Care System upon discovery of such items. SERVICE CONTRACT LABOR STANDARDS REQUIREMENTS Contractor shall provide hourly wages in accordance with U.S. Department of Labor (USDOL) Wage Determinations and FAR Subpart 22.10 (Service Contract Labor Standards); USDOL Wage Determinations are attached in Section D below and updated versions will be attached as part of option year exercises or task orders issued against IDIQ contract or BPA as applicable. F or guidance on Service Contract Labor Standards and to find the nearest USDOL resource, please refer to https://www.dol.gov/whd/local/index.htm. The provision at FAR 52.212-1, INSTRUCTION TO OFFERORS -- COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (SEP 2023), applies to this acquisition with the following addendum: FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management (NOV 2024); FAR 52.204-16, Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (AUG 2020); FAR 52.216-1, Type of Contract (APR 1984): The government anticipates the awarding of a single firm-fixed price definitized contract to fulfill this requirement. The provision at FAR 52.212-2, EVALUATION -- COMMERCIAL ITEMS (NOV 2021), applies to this acquisition. (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Contract award will be made based on the solicitation response that represents the best value to the Government using a Contracting Officer s Comparative Analysis. Since the Contracting Officer is considering price and other factors, the CO may award to other than the lowest-priced offer. The information below explains the evaluation approach: The Contracting Officer will make a comparative analysis of all offers against the solicitation, using the following factors to decide which offer(s) represent the best value to the Government: Factor 1: Technical Ability The offer shall be evaluated on the conformance to the requirements listed in the Statement of Work. The offeror shall submit a technical narrative, that describes the means and methods of successfully performing all work detailed in the SOW, to include the personnel being proposed to perform the work. Narrative should demonstrate that offeror possesses a clear understanding of the requirements in the SOW. Any training certifications for the repair of said equipment should be provided with quote. Factor 2: Past Performance Offeror shall provide no more than three references of relatively the same size and complexity. References shall include the following information for each contract: Name and address of contracting activity (company name), contract number, type of contract, total contract amount, and status, date of award and completion, description and location of contract work, list of major subcontractors if any, Contracting Officer or individual responsible for signing the contract, and their telephone and fax number, and the COR s/Primary POC s name, telephone and fax numbers. References that do not include all requested information will not be considered. Offerors may provide information on problems encountered on identified contracts and the offeror s corrective action. Searches in CPARS (Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System), as well as Past Performance Questionnaires may be utilized. Factor 3: Price Offerors shall provide one fully completed copy of the attached Price Schedule Spreadsheet. Proposed prices will be evaluated for realism and reasonableness. Factor 4: Subcontracting Compliance Offerors shall comply with this factor by including one completed copy of VAAR 852.219-75, the VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting - Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction with the Technical portion of their response. Offerors must also include the following information in writing: Whether subcontractor(s) will be used to complete any portion of the contract, and what portion of the work will be performed by said subcontractor(s). Applicable NAICS and size standard for subcontractor(s) The Comparative Analysis method will be used to evaluate offers. Offers will be evaluated to determine which offer provides the overall best value to the Government, all factors considered. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of Provision) A completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3, OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (MAY 2024) shall be submitted with the offer. The clause at FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Services (NOV 2023), applies to this acquisition, with the following addendum: FAR 52.204-9, Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (JAN 2011); FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018); FAR 52.204-18, Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (AUG 2020); FAR 52.216-19, Order LimitationsÂ (Oct 1995) (a)Â Minimum order. When the Government requiresÂ suppliesÂ or services covered by this contract in an amount of less thanÂ $50,000.00, the Government is not obligated to purchase, nor is the Contractor obligated to furnish, thoseÂ suppliesÂ or services under the contract. (b)Â Maximum order. The Contractor is not obligated to honor- (1)Â Any order for a single item in excess ofÂ $100,000; (2)Â Any order for a combination of items in excess ofÂ $350,000; or (3)Â A series of orders from the same ordering office withinÂ 60 days that together call for quantities exceeding the limitation in paragraph (b)(1) or (2) of this section. (c)Â If this is a requirements contract (i.e.,Â includes the Requirements clause at subsectionÂ 52.216-21Â of the FederalÂ AcquisitionÂ Regulation (FAR)), the Government is not required to order a part of any one requirement from the Contractor if that requirement exceeds the maximum-order limitations in paragraph (b) of this section. (d)Â Notwithstanding paragraphs (b) and (c) of this section, the ContractorÂ shallÂ honor any order exceeding the maximum order limitations in paragraph (b), unless that order (or orders) is returned to the ordering office withinÂ 5 days after issuance, with written notice stating the Contractor s intent not to ship the item (or items) called for and the reasons. Upon receiving this notice, the GovernmentÂ mayÂ acquire theÂ suppliesÂ or services from another source. (End of clause) FAR 52.216-22, Indefinite QuantityÂ (Oct 1995) (a)Â This is an indefinite-quantity contract for theÂ suppliesÂ or services specified, and effective for the period stated, in the Schedule. The quantities ofÂ suppliesÂ and services specified in the Schedule are estimates only and are not purchased by this contract. (b)Â Delivery or performanceÂ shallÂ be made only as authorized by orders issued in accordance with the Ordering clause. The ContractorÂ shallÂ furnish to the Government, when and if ordered, theÂ suppliesÂ or services specified in the Schedule up to and including the quantity designated in the Schedule as the "maximum." The GovernmentÂ shallÂ order at least the quantity ofÂ suppliesÂ or services designated in the Schedule as the "minimum." (c)Â Except for any limitations on quantities in the Order Limitations clause or in the Schedule, there is no limit on the number of orders thatÂ mayÂ be issued. The GovernmentÂ mayÂ issue orders requiring delivery to multiple destinations or performance at multiple locations. (d)Â Any order issued during the effective period of this contract and not completed within that periodÂ shallÂ be completed by the Contractor within the time specified in the order. The contractÂ shallÂ govern the Contractor s and Government s rights and obligations with respect to that order to the same extent as if the order were completed during the contract s effective period;Â provided, that the ContractorÂ shallÂ not be required to make any deliveries under this contract afterÂ April

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/721abd815d0840e38a36773988ca197e/view)