---
layout: default
title: 3895-- (MD) ASPHALT SEALER l EKH(VA-26-00048071) 589-26-2-7628-0010
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 84675e0ec08c4de58c7c74d9e6f65cf7
---

# 3895-- (MD) ASPHALT SEALER l EKH(VA-26-00048071) 589-26-2-7628-0010

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-23 11:01:30.608-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0279
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This Sources Sought Notice is for planning purposes only and shall not be considered as an invitation for bid, request for quotation, request for proposal, or as an obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any products or services. Your response to this Sources Sought Notice will be treated as information only. No entitlement to payment of direct or indirect costs or charges by the Government will arise because of contractor submission of responses to this announcement or the Government use of such information. This request does not constitute a solicitation for proposals or the authority to enter negotiations to award a contract. No funds have been authorized, appropriated, or received for this effort. The information provided may be used by the Department of Veterans Affairs in developing its acquisition approach, statement of work/statement of objectives and performance specifications. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary or competition sensitive information contained in their response. The Government does not intend to award a contract based on this Sources Sought Notice or to otherwise pay for the information submitted in response to this Sources Sought Notice. The purpose of this sources sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses, Veteran Owned Small Businesses, 8(a), HubZone and other Small Businesses interested and capable of providing the services described below. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) Company Name (b) Address (c) Point of Contact (d) Phone, Fax, and Email (e) UEI number (f) Cage Code (g) Tax ID Number (h) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? (i) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this SSN/RFI? (j) Are you the manufacturer, distributor, or an equivalent solution to the items being referenced above? (k) If you are a large business, do you have any designated distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of Contact and size status (if available). (l) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above or an equivalent solution, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified? (m) If you intend to subcontract any work on this contract, what portion of the total cost will be self-performed/will be performed by your organization? Please provide estimated detailed percentage breakdowns related to subcontracted work. (n) Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA or the NAC or are you a contract holder with NASA SEWP or any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. (o) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC or NASA SEWP contract holder or other federal contract holder, are the items/solution you are providing information for available on your schedule/contract? (p) Please provide general pricing of your products/solution for market research purposes (q) Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA or the NAC or are you a contract holder with NASA SEWP or any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. (r) Please provide general pricing of your products/solution for market research purposes (s) Must provide a capability statement that clearly addresses the organization s qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the work described below. Requirement: The VA Heartland Network 15 Contracting Office located at 3450 South 4th Street, Leavenworth, KS, 66048-5055 is to obtain a self-propelled asphalt sealant applicator machine, this is brand name or equal. The Colmery O Neil VA Medical Center Grounds Department located in Topeka, KS, 2200 Gage Blvd Topeka, KS 66622Â . Please see the Performance Work Statement for more specific details. The North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS Code) is 333120 (Construction Machinery Manufacturing), size standard 1,250 employees. Based on this information, please indicate whether your company would be a Large or Small Business and have a socio-economic designation as a Small Business, VOSB or SDVOSB. Important Information: The Government is not obligated to, nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this source sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to an acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. Currently a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms is anticipated based on the Veterans Administration requirement with Public Law 109-461, Section 8127 Veterans Benefit Act. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open may be used. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Halaiah Jones at Halaiah.Jones@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Friday, March 27, 2026, at 10:00AM CST. If a solicitation is issued it shall be announced at a later date, and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from the responses to this sources sought. Responses to these sources sought notice are not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. Department of Veterans Affairs Colmery O Neil V.A. Medical Center Asphalt Sealant Applicator Machine Statement of Requirements ***All Components and services are Name Brand or Equal*** Background: The Colmery O Neil VA Medical Center Grounds Department located in Topeka, KS requires a more long-term and affordable solution in performing their duties and other responsibilities concerning grounds maintenance requiring more industrialized and heavier equipment. The purpose of this procurement is to obtain an asphalt sealant applicator machine capable of completing heavy workloads that other machinery cannot do either efficiently or possibly at all and reducing the overall strain and resources on the grounds department staff. The purchase of the asphalt sealant applicator machine would prevent having to rent or lease similar equipment or having to contract work to be done for them, making it less expensive in the long term. **Name Brand or Equal** Scope: This procurement is for improving the capabilities and functions of the grounds department without having to incur costs through renting or leasing equipment to perform the work or having to contract the work. The purchase of the asphalt sealant applicator machine will be a cost-saving decision on time and finances and improve project scheduling for the Colmery O Neil VAMC. In addition to the equipment requirements, there may be included incidental services of warranties, installation, support service, and equipment accessories. The contractor shall provide all necessary onsite equipment, tools, labor, and supervision required per the requirements and specifications herein. The contractor (as the manufacturer or an authorized distributor) shall install and deliver new equipment only. No refurbished, returned or used equipment is permitted. All equipment provided must also include training at no cost for grounds department staff to service/repair/maintenance on the machine if brand is different. Requirements will be divided as followed: Part A Asphalt Sealant Applicator Machine with Similar or Equal to Technical Specifications Minimum 340-gallon capacity Minimum 35 BHP electric start engine Dual Rear wheel hydrostatic drive for traction, stability and safety Dual Front wheel triangulated Power Steering Hydraulic agitation Hydraulic actuated squeegee frame to move up, down, Cantilever Left, Right and Float Minimum speed of 0-7 MPH on level ground Tolerates grades of at least 20% Fail safe braking system Hydrostatic Transmission rated for 50 HP or higher Emergency Stop button 19-gallon (or larger) water tanks with electric pump and front mounted adjustable nozzles 2 (Min.) drum valve for cutting Material transfer pump 125 (min) rear squeegee Part B Asphalt Sealant Applicator Machine Accessories/attachments & Associated Services The vendor shall provide the machine with the following equipment & services with specifications and requirements that are equal to or similar: **All equipment is name brand or equal** Minimum 1-year Full Warranty. Delivery and installation of equipment to our campus. Complete Parts Manual for machine and any components Authorized/certified Service Center no farther than 50-mile radius of Topeka for service/repair. Equipment: The asphalt sealant applicator machine (name brand or equal) and ancillary equipment will be delivered and installed at the Colmery O Neil VAMC. Equipment and other components will deliver high reliability for completing work done by the Topeka, KS VAMC grounds department. Services: Vendors providing the machine must also provide any necessary training for grounds department staff at the Topeka, KS VAMC to properly service/maintain the equipment at no cost. Vendor must also ensure that there is a Licensed and Certified available dealer (of the same brand of equipment) within 50 miles of the Topeka, KS VAMC for quick availability for parts, services, etc. and be able to service/repair what they sell without having to ship it out to another service center outside 50 miles of the Topeka, KS VAMC.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Halaiah T Jones (Contractor)
  - Title: Halaiah Jones
  - Email: Halaiah.Jones@va.gov
  - Phone: 4148444800

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/84675e0ec08c4de58c7c74d9e6f65cf7/view)