---
layout: default
title: Recycling Collection - USAG-Rhineland Pfalz
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 2d3593a7bfff4050b289fb5867e357aa
---

# Recycling Collection - USAG-Rhineland Pfalz

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-23 05:14:51.669-04
- Solicitation Number: PAN40925P0000025711-2

## Summary

**THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY AND IS BEING USED FOR THE PURPOSE OF MARKET ANALYSIS.** INTRODUCTION The U.S. Army Contracting Command, 409th Contracting Support Brigade (CSB), Theater Contracting Center (TCC), Kaiserslautern is issuing this Request for Information (RFI) / Sources Sought Synopsis as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support the requirement for Recycling Collection and Disposal Services to United States Army Garrison Rheinland-Pfalz (USAG-RP) Installations . The intention is to procure these services on a competitive basis. This is NOT a solicitation for proposals, proposal abstracts, or quotations. This notice is being published in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) Part 5.101 requiring dissemination of information for proposed contract actions and FAR 10.001(a)(2)(i) which requires conducting market research before developing a new requirements document for this acquisition. The Government is seeking industry’s input to determine the availability of qualified sources with the technical capability to provide non-personnel services contract to provide waste and recycling collection and disposal services to United States Army Garrison Rheinland-Pfalz (USAG-RP) Installations. No contract awards will be made from this notice, and no solicitation is available on SAM.gov or any other bulletin board, posting room, or clearinghouse at this time. In order to develop a sound acquisition strategy, early industry participation is welcomed and highly encouraged; however, participation in this effort is strictly voluntary. All costs associated with responding to this RFI/Sources Sought will be solely at the interested party’s expense. The Government will not reimburse costs and will not be liable for any costs associated with responses to this RFI/Sources Sought. Respondents will not be notified of the responses to this notice. Responses to this notice are not considered offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. All RFI/Sources Sought responses will be used in whole or in part for determining the most effective acquisition strategy for the subject requirement and similar future requirements. Requested information will be used to facilitate decision making and will not be disclosed outside the agency. NOTE on SMALL BUSINESSES SET-ASIDE FAR Part 19.000(b)(1)(ii) states “Contracting officers may apply this part outside the United States and its outlying areas.” The contracting officer has determined that it is not in the best interests of the Army to use FAR Part 19 small business programs for this acquisition. In coming to this determination, the contracting officer considered that the contactor must be knowledgeable of, and comply with, local labor and other laws when performing these services in Germany. In light of this requirement, and given the availability of local sources, the contracting officer intends to solicit local sources IAW FAR Part 5.202(a)(12). As such, there is no reasonable expectation that offers will be obtained from at least two responsible small business concerns IAW FAR Part 19.502-2(b)(1). Even if two small businesses offered to perform the requirement, the award would not reasonably be expected to be at fair market prices as required by FAR Part 19.502-2(b)(2) since the additional cost for a US-based small business to perform this requirement in Germany would likely be substantial. Further, the services required are routinely available such that award to a small business concern would not be in the interest of maintaining or mobilizing the Nation’s full productive capacity, war or national defense programs IAW FAR Part 19.502- 1(a)(1). As the contracting officer has determined not to apply FAR Part 19 to this procurement IAW the discretion afforded by FAR Part 19.000(b)(1)(ii), the contracting officer will not request review by the SBA procurement center representative IAW DFARS Part 219.402(c)(iii)(E), and no Form DD 2579 will be prepared. PROGRAM BACKGROUND This is a non-personnel services contract to provide recycling collection and disposal services for USAG RP Installations. Services include but are not limited to: Collection, transportation, segregation, storage and disposal of recyclable waste Supply, maintenance and service of both permanently placed and time-limited containers, bins and compactors of varying sizes for various types of recyclable materials Supply, maintenance and service of potable pedestals to facilitate the collection of recyclables Unique Requirements: Approximately 300 pick-ups/collection of various types of recyclables per month across various locations Lease, service and maintenance of approximately 150 collection bins, containers, and compactors of various types and 12 pedestal steps during period of performance Transportation and disposal of approximately 80 metric tons of various recyclables per month If your organization has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: 1) Organization name, address, email address, Web site address, telephone number, and size and type of ownership for the organization; and 2) Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. The Government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: 1) provide services consistent, in scope and scale, with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated; 2) secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements; 3) implement a successful project management plan that includes: compliance with tight program schedules; cost containment; meeting and tracking performance; hiring and retention of key personnel and risk mitigation; and 4) provide services under a performance based service acquisition contract. PREVIOUS CONTRACT: Presently, services similar to this requirement are provided under W564KV-25-C-A013; a continuing need is anticipated for those services required here ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 562111 with a Small Business Size Standard of $47,000,000.00. The Product Service Code is S205 Housekeeping – Trash / Garbage Collection. Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. SUBMISSION All interested firms shall submit a “capabilities package” that explicitly demonstrates the firm’s certifications, business acumen, general capabilities, and specific strategies to fulfill the requirement in accordance with the PWS in response to this Sources Sought RFI. It is requested that the firm’s response specifically demonstrates the following capabilities: “Waste Management Company” (“Entsorgungsfachbetrieb”), certifications in accordance with § 56 German “Closed Substance Cycle Waste Management Act” (“Kreislaufwirtschaftsgesetz”) and “Waste Management Company Ordinance” (“Entsorgungsfachbetriebeverordnung – EfbV”) (PWS 1.7.16) As a minimum, two comparable service contracts with similar scope and comparable quantities Outline of Minimum Phase In / Phase Out time requirement (30 days, 45 days, etc.) PLEASE NOTE: All contractors doing business with the Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database. The website for registration is www.sam.gov. Interested parties are requested to submit a capabilities statement of no more than ten (10) pages in length in Times New Roman font of not less than 10 pitch. The deadline for response to this request is no later than 4:00 PM, CET, 6 April 2026. All responses under this RFI / Sources Sought Synopsis Notice must be e-mailed to Contract Specialist, Oddny Gerstner – oddny.r.gerstner.civ@army.mil and Contracting officer, Gutierrez, Israel - Israel.Gutierrez1.CIV@army.mil. The Government will not return any information submitted in response to this notice All questions MUST be in writing. In all responses, please reference PAN409-25-P-0000 025711. Questions for this RFI / Sources Sought Synopsis shall be submitted on or before 4:00 PM CET, 30 March 2026. Government Response will be provided within five (05) business days after receipt of all questions. Verbal questions will not be accepted. The Government is not committed nor obligated to pay for the information provided, and no basis for claims against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this Sources Sought. Responses received to this notice will assist in determining the acquisition strategy of the requirement. This documentation must address at a minimum the following items: Company Information, Experience and Capabilities Company's history, ownership structure, and the number of years the company has been in the waste and recycling industry. Work your company has performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement. This information should be in sufficient detail regarding previous experience (indicate whether as a prime contractor or subcontractor) on similar requirements (include size, scope, complexity, timeframe, government or commercial), pertinent certifications, etc., that will facilitate making a capability determination. Specific technical skills the company possess which ensure capability to perform the tasks and meet the requirements as outlined in the Draft Performance Work Statement Collection Services Collection schedules the company can accommodate (e.g., weekly, bi-weekly) and holiday collection schedule. Detailed list of all materials the company will accept for recycling. Types and sizes of recycling containers the company will provide Procedures for collecting special items like bulky waste, e-waste, and household hazardous wastes Processing and Disposal Where the collected recyclables will be taken for processing. How the company handles contamination in the recycling stream and what measures the company takes to minimize it. Ability to provide regular reports on the tonnage of materials collected, recycled, and disposed of Customer Service Customer service capabilities, including their process for handling missed pickups and other service issues. Pricing, Invoicing and Contract Terms Detailed breakdown of pricing and invoicing structure, including any fees for collection, processing, and disposal, as well as any potential revenue sharing from the sale of recyclable materials. Preferred contract length and any options for renewal. Information to help determine if the requirement is commercially available, including pricing information, basis for the pricing information (e.g., identify by Customer name your sales to non-governmental Customers and contracts, market pricing, catalog pricing, indirect rates to include overhead, fringe and G&A), delivery schedules, customary terms and conditions, warranties, etc. Recommendations Identify how the Army can best structure these contract requirements to facilitate competition Recommendations to improve the approach/specifications/draft PWS to acquiring the identified items/services. Information to help determine if the suggested NAICS is considered appropriate for this acquisition. If you believe it is not, suggest a NAICS and explain why it is more appropriate for this type of acquisition. Identify any condition or action that may be having the effect of unnecessarily restricting competition with respect to this acquisition. Please contact the Advocate for Competition, Clint Jacobsen, clinton.m.jacobsen.civ@army.mil, if you believe that this action is unreasonably restricting competition. Include the subject of the acquisition, this announcement, and the POC information from the beta.sam.gov (Contracting Opportunities) notice. Provide the specific aspects that unreasonably restrict competition and the rationale for such conclusion. Respondents shall not be obligated to provide the services described herein and it is understood by the United States Government that the cost estimates provided as a result of this request are “best” estimates only. The contract type is anticipated to be Firm Fixed Price (FFP). All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. No phone calls will be accepted. Attachments/Links Draft Performance Work Statement

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Oddny Gerstner
  - Email: oddny.r.gerstner.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 4906111435426854
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Israel Gutierrez
  - Email: israel.gutierrez1.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 06111435426813

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2d3593a7bfff4050b289fb5867e357aa/view)