---
layout: default
title: DSCR B47 ADA Door Operator Install Project
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 63dddc7425434df48cd6b13de5f75e01
---

# DSCR B47 ADA Door Operator Install Project

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 07:33:05.253-04
- Solicitation Number: SP470326Q0033

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation. This is a solicitation for commercially available services prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12, and supplemented with additional information included in this notice. The solicitation number SP470326Q0033 is issued as a request for quote(RFQ). Award will be made to the Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable offeror. The resulting contract will be a firm-fixed price award with an expected Period of Performance of 75 days from issuance of notice to proceed. Disclosure of magnitude: the estimated magnitude of the award is between $150,000.00 - $200,000.00 This acquisition is set-aside for 100% small business. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 236220 (Repair or Alteration of Office Buildings). The small business size standard is $45M. Department of Labor Wage Determination based on location of the service provided (Chesterfield County, VA). Partial proposals will not be accepted. A site visit will be held on 05/07/2026@0930. See "Additional Details" below for full text for parties interested in attending the site visit. Please note: Parties interested in attending the site visit MUST be vetted through security prior to the date of the site visit - vetting can take 5 business days, interested parties should plan accordingly. NOTE:Site visit attendees are required to wear PPE in order to gain access to the worksite. See SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS section for detailed Site Visit PPE requirements. Deadline for questions is COB 05/11/2026 - Questions and Answers will be publicly posted as an attachment to the same notice id on SAM.gov as the solicitation. Generally, answers will be posted to SAM.gov within 2 working days of the deadline for questions. Deadline for quote is COB 05/22/2026. Acceptable method of quote: Email to contracting officer Robert Moragues <Robert.Moragues@dla.mil> **********************************Specific Requirements**************************** For an offer to be considered for award, the contractor must own, possess, or otherwise control a bona fide place of business from which mobilization occurs within 125 miles of Defense Supply Center Richmond. A bona fide place of business refers to a location where the offeror regularly maintains an office with at least one full-time employee. The offeror must include the address of this location within the offer submitted. OBJECTIVES: The objective is to add touchless ADA door operators to select doors inside building 47. BACKGROUND Building 47 was built without handicapped operators is certain locations. Adding these will add ease of access to handicapped personnel. SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS Site visit requirements. • Long pants • Closed toe shoes • High visibility safety vest • Hard hat • Safety glasses The contractor shall • Provide all material and equipment to install handicapped operators, one per each set of double doors, per the plans shown at the end of this document, circled in red. • Provide two touchless handicapped activators for each door. • Power for all devices can be obtained by the nearby outlets etc. • Surface mounting of electrical conduit, wiring etc. is not permitted. • For the first-floor doors, add a full lite kite to each identified door circled in blue. Each lite kit shall have internal mini blinds. To meet the color pallet of building 47 a door with the lite may need to be purchased. The lite kit will need to be removed from the new door and installed into the existing doors. A complying door/lite via Home depot is Legacy Universal Handing Full Lite Clear Glass Mocha Miniblind Black Finish Fiberglass Front Door Slab. Lite kit must be powered coated. Dispose of the new doors. An image that shows the door/lite and blind is shown at the end of this document. • The site visit meeting location is shown on the map at the end of this document. • The floor plans to shown all the locations is shown at the end of this document. CONTRACTOR QUALIFICATIONS 5 years’ experience working in the areas described in section 3. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Completion date shall be no later than 75 days after notice to proceed. See SOW for complete project requirement detail. **********************ADDITIONAL INFORMATION******************************* A site visit will be held 05/07/2026 @0930. See p.50 of SOW for DSCR map which details the meeting and parking locations for site visit attendees. In order to attend the site visit interested parties MUST follow the instructions below no less than 5 business days prior to the site visit. This is to allow time for vetting by base security. Plan on arriving at DSCR an hour prior to the site visit time, as the processing time through the visitor center fluctuates. Follow the link below to register through DBIDS, and a QR code should be provided for each visitor. The QR codes MUST be emailed to the Project Manager, Mike O'Connor <Michael.OConnor@dla.mil.> (Work Cell: 804-306-5273 ). The QR code MUST be emailed to the project manager as soon as possible due to the lengthy vetting process of approximately 5 business days. The project manager will also serve as the sponsor for site visit attendees. A new system was implemented on 3 January 2023 to screen visitors and contractors for installation access at DSCR.The new system is designed to increase efficiencies, enhance the protection of personal information during the vetting process and eliminate the use of hard copy DLA Form 1815s. The new screening system will require visitors and contractors to pre-enroll in DBIDS (Defense Biometric Identification System). To begin the process, visitors and contractors will complete registration through the pre-enrollment website: https://dbids-global-enroll.dmdc.mil. Upon entry of their information, visiting personnel will be provided an electronic form to download, which will have an individualized barcode and alpha numeric code. The codes need to be sent to the visiting person’s sponsor. Once in receipt of the barcode, the sponsor will email Security and Emergency Services and provide the barcode and sponsorship information. Once the visitor/contractor is vetted and approved for installation access, Security & Emergency Services will notify the sponsor that the visitor/contractor can go to the DSCR Visitor Center to obtain his/her pass. At the Visitor Center, the visitor provides the barcode and code provided earlier in the process and completes the credentialing process. See attached SOW for full requirement details. Parties interested in submitting a quote for this project are advised and expected to have reviewed the entire SOW prior to site visit attendance.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Robert Moragues, Contracting Officer
  - Email: robert.moragues@dla.mil
  - Phone: 8042795309
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kyle Gregory, Contracting Officer
  - Email: Kyle.Gregory@dla.mil
  - Phone: 8049806388

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: the same notice id on SAM.gov as the solicitation. Generally, answers will be posted to SAM.gov within 2 working days of the deadline for questions. Deadline for quote is COB 05/22/2026. Acceptable method of quote: Email to contracting officer Robert Moragues <Robert.Moragues@dla.mil> **********************************Specific Requirements**************************** For an offer to be considered for award, the contractor must own, possess, or otherwise control a bona fide place of business from which mobilization occurs within 125 miles of Defense Supply Center Richmond. A bona fide place of business refers to a location where the offeror regularly maintains an office with at least one full-time employee. The offeror must include the address of this location within the offer submitted. OBJECTIVES: The objective is to add touchless ADA door operators to select doors inside building 47. BACKGROUND Building 47 was built without handicapped operators is certain locations. Adding these will add ease of access to handicapped personnel. SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS Site visit requirements. • Long pants • Closed toe shoes • High visibility safety vest • Hard hat • Safety glasses The contractor shall • Provide all material and equipment to install handicapped operators, one per each set of double doors, per the plans shown at the end of this document, circled in red. • Provide two touchless handicapped activators for each door. • Power for all devices can be obtained by the nearby outlets etc. • Surface mounting of electrical conduit, wiring etc. is not permitted. • For the first-floor doors, add a full lite kite to each identified door circled in blue. Each lite kit shall have internal mini blinds. To meet the color pallet of building 47 a door with the lite may need to be purchased. The lite kit will need to be removed from the new door and installed into the existing doors. A complying door/lite via Home depot is Legacy Universal Handing Full Lite Clear Glass Mocha Miniblind Black Finish Fiberglass Front Door Slab. Lite kit must be powered coated. Dispose of the new doors. An image that shows the door/lite and blind is shown at the end of this document. • The site visit meeting location is shown on the map at the end of this document. • The floor plans to shown all the locations is shown at the end of this document. CONTRACTOR QUALIFICATIONS 5 years’ experience working in the areas described in section 3. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Completion date shall be no later than 75 days after notice to proceed. See SOW for complete project requirement detail. **********************ADDITIONAL INFORMATION******************************* A site visit will be held 05/07/2026 @0930. See p.50 of SOW for DSCR map which details the meeting and parking locations for site visit attendees. In order to attend the site visit interested parties MUST follow the instructions below no less than 5 business days prior to the site visit. This is to allow time for vetting by base security. Plan on arriving at DSCR an hour prior to the site visit time, as the processing time through the visitor center fluctuates. Follow the link below to register through DBIDS, and a QR code should be provided for each visitor. The QR codes MUST be emailed to the Project Manager, Mike O"Connor <Michael.OConnor@dla.mil.> (Work Cell: 804-306-5273 ). The QR code MUST be emailed to the project manager as soon as possible due to the lengthy vetting process of approximately 5 business days. The project manager will also serve as the sponsor for site visit attendees. A new system was implemented on 3 January 2023 to screen visitors and contractors for installation access at DSCR.The new system is designed to increase efficiencies, enhance the protection of personal information during the vetting process and eliminate the use of hard copy DLA Form 1815s. The new screening system will require visitors and contractors to pre-enroll in DBIDS (Defense Biometric Identification System). To begin the process, visitors and contractors will complete registration through the pre-enrollment website: https://dbids-global-enroll.dmdc.mil. Upon entry of their information, visiting personnel will be provided an electronic form to download, which will have an individualized barcode and alpha numeric code. The codes need to be sent to the visiting person’s sponsor. Once in receipt of the barcode, the sponsor will email Security and Emergency Services and provide the barcode and sponsorship information. Once the visitor/contractor is vetted and approved for installation access, Security & Emergency Services will notify the sponsor that the visitor/contractor can go to the DSCR Visitor Center to obtain his/her pass. At the Visitor Center, the visitor provides the barcode and code provided earlier in the process and completes the credentialing process. See attached SOW for full requirement details. Parties interested in submitting a quote for this project are advised and expected to have reviewed the entire SOW prior to site visit attendance

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/63dddc7425434df48cd6b13de5f75e01/view)