---
layout: default
title: FY26 Corpus Christi Ship Channel Placement Area (PA) 6 Improvements
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 8e68aedef7ee4e5faa821206541f2070
---

# FY26 Corpus Christi Ship Channel Placement Area (PA) 6 Improvements

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-25 17:45:27.708-04
- Solicitation Number: W912HY-26-X-1BG9

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS TITLE: FY26 Corpus Christi Ship Channel Placement Area (PA) 6 Improvements Notice Type: SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS Source Sought Number: W912HY-26-X-1BG9 The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Galveston District has a requirement for the above subject. THIS IS A NOTICE FOR SOURCES SOUGHT ONLY. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT SEEKS INFORMATION FROM INDUSTRY, WHICH WILL BE USED FOR PRELIMINARY PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL OR INVITATION FOR BID. THERE IS NO BID PACKAGE, SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATION OR DRAWINGS AVAILABLE WITH THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A PROCUREMENT COMMITMENT BY THE U.S ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE. NO CONTRACT WILL BE AWARDED FROM THIS SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT. REPONSE IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY; NO REIMBURSEMENT WILL BE MADE FOR ANY COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH PROVIDING INFORMATION IN RESPONSE TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT OR ANY FOLLOW-UP INFORMATION REQUESTS. RESPONDENTS WILL NOT BE NOTIFIED OF THE RESULTS OF THE EVALUATION. The purpose of this synopsis is to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities, and qualifications of various members of industry, to include the Small Business Community: Small Business, Section 8(a), Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUB-Zone), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Economically Disadvantaged (ED/Woman Owned (WO), Woman Owned (WO) and Woman-Owned Small Business (WOSB). The Government must ensure there is adequate competition of responsible firms. Project Information: The work consists of the following construction within a shallow channel: Schedule 1 - will consist of shoreline repair of an existing breakwater structure that will be realigned and reinforced with new riprap. Option 1 - will consist of extending the existing breakwater in the northeast side of the placement area to tie into the shoreline. Period of performance: Complete the entire work ready for use not later than 365 calendar days after the date the Contractor receives the Notice to Proceed with 120 Calendar days of optional line items. In accordance with FAR 36 / DFARs 236, the estimated construction price range for this project is Between $15,000,000 and $20,000,000. All construction performance must comply with the USACE Safety and Health Requirements Manual, (EM 385-1-1) and must also comply with all Federal, State, and local laws, ordinances, codes and/or regulations. The North American Industry Classification System code for this procurement is 237990 which has a small business size standard of $37.5 million. The Product Service Code is Z1KF. Small Businesses are reminded under FAR 52.219-14, (Deviation 2019-O0003), Limitations on Subcontracting. Firm will not pay more than 85% of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count toward the 85% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Prior Government contract work is not required for submitting a response to this announcement. Contractor should demonstrate any construction experience as a prime contractor working on Dredged Material Placement Areas. Contractor should observe the typical wet conditions associated with Dredged Material Placement Areas. Contractor should expect to use equipment with low ground pressure due to the soft/wet material in which the equipment will be operating. Bonding Requirements: Performance and Payment Bonds are required within 5 calendar days after award and the contractor shall begin work within 10 calendar days after receipt of the Notice to Proceed. If the contractor fails to complete the work within the time specified, the contractor shall pay liquidated damages to the Government in the amount of $4,471 for each calendar day of delay until the work is completed or accepted. FIRMS RESPONSE SHALL INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) & Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) (This information can be obtained from your System for Award Management (SAM) Registration at www.sam.gov. Name of firm with address, telephone number, fax, e-mail address, and point of contact. Indicate whether your firm will submit a bid for this project if set-aside for Small Business (SB), 8(a) Small Business Development Program, Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUB-Zone), Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Economically Disadvantaged (ED/Woman Owned (WO), Woman Owned (WO) Woman-Owned Small Business (WOSB). Firm’s Joint Ventures (existing), including Mentor Protégés and teaming arrangement information is acceptable. Qualifications: Responses to this source sought announcement shall indicate specialized experience and technical competence in: Dredged Material Placement Areas construction Demonstrate experience in completing work outlined under the paragraph above for “Project Information.” Firm’s capability to perform the magnitude and complexity outlined in the Scope of Work above or comparable work performed within the past five years. Brief description of each project, customer name, and dollar value of the project - provide at least three examples. Firm’s Bonding Capacity - Bid Bond (20% of total bid amount), Performance and Payment Bond (100% of the contract amount) bonding level per contract and aggregate construction bonding level, both expressed in dollars. Firms responding to this announcement, who fail to provide ALL required information requested and outlined above, may be excluded from further consideration in the review and analysis for acquisition strategy determination. Anticipated solicitation issuance date is on or about July 2026 and the estimated proposal due date will be on or about August 2026. Estimated award on or about date is September 2026. The official synopsis citing the solicitation number will be issued on Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) https://piee.eb.mil/ inviting firms to register electronically to receive a copy of the solicitation when it is issued. Interested Firm’s shall respond to this announcement no later than 08 April 2026, at 04:00 PM (Central Time). All interested firms must be registered in SAM.gov to be eligible for award of Government contracts. Email your response to Mr. Baskovic at: wesley.n.baskovic@usace.army.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Wesley Baskovic
  - Email: wesley.n.baskovic@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Mirian Tudor
  - Email: mirian.r.tudor@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8e68aedef7ee4e5faa821206541f2070/view)