---
layout: default
title: 6640--Laboratory Solvent Evaporation Systems
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 0c39bb4782064a4a8bb14d41b5a39f2f
---

# 6640--Laboratory Solvent Evaporation Systems

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-30 15:04:52.903-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25726Q0413
- Awardee: null

## Summary

TheÂ Veterans Affairs North Health Care SystemÂ requiresÂ two (2) Brand Name or Equal Solvent Evaporation Systems and accessoriesÂ with the Salient Characteristics listed below.Â Â The Department of Veterans Affairs , Network Contracting Office (NCO) 17 on behalf of VA North Texas Healthcare System is issuing this Sources Sought Notice in accordance with RFO 10.001 to determine the availability and technical capabilities of qualified sources. NCO 17 is seeking a qualified source to provide brand name or equal to the Biotage TurboVap LV. NCO 17 intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) contract to a supplier of this equipment. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 334516 - Analytical Laboratory Instrument Manufacturing, Small Business Standard Size 1,000 Employees; Product Service Code: 6640 Laboratory Equipment and Supplies. The RFO Provision found at 52.204-7 requires that All interested Offerors must be registered in SAM.gov prior to submitting an offer or quotation. You may access the website at SAM.gov | Home. All offerors must be certified with the appropriate NAICS code on the SAM website. All SDVOSB/VOSB offerors must be verified in the SBA database at: https://certifications.sba.gov/ at the time of proposal submission. Submissions for this source sought shall be submitted by email no later than April 20, 2026, at 10:00am EST. If you are a vendor that can provide the requested information and required supplies described below with competitive pricing, send your information (to include your organization's Unique Entity Identifier number) with a description of proof of capability to kathryn.prose@va.gov. This notice is for planning purposes only and does not constitute a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract, nor does the Government intend to pay for any information submitted as a result of this notice. This is a sources-sought looking for businesses to provide the supplies listed below for market research purposes. No awards for a contract will be made from this announcement. The information provided herein is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for, or award, a competitive contract. It is emphasized that this is a notice solely for planning and informational purposes. Additionally, please provide answers as appropriate to the following questions in the table below with your response to this sources-sought. Failure to respond to the following questions may affect the acquisition strategy. 1.Â Identify your organization's socio-economic category.Â 2.Â Identify if your organization is the manufacturer of the requested supplies. If you are not the manufacturer, identify the manufacturer of the supplies that you will provide, their socio-economic category and a letter showing that your organization is an authorized distributor for the requested supplies. Â 3.Â Fill out the certificate under FAR Provision 52.225-2(b), identifying the item and its country of origin. (https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52#FAR_52_225_2). If the product is a US domestic end product, write in USA for the item's country of origin.Â 4.Â State whether any of the requested supplies may be ordered against a government contract awarded to your organization (e.gÂ Federal Supply Schedule (FSS), General Services Administration (GSA), etc.).Â 5.Â Address whether your organization meets the requirements of 13 CFR 121.406 (b)(1)(i), (b)(1)(ii) and (b)(1)(iii) (https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-13/chapter-I/part-121/subpart-A/subject-group-ECFR0fca5207262de47/section-121.406#p-121.406(b)).Â 6.Â State if subcontracting is contemplated for this requirement and what percentage of the requirement will be subcontracted and for what tasks.Â 7.Â Provide estimated shipping and delivery information for the requested supplies (e.g. Expected lead time on delivery).Â *If applicable, VAAR 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products, will apply to the potential solicitation if set-aside for Veteran Owned Small-Businesses. *Â Â Veterans Affairs Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) *If applicable, VAAR 852.212-71 Gray Market Items, will apply to the potential solicitation.*Â *If applicable, FAR 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting, will apply to the potential solicitation if set-aside for Small-Businesses. *Â Identify whether any foreign end products, as defined in FAR Provision 52.225-2, would be provided to meet this requirement (https://www.acquisition.gov/far/part-52#FAR_52_225_2__d3401e52).Â Delivery Location: Department of Veterans Affairs North Texas Veterans Healthcare System Dallas VA Medical Center 4500 S. Lancaster Rd. Dallas TX 75216 STATEMENT OF WORK - Functional/Performance/Specification (Brand Name or Equal) Purpose: The Veterans Affairs North Texas Healthcare System located at Dallas VA Medical Center, 4500 S. Lancaster Rd. Dallas TX 75216 has a requirement for two (2) Solvent Evaporators to assist with extractions and the expansion of specialty testing in Toxicology Laboratory. Scope. The Solvent Evaporators will be used to remove liquid solvents from samples, leaving behind a concentrated or solid residue to purify compounds, concentrating solutions, and preparing samples for further analysis. The equipment should meet or exceed the specifications below for brand name or equal to Biotage TurboVap LV. Requirements. a. Solvent Evaporator capability and performance. The systems offered under this contract shall comply with all general requirements. Evaporation of up to 48 samples. 48-position rack for 10 20 mm tubes, Compatible with other tube sizes ranging from 10 to 32 mm (outer diameter) and from 32 up to 165 mm in length. Vortex Shearing Acid resistant with PTFE-coated manifolds Touchscreen, single, compact instrument. Switch racks to accommodate different tubes. Requires compressed air or Nitrogen Minimum Pressure: 4 bar (0.4 MPa, 58 PSI) Maximum Pressure: 9 bar (0.9 MPa, 130 PSI) Required Supply Flow: 160 liters/min Heating Duration: 40 min. (from 20 Â°C to 55 Â°C) Solvent Compatibility: Acetone, Acetonitrile, Chloroform, Dichloromethane, Diethyl ether, Dimethylformamide, Dimethyl sulfoxide, Ethanol, Ethyl acetate, Heptane, Hexane, Isooctane, Isopropanol, Methanol, Methyl tert-butyl ether, Pentane, Tetrahydrofuran, Toluene, Water. Chemical Resistance: rifluoroacetic acid (TFA) 2%, Trichloroacetic acid (TCA) 2%, Formic acid 5%, Acetic acid 10%, Butyric acid 5%, Phosphoric acid 5%, Hydrochloric acid 0.1M, Nitric acid 0.1M, Propionic acid 5%, Ammonium Hydroxide 5%, Triethylamine (TEA) 5%. b. Instrument space, electrical and ambient requirements Electrical Supply: 100 127 V and 220 240 V at 50/60 Hz. Dimensions to accommodate laboratory space no more than (W X D X H) 15.7" x 15.7" x 15.4" including the hinges at the side and exhaust at the rear. The height with the lid open is no more than 23.2". C65902SP mains cord (US/CA). If required. All models shall perform satisfactorily at recommended laboratory temperature between 64 to 89 degrees F and recommended laboratory relative humidity of less than 80% without condensation. The contractor must provide all updates to the hardware covered under standard warranty, without additional cost to the Government. 4. Warranty. The Contractor shall provide a standard Commercial warranty. All services must be covered under the standard warranty at no extra charge to the Government. Standard Factory Warranty: Manufacturing warranty cover parts, labor, and repairs by certified technician. The Contractor must include the manufacturer warranty as part of the quote package. Unlimited Technical Support: Access to phone-based support. Instrument Repair/Parts: Coverage for repairs, including all labor and parts. Software Support. Onsite Response Time: A three (3) business day onsite response time by an authorized Customer Service Engineer. Extended Warranty: 24 Month Return to Factory Warranty or similar. On-site repairs or return to factory if required. Instrument Repair/Parts: Coverage for repairs, including all labor and parts. Onsite Response Time: A three (3) business day onsite response time by an authorized Customer Service Engineer. Unlimited phone and electronic mail consultations for the duration of the warranty. 5. Delivery, installation and training. Delivery of new equipment and accessories will be delivered to need Address Veterans Affairs North Texas Healthcare System Dallas VA Medical Center 4500 S. Lancaster Rd. Dallas TX 75216 Contractor shall install the equipment at no additional cost to the Government. Delivery must take place (Monday-Friday (M-F), excluding Weekends and Holidays during regular business hours from 0730-1600. within ninety (90) business days after receipt of the order. The Contractor will provide onsite training for four (4) Laboratory Technicians and Biomed representative. Delays of shipments must be communicated to Government Point of Contact (POC) and arrangements made for earliest shipment. Check in Requirements: The Vendor Rep must report to the Biomedical Engineering Department to obtain a badge and sign in with the Biomedical Engineering Service before work begins. Upon completion of work, the Rep must report to the Biomedical Engineering Service to sign out.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kathryn Prose
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: kathryn.prose@va.gov
  - Phone: (254) 217-2835

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0c39bb4782064a4a8bb14d41b5a39f2f/view)