---
layout: default
title: W519TC-26NB076-SS Aircraft Fire Extinguisher Cartridge JL42-44
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 55decea4475b41d8bde86bf52db437c0
---

# W519TC-26NB076-SS Aircraft Fire Extinguisher Cartridge JL42-44

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 12:39:02.708-04
- Solicitation Number: W519TC-26NB076-SS

## Summary

The U.S. Army Contracting Command, Rock Island, on behalf of PM-CCS (Project Manager, Close Combat Systems), is issuing a sources sought notice to identify capable sources for the production and delivery of the following items. 1. Cartridge, Fire Extinguisher NSN: 1377-01-502-2107 Source Control Drawing: NAVAIR Drawing 3205AS277-1 DODIC: JL42 Data List / Part Numbers / Drawing Numbers: NAVAIR DL3205AS277 Revision: REV C Revision Date: 5/20/2025 Specifications: MIL-DTL-32122 (ECP25-0015) Revision C Revision Date: 6/23/2011 2. Cartridge, Fire Extinguisher NSN: 1377-01-502-2119 Source Control Drawing: NAVAIR Drawing 3205AS277-2 DODIC: JL43 Data List / Part Numbers / Drawing Numbers: NAVAIR DL3205AS277 Revision: REV C Revision Date: 5/20/2025 Specifications: MIL-DTL-32122 (ECP25-0015) Revision C Revision Date: 6/23/2011 3. Cartridge, Fire Extinguisher NSN: 1377-01-502-2129 Source Control Drawing: NAVAIR Drawing 3205AS277-3 DODIC: JL44 Data List / Part Numbers / Drawing Numbers: NAVAIR DL3205AS277 Revision: REV C Revision Date: 5/20/2025 Specifications: MIL-DTL-32122 (ECP25-0015) Revision C Revision Date: 6/23/2011 ITEM DESCRIPTIONS: The following parts are used in various aircraft with the purpose of extinguishing in the event of a fire. CCU-125/A Fire Extinguisher Cartridge (JL42): All 3 cartridges are electrically initiated, screw -in type consisting of a steel body, three steel contract pins, bridgewire, and an output cup on one end enclosing the ignition and main charge. The opposite end of the cartridges mate with a bayonet connector. The cartridges are installed in the valve assembly tank. CCU-125/A Fire Extinguisher Cartridge (JL43): All 3 cartridges are electrically initiated, screw -in type consisting of a steel body, three steel contract pins, bridgewire, and an output cup on one end enclosing the ignition and main charge. The opposite end of the cartridges mate with a bayonet connector. The cartridges are installed in the valve assembly tank. CCU-125/A Fire Extinguisher Cartridge (JL44): All 3 cartridges are electrically initiated, screw -in type consisting of a steel body, three steel contract pins, bridgewire, and an output cup on one end enclosing the ignition and main charge. The opposite end of the cartridges mate with a bayonet connector. The cartridges are installed in the valve assembly tank. CRITICAL PROCESSES/SKILLS: The manufacture of this item requires skills, which include, but are not limited to: Experience with propellant manufacturing and casting, energetic material and/or explosive handling and loading, welding, machining, bridge wire and electrical circuitry, and shock wave propagation. An acceptable vendor must be able to display the skills of its employees and established expertise in completing essential operations of manufacturing the Aircraft Fire Extinguisher Cartridge (JL42, JL43, and JL44). Respondents to this Sources Sought must have or have the ability to obtain the available skills required to perform all production and testing operations necessary to deliver conforming end items to the U.S. Government. These skills must be available with sufficient experience and proficiency to produce these items in a timely and efficient manner. A respondent must also have or have the ability to obtain the appropriate equipment and skills required to support quality production limitations. Any significant lead times with equipment or materials associated with production of these items should also be noted. RESPONSES: Interested companies who consider themselves capable of manufacturing the Fire Extinguisher Cartridge, are invited to indicate their interest by providing the U.S. Government with the following information: 1. A brief summary of the company’s capabilities (a description of the facilities, personnel experience, quality system, and past manufacturing experience) and capacity. If a respondent does not have adequate resources (facilities, technical, manufacturing, personnel, etc.) available, then it must be able to demonstrate its ability to obtain those resources without significant delay. 2. Identify and include a brief summary of any potential key sub-tier vendors or subcontractors and identify key components or processes that would be subcontracted. 3. Identify minimum and maximum monthly production quantities and identify the available capacity considering any other known production. 4. Identify your company’s size status for the identified NAICS code in the response. Due to the current global supply chain and other factors, respondents are asked to identify any components or materials that may be subject to price volatility or scarcity and address what their firm is doing to mitigate risk related to obtaining materials, price impacts, and production stability. Technical Data Packages: The Technical Data Packages (TDPs) associated with this requirement are classified as Distribution C – limited distribution authorized to the U.S. Government agencies and their U.S. Contractors Only. The NAICS code for these items is 325920 with a business size standard of 750 employees. As noted above, please indicate your business size and socio-economic status in your response. Also be sure to provide the company name, address, point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, taxpayer identification number, DUNS number, and CAGE Code. Contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award, during performance, and through final payment of any contract resulting from a planned solicitation for these items. Contractors may obtain information on SAM registration by visiting: https://www.acquisition.gov. This sources sought announcement is for information and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a Request for Proposal or as an obligation on the part of the U.S. Government. The U.S. Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this sources sought announcement or otherwise pay for information solicited. Industry responses to this sources sought will not represent binding offers, and the U.S. Government cannot accept an industry response to form a binding contract. The U.S. Government intends to use any information submitted in response to this request to develop an acquisition strategy for future requirements of this item. To be eligible for contracts with the U.S. Government, Contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award, during performance, and through final payment of any contract resulting from a planned solicitation for these items. Contractors may obtain information on SAM registration by visiting: https://www.acquisition.gov. All interested companies are highly encouraged to get registered in SAM immediately. The U.S. Government will hold all information submitted in a confidential status. All submissions are requested electronically no later than 23 March 2026 in order to be considered in the development of the acquisition strategy for these items. Send all responses to Ms. Caitlyn Smith at caitlyn.l.smith3.civ@army.mil, Ms. Meghan Newman at meghan.p.newman.civ@army.mil, and Ms. Emily Kundel at emily.a.kundel.civ@army.mil. Responses to this sources sought announcement should reference in the subject: Sources Sought Response for the W519TC-26NB076-SS Aircraft Fire Extinguisher Cartridge JL42-44. Points of Contact Caitlyn Smith, Contract Specialist Phone: (520) 693-0085 Email: caitlyn.l.smith3.civ@army.mil Army Contracting Command – Rock Island Rock Island, IL 61299-8000 Meghan Newman, Contract Specialist Phone: (520) 851-5892 Email: meghan.p.newman.civ@army.mil Army Contracting Command – Rock Island Rock Island, IL 61299-8000 Emily Kundel, Contracting Officer Phone: (571) 588-8585 Email: emily.a.kundel.civ@army.mil Army Contracting Command – Rock Island Rock Island, IL 61299-8000

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Meghan Newman
  - Email: meghan.p.newman.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Emily Kundel
  - Email: emily.a.kundel.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/55decea4475b41d8bde86bf52db437c0/view)