---
layout: default
title: Law Enforcement and Border Security Program Advisor
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 1164c31e1e894673a319d22084f062f3
---

# Law Enforcement and Border Security Program Advisor

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 14:47:27.593-04
- Solicitation Number: PSC-26-018-INL

## Summary

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUREAU OF INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AFFAIRS (INL) You have received this "Personal Services Contractor” (PSC) solicitation through the Department of State (DOS) Internet site. If you have any questions regarding this PSC, you may contact the DOS Official named in this solicitation. The Department is not responsible for any data and/or text not received when retrieving this document electronically. Amendments to solicitation documents generally contain information critical to the submission of an application. Position Title: Law Enforcement and Border Security Program Advisor Location: Chisinau, Moldova Salary Level: FS-02 - $102,409-$150,391 (Equivalent GS-14) Period of performance: The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. Issuance Date: March 12, 2026 Closing Date: March 26, 2026 Closing Time: 3:00 PM ET Solicitation Number: PSC-26-018-INL Job description: See below Dear Prospective Offerors: The Department of State is seeking offers from qualified U.S. citizens to provide personal services for the subject position under a personal services contract, as described in this solicitation. Submittals must be in accordance with the attached information at the place and time specified. Applicants interested in applying for this position MUST submit the following materials: 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Complete resume. In order to fully evaluate your offer your resume must include: a. Paid a non-paid experience, job title, location(s), dates held (month/year), and hours worked per week for each position. Dates (month/year) and locations for any overseas experience must also be detailed. Any experience that does not include dates (month/year), locations, and hours per week will not be counted towards meeting the solicitation requirements. b. Specific duties performed that fully detail the level and complexity of the work. c. Names and contact information (phone and email) of your current and/or previous supervisor(s). d. Education and any other qualifications including job-related training courses, job-related skills, or job-related honors, awards or accomplishments. e. U.S. Citizenship Note: Resume must contain explicit information to make a valid determination that the candidate meets the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information needs to be clearly identified in the resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. 3. Evaluation Factor document specifically addressing: Each of the Evaluation Factors shown in the solicitation below. Responses must be limited to 500 words per Evaluation Factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Note: The Evaluation Factors are worth 70 out of 100 points. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have receive that are relevant to each Factor. 4. Professional References: Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Additional documents submitted will not be accepted. Incomplete or late offers will not be considered. Complete applications must be emailed to: U.S. Department of State, ATT: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team, INLPSCTeam@state.gov Sincerely, Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer, U.S. Department of State SUBJECT A solicitation for a Personal Services Contractor (PSC), Department of State (DOS), Bureau for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL). The United States Government (USG), represented by the DOS, seeks applications from US citizens interested in providing PSC services as described in this solicitation. PRE-AWARD ETHICAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSC (JUN 2011) This solicitation may result in the award of one or more personal services contracts as defined in FAR 2.101. Prior to contract award, all offerors or quotes must advise the cognizant Contracting Officer if they have a personal conflict of interest, such as a financial conflict, that would prevent them from either meeting the requirements of the clause entitled, “Post-Award Ethical Responsibilities of Personal Services Contractors,” or otherwise objectively performing their contractual duties upon contract award. HOW TO APPLY Offerors proposal shall be in accordance with the requirements stated in this solicitation at the place and time specified. A proposal will be determined non-responsive and ineligible for consideration unless all required documents and information are included in the submission. Offerors shall ensure their resume demonstrates their possession of the minimum qualifications outlined in this Solicitation, as well as their ability to fulfill all required duties. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred by the offeror during the solicitation process. NOTE REGARDING GOVERNMENT OBLIGATIONS FOR THIS SOLICITATION This solicitation in no way obligates the Department of State to award a PSC contract, nor does it commit the Department of State to pay any cost incurred in the preparation and submission of the application. Proposals must include the following and not exceed twenty (20) pages (additional pages will not be accepted or reviewed): 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Resume 3. Evaluation Factor Responses 4. Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Note: Your resume should contain explicit information to make a valid determination that you fully meet the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information should be clearly identified in your resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine your qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. Additional documents submitted beyond the requirements will not be accepted or reviewed. *** ONE PDF ATTACHMENT IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. The INL Section in the U.S. Embassy in Moldova coordinates and implements INL’s investments in law enforcement, border security, criminal justice and trafficking in persons, and online child exploitation, funded by the Department of State in accordance with an agreement between the U.S. and the Government of Moldova. In line with INL’s strategic priorities, INL/Chisinau works with Moldovan law enforcement and border security to ensure they have the capabilities to detect, address and deter transnational organized crime, to include cybercrime, and trafficking in persons, arms, drugs and other illicit goods, which are expected to increase following a ceasefire in Ukraine. INL is working to strengthen internal security, including along the Transnistria administrative line. In border security, INL is working to improve capacity to better secure the border through training and upgrading equipment. INL Moldova reports to the INL Bureau’s Office of Europe and Asia (INL/EA) and the Embassy’s Executive Office. INL/EA provides direction for programs in accordance with U.S. foreign policy objectives throughout Europe and Eurasia. The purpose of this Law Enforcement and Border Security Program Advisor Personal Services Contract (PSC) is to provide subject matter expertise on law enforcement and border security programs. The PSC will manage the day-to-day implementation, execution, and oversight of INL Moldova’s law enforcement, border security, and border security related programs in line with INL strategic priorities and U.S. security goals. When assigned, the PSC will also serve as a back-up to the INL/Chisinau Director when the INL/Chisinau Director is away from post, back-up other section personnel, and assist with other embassy needs as assigned by the INL/Chisinau Director, excluding managing U.S. direct hires. The Advisor will be expected to communicate to the U.S. Embassy’s Executive Office, the INL Bureau in Washington, other relevant Department of State bureaus, as well as other U.S. agencies and counterparts in U.S. Embassy Moldova. The Advisor will need to have a firm grasp of Department of State written reports and cables, abide by protocols for interacting and communicating with others in the mission and host government, and demonstrate strong management and interpersonal skills. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Chisinau-based INL Director or his/her designee, the Law Enforcement and Border Security Program Advisor will perform the following duties: 1. Provide timely analysis and advice to the INL Director on border security and law enforcement projects by coordinating with INL staff, embassy sections, relevant U.S. government agencies, and international donors to deconflict and synchronize efforts. 2. Strengthen, monitor, evaluate, and refine INL’s border security program and internal security programs while ensuring sustainability and accountability over the program through frequent communication with the U.S. Department of State, INL, other U.S. government agencies, Moldovan government contacts, and international co-funders. 3. Monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of program activities, contracts, and purchase orders. Implement monitoring and evaluation methods to ensure compliance with acceptable international standards and to assess intended and unintended programming impacts. 4. Enhance border security training in Moldova by working with Moldovan and international law enforcement personnel to improve training with a focus on curriculum development and, when appropriate, delivering training classes and mentoring training staff. 5. When requested, develop border security-related infrastructure projects to include projects at the Border Police Center of Excellence. This could also include developing infrastructure projects to strengthen internal security related to the Transnistria administrative line, at the international border, or points of entry. 6. Draft and review technical and programmatic documents, including funding and information memoranda and letters, project work plans, budgets, reports, talking points, briefing materials, daily updates for Washington, official embassy reporting, and other work-related documents as needed. 7. Clearly communicate INL’s priorities with U.S., international, and Moldovan government agencies. When requested by the INL Director, participate in outreach activities with host country and international security sector contacts to increase public awareness of INL programs and policies. 8. Establish and maintain collaborative working relationships with Moldovan border security sector and interagency officials. Advise INL Director, Moldovan government officials, and embassy counterparts on training and equipment requirements and on appropriate types and levels of support needed to initiate and sustain INL-funded projects. 9. Participate in border security meetings, the embassy’s Law Enforcement Working Group, security assistance, and other applicable expert and working-level groups and meetings both internal and external, and other meetings assigned by the INL Director. 10. Travel throughout Moldova to assess, monitor, and evaluate past, ongoing, and proposed projects, often over unpaved roads in remote locations. 11. If necessary and when directed, the incumbent will be embedded in the Border Police, other border security, or law enforcement related government entity to provide onsite advice. 12. When necessary, manage the INL Section and INL local staff as directed by the INL Director when the INL Director is not in the office, excluding the supervision of U.S. direct hires. 13. Uphold all Leahy vetting and other Congressional requirements related to the programming area, develop strong monitoring and evaluation plans, and support end-use monitoring efforts when directed by the INL Director or INL Washington. 14. When required, perform the role of Duty Officer. 15. Perform other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAININGS & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within the first six (6) months of arriving at post. 2. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) or other required security training prior to deployment to post in accordance with Department of State guidance. 3. Completes the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR), and Grants Officer’s Representative (GOR) courses within the first 120 days of assignment. The incumbent will need to keep and utilize these certificates for the duration of their contract. 4. If the incumbent does not speak either Russian or Romanian, then they will be asked to complete eight hours of Romanian language training classes within the first six (6) months at post with the goal of fostering a better understanding and respect for Moldovan culture. 5. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 6. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the U.S. Embassy Chisinau, Moldova. Frequent travel within Moldova is required. Occasional international travel for training, conferences, meetings, or other events may be required. RELATIONSHIP The Law Enforcement and Border Security Program Advisor reports to the INL/Chisinau Director. The INL Director will annually evaluate his/her performance based on the duties and responsibilities outlined herein and his/her interpersonal relationships within the Embassy, with the host government, and with international and local partners. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the INL Director or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government's requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The INL Director will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY This position involves planning, organizing, and completing financial and organizational analysis of enormous complexity. Due to the high visibility and political sensitivity of the issues in which INL is involved, there can be extreme difficulty in planning, organizing, and evaluating the scope and depth of studies/audits to be undertaken to further the Department of State’s and INL’s strategic goals. The PSC is expected to address difficult and complex scenarios by separating the strategic goals of the programs into their component parts to clearly assess progress on each, and to ensure the intent of the relevant legislation and policies are being translated into program actions. This position will also include complex equipment procurements which will require knowledge of technical specifications for communications and other related border security equipment. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS The PSC performs broad and extensive assignments related to a complex administrative/financial program spanning border security and law enforcement programming related to border security and internal security along the administrative line in Moldova, which is of significant interest to the U.S. public and to the U.S. Congress. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution and a minimum of seven (7) years of border security experience, including managing border security projects that required coordinating with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and/or relevant U.S. border security agencies and international co-funders; OR, a) Master’s degree from an accredited institution and a minimum of five (5) years of border security experience, including managing border security projects that required coordinating with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and/or relevant U.S. border security agencies and international co-funders. 3. A minimum of three (3) years of experience in program management, organizational development, program planning, and/or strategic development (to include program monitoring and evaluation) of border security or border security related reform programs in foreign countries. 4. Demonstrated experience preparing budgets, procurement of goods and services, and project implementation, oversight, and evaluation. 5. Demonstrated experience developing and managing U.S. government grants, projects, and/or cooperative agreements. 6. Demonstrated knowledge of procuring, operating, or technical expertise of communications and surveillance equipment related to border security and related activities. 7. Demonstrated experience coordinating and facilitating trainings or meetings with foreign counterparts and/or project implementers, and/or organizing seminars and workshops. 8. Demonstrated experience drafting analytical documents on law enforcement and border security matters for internal and external use during U.S. government employment. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1: Program Development and Management Experience (30 points) Demonstrated expertise and working knowledge of border security and law enforcement reform including the ability to assess needs, develop program plans, draft project budgets, and implement border security and/or law enforcement programs that support USG objectives. Factor 2: Interpersonal Skills (25 points) Demonstrated ability to build collaborative relationships with members of relevant USG agencies, host-government representatives, international and local organization representatives, and community members while working cooperatively with American and foreign national staff to develop, implement, and coordinate border security and/or law enforcement reform projects that build team cohesion, motivate team members to achieve shared goals and deliver quality work. Factor 4: Communication Skills (15 points) Demonstrated ability to explain difficult concepts verbally and in writing, report achievements clearly, conduct meetings efficiently, and persuade interlocutors diplomatically to support various program activities. Fluent Romanian or Russian speakers preferred. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in not receiving credit for all pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 30 Factor #2 – 25 Factor #3 – 15 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant's writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee's FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker's Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: INL PSC Team
  - Email: INLPSCTeam@state.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. The INL Section in the U.S. Embassy in Moldova coordinates and implements INL’s investments in law enforcement, border security, criminal justice and trafficking in persons, and online child exploitation, funded by the Department of State in accordance with an agreement between the U.S. and the Government of Moldova. In line with INL’s strategic priorities, INL/Chisinau works with Moldovan law enforcement and border security to ensure they have the capabilities to detect, address and deter transnational organized crime, to include cybercrime, and trafficking in persons, arms, drugs and other illicit goods, which are expected to increase following a ceasefire in Ukraine. INL is working to strengthen internal security, including along the Transnistria administrative line. In border security, INL is working to improve capacity to better secure the border through training and upgrading equipment. INL Moldova reports to the INL Bureau’s Office of Europe and Asia (INL/EA) and the Embassy’s Executive Office. INL/EA provides direction for programs in accordance with U.S. foreign policy objectives throughout Europe and Eurasia. The purpose of this Law Enforcement and Border Security Program Advisor Personal Services Contract (PSC) is to provide subject matter expertise on law enforcement and border security programs. The PSC will manage the day-to-day implementation, execution, and oversight of INL Moldova’s law enforcement, border security, and border security related programs in line with INL strategic priorities and U.S. security goals. When assigned, the PSC will also serve as a back-up to the INL/Chisinau Director when the INL/Chisinau Director is away from post, back-up other section personnel, and assist with other embassy needs as assigned by the INL/Chisinau Director, excluding managing U.S. direct hires. The Advisor will be expected to communicate to the U.S. Embassy’s Executive Office, the INL Bureau in Washington, other relevant Department of State bureaus, as well as other U.S. agencies and counterparts in U.S. Embassy Moldova. The Advisor will need to have a firm grasp of Department of State written reports and cables, abide by protocols for interacting and communicating with others in the mission and host government, and demonstrate strong management and interpersonal skills. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Chisinau-based INL Director or his/her designee, the Law Enforcement and Border Security Program Advisor will perform the following duties: 1. Provide timely analysis and advice to the INL Director on border security and law enforcement projects by coordinating with INL staff, embassy sections, relevant U.S. government agencies, and international donors to deconflict and synchronize efforts. 2. Strengthen, monitor, evaluate, and refine INL’s border security program and internal security programs while ensuring sustainability and accountability over the program through frequent communication with the U.S. Department of State, INL, other U.S. government agencies, Moldovan government contacts, and international co-funders. 3. Monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of program activities, contracts, and purchase orders. Implement monitoring and evaluation methods to ensure compliance with acceptable international standards and to assess intended and unintended programming impacts. 4. Enhance border security training in Moldova by working with Moldovan and international law enforcement personnel to improve training with a focus on curriculum development and, when appropriate, delivering training classes and mentoring training staff. 5. When requested, develop border security-related infrastructure projects to include projects at the Border Police Center of Excellence. This could also include developing infrastructure projects to strengthen internal security related to the Transnistria administrative line, at the international border, or points of entry. 6. Draft and review technical and programmatic documents, including funding and information memoranda and letters, project work plans, budgets, reports, talking points, briefing materials, daily updates for Washington, official embassy reporting, and other work-related documents as needed. 7. Clearly communicate INL’s priorities with U.S., international, and Moldovan government agencies. When requested by the INL Director, participate in outreach activities with host country and international security sector contacts to increase public awareness of INL programs and policies. 8. Establish and maintain collaborative working relationships with Moldovan border security sector and interagency officials. Advise INL Director, Moldovan government officials, and embassy counterparts on training and equipment requirements and on appropriate types and levels of support needed to initiate and sustain INL-funded projects. 9. Participate in border security meetings, the embassy’s Law Enforcement Working Group, security assistance, and other applicable expert and working-level groups and meetings both internal and external, and other meetings assigned by the INL Director. 10. Travel throughout Moldova to assess, monitor, and evaluate past, ongoing, and proposed projects, often over unpaved roads in remote locations. 11. If necessary and when directed, the incumbent will be embedded in the Border Police, other border security, or law enforcement related government entity to provide onsite advice. 12. When necessary, manage the INL Section and INL local staff as directed by the INL Director when the INL Director is not in the office, excluding the supervision of U.S. direct hires. 13. Uphold all Leahy vetting and other Congressional requirements related to the programming area, develop strong monitoring and evaluation plans, and support end-use monitoring efforts when directed by the INL Director or INL Washington. 14. When required, perform the role of Duty Officer. 15. Perform other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAININGS & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within the first six (6) months of arriving at post. 2. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) or other required security training prior to deployment to post in accordance with Department of State guidance. 3. Completes the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR), and Grants Officer’s Representative (GOR) courses within the first 120 days of assignment. The incumbent will need to keep and utilize these certificates for the duration of their contract. 4. If the incumbent does not speak either Russian or Romanian, then they will be asked to complete eight hours of Romanian language training classes within the first six (6) months at post with the goal of fostering a better understanding and respect for Moldovan culture. 5. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 6. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the U.S. Embassy Chisinau, Moldova. Frequent travel within Moldova is required. Occasional international travel for training, conferences, meetings, or other events may be required. RELATIONSHIP The Law Enforcement and Border Security Program Advisor reports to the INL/Chisinau Director. The INL Director will annually evaluate his/her performance based on the duties and responsibilities outlined herein and his/her interpersonal relationships within the Embassy, with the host government, and with international and local partners. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the INL Director or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government"s requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The INL Director will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY This position involves planning, organizing, and completing financial and organizational analysis of enormous complexity. Due to the high visibility and political sensitivity of the issues in which INL is involved, there can be extreme difficulty in planning, organizing, and evaluating the scope and depth of studies/audits to be undertaken to further the Department of State’s and INL’s strategic goals. The PSC is expected to address difficult and complex scenarios by separating the strategic goals of the programs into their component parts to clearly assess progress on each, and to ensure the intent of the relevant legislation and policies are being translated into program actions. This position will also include complex equipment procurements which will require knowledge of technical specifications for communications and other related border security equipment. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS The PSC performs broad and extensive assignments related to a complex administrative/financial program spanning border security and law enforcement programming related to border security and internal security along the administrative line in Moldova, which is of significant interest to the U.S. public and to the U.S. Congress. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution and a minimum of seven (7) years of border security experience, including managing border security projects that required coordinating with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and/or relevant U.S. border security agencies and international co-funders; OR, a) Master’s degree from an accredited institution and a minimum of five (5) years of border security experience, including managing border security projects that required coordinating with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and/or relevant U.S. border security agencies and international co-funders. 3. A minimum of three (3) years of experience in program management, organizational development, program planning, and/or strategic development (to include program monitoring and evaluation) of border security or border security related reform programs in foreign countries. 4. Demonstrated experience preparing budgets, procurement of goods and services, and project implementation, oversight, and evaluation. 5. Demonstrated experience developing and managing U.S. government grants, projects, and/or cooperative agreements. 6. Demonstrated knowledge of procuring, operating, or technical expertise of communications and surveillance equipment related to border security and related activities. 7. Demonstrated experience coordinating and facilitating trainings or meetings with foreign counterparts and/or project implementers, and/or organizing seminars and workshops. 8. Demonstrated experience drafting analytical documents on law enforcement and border security matters for internal and external use during U.S. government employment. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1: Program Development and Management Experience (30 points) Demonstrated expertise and working knowledge of border security and law enforcement reform including the ability to assess needs, develop program plans, draft project budgets, and implement border security and/or law enforcement programs that support USG objectives. Factor 2: Interpersonal Skills (25 points) Demonstrated ability to build collaborative relationships with members of relevant USG agencies, host-government representatives, international and local organization representatives, and community members while working cooperatively with American and foreign national staff to develop, implement, and coordinate border security and/or law enforcement reform projects that build team cohesion, motivate team members to achieve shared goals and deliver quality work. Factor 4: Communication Skills (15 points) Demonstrated ability to explain difficult concepts verbally and in writing, report achievements clearly, conduct meetings efficiently, and persuade interlocutors diplomatically to support various program activities. Fluent Romanian or Russian speakers preferred. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in not receiving credit for all pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 30 Factor #2 – 25 Factor #3 – 15 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant"s writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee"s FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker"s Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1164c31e1e894673a319d22084f062f3/view)