---
layout: default
title: C2 Cross Functional Team (CFT) Broad Agency Announcement
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: fc84df3f51e6493aa1a94a49ec0c77cf
---

# C2 Cross Functional Team (CFT) Broad Agency Announcement

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 12:57:01.493-04
- Solicitation Number: BAA-25-R-C2CFT

## Summary

UPDATE 20 MARCH 2026 There are no further updates as of 20 March 2026. Any updates on TEM 14 actions will be posted here on SAM.Gov. Thank you for your patience. UPDATE 4 DECEMBER 2025 The purpose of this notice is to share an update regarding the Calls for White Papers (CfWPs) aligned to TEM 14. Topic Areas 1, 2 & 3: An updated timeline will be provided on SAM.GOV no later than 15 January 2026. UPDATE 10 SEPTEMBER 2025 The purpose of this notice is to share an update regarding the Calls for White Papers (CfWPs) aligned to TEM 14. Topic Area 1: The Government will host Technological Demonstrations on 25 September. Vendors selected to provide a Technological Demonstration will be notified via direct e-mail correspondence. Vendors not selected to provide a Technological Demonstration will also be notified via direct e-mail correspondence. Topic Areas 2 & 3: An updated timeline will be provided on SAM.GOV no later than 1 December 2025. UPDATE 5 SEPTEMBER 2025 The purpose of this notice is to share an update regarding the schedule associated with Calls for White Papers (CfWPs) aligned to TEM 14. The Government will not conduct Technological Demonstrations between 8-12 September 2025 as specified in the CfWPs. Another update will be provided once the Government identifies an updated timeline. UPDATE 30 JUNE 2025 Please see the attachments section of this SAM.gov TEM 14 posting for the three (3) updated Call for White Paper (CfWP) files. A copy of the BAA and BAA Compliance Checklist has also been included for potential vendors convenience. Submit your WP's IAW all submission instructions. UPDATE: 21 APRIL 2025 A Draft Call for White Paper (CfWP) comment section, thru the TEM 14 Community, is currently open via the Joint Communication Marketplace at https://jtnc.sites.crmforce.mil/. Please note: registration to the Community will be required for submitting comments. Please see the Attachments/Links Section of this SAM posting to view the pdf file draft CfWP's for TEM 14. I. INTRODUCTION The BAA, announcement number BAA-25-R-C2CFT, is sponsored by the U.S. AFC, C2-CFT and will be open for five (5) years from the date of original issue. This BAA will be valid through 23 March 2030, unless terminated sooner. This BAA includes research interests from the C2-CFT/PEO C3N (located at APG, Maryland and or other Government agencies). U.S. AFC leads a continuous transformation of Army modernization in order to provide future warfighters with the concepts, capabilities, and organizational structures needed to dominate a future battlefield. The C2-CFT was established to address the most pressing challenges to the tactical network that our soldiers use on the battlefield. The C2-CFT brings the Warfighters, developers and testers to the center of the acquisition process through focused integration and disciplined innovation, enabling the Army to deliver leader-approved technology capabilities to warfighters. The C2-CFT is focused on integration of tactical network efforts and C3I systems and ensures disciplined innovation as it works with speed and precision. The C2-CFT is conducting experimentations and demonstrations of proven joint and special operations solutions, commercial- off-the-shelf (COTS) technology, and Non-developmental items (NDIs) with operational units to inform future requirements. The C2-CFT is promoting research to assist the Army with modernizing network with technology currently available. A. GENERAL INFORMATION This BAA is issued under the provisions of Parts 35.016 and 6.102(d)(2)(i) of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), providing for the competitive selection of R&D proposals submitted in response to this announcement. To be eligible for consideration and possible award, the technology or methodology shall be either basic research, applied research, advanced technology development not for a specific system/HW, or demonstration and validation. This BAA may be used by agencies to fulfill their requirements for scientific study and experimentation directed toward advancing the state-of-the-art or increasing knowledge or understanding rather than focusing on a specific system or HW solution; however, this BAA shall only be used when meaningful proposals with varying technical/scientific approaches can be reasonably anticipated. 1. Basic Research Defined as research directed toward increasing knowledge in science with the primary aim being a fuller knowledge or understanding of the subject under study, rather than any practical application of that knowledge. 2. Applied Research Is an effort that normally follows basic research, but may not be severable from the related basic research; attempts to determine and exploit the potential of scientific discoveries or improvements in technology, materials, processes, methods, devices, or techniques; and attempts to advance the state- of-the-art. 3. Development Defined as the systematic use of scientific and technical knowledge in the design, development, testing, or evaluation of a potential, new product or service (or of an improvement in an existing product or service) to meet specific performance requirements or objectives. It includes the functions of design engineering, prototyping, and engineering testing; it excludes subcontracted technical effort that is for the sole purpose of developing an additional source for an existing product. B. BAA ELEMENTS AND OVERVIEW 1. This is a hybrid BAA combining elements of an open, two-phased, reviewing process. Phase I is an open call for White Papers (WP) addressing four Command and Control Cross Functional Team (C2-CFT) R&D focus areas: the Unified Network; the Common Operating Environment; Joint and Coalition Interoperability; Command Post Mobility and Survivability. Phase II is the process where the C2-CFT Program Manager will invite selected offerors whose White Papers are best suited to fulfill the government’s R&D requirements to submit proposals for award consideration. An open BAA allows for WP submittals at any time until the expiration of this BAA. The Government reserves the right to not evaluate a WP submitted for topics other than the one identified in this BAA. Selection for PHASE II may or may not occur based on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, funding availability, relevancy and feasibility. The WP’s and proposals will be evaluated according to the instruction described herein. Phase One (1): Step One (1) - Submission of WP Based on the WP evaluation, the Government shall make a decision to select Offeror (s) to participate in a no-cost technological demonstration or go directly to Phase two (2) Submission of Proposals. Step Two (2) – Technological Demonstration (By Invitation Only) Phase Two (2): Submission of Proposals (By Invitation Only) Full proposals are requested from those potential Offerors selected in the Phase one (1) evaluation process. When proposals are received, they are evaluated and selected according to the procedures described herein. While this BAA will remain open, allowing WP submission at any time, the Government might also issue requests transmitted via “calls for WP,” using the SAM site, via https:// www.sam.gov and JCM (Joint Tactical Networking Center) site, via https://jtnc.experience.crmforce.mil/JTNC/s/limited-public/ bringing attention to one or more areas of interest requesting potential Offerors to submit a WP. The “calls for WP” might further define the technology/Government needs etc. or will simply request a WP for a specific topic. 2. WP’s may be submitted at any time while this BAA remains open, as well as in direct response to a call. The Government may award a contract or other transaction at any time while this BAA remains open. An award may also be made after the BAA expiration date if the WP is received before the expiration date occurs. This award may occur no later than six (6) months after the BAA expiration date. Offerors that submit a proposal without first submitting a WP and receiving an invitation from the Government to submit a proposal will not be eligible for award. 3. This announcement must be general in nature, identify the areas of research interest, include criteria for submitting and evaluating WPs, and solicit the participation of all Offerors capable of satisfying the Government's needs. Proposals that are selected for award are considered to be the result of full and open competition and in full compliance with the provisions of PL 98-369, the Competition in Contracting Act of 1984. Resulting agreements may be in the form of purchase orders, contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements depending upon the specifics of the effort, such as extent of Government involvement, actual scope of work, and cost. 4. The C2-CFT encourages industry interested in conducting scientific research, educational institutions, small businesses, and small disadvantaged business concerns, historically black colleges, university and minority business enterprises and institutions to submit WP’s. 5. The Government will consider the integrity and validity of Contractor Teaming Arrangements, as set forth in FAR Subpart 9.6, or Defense R&D Pools as set forth in FAR Subpart 9.7. The Offeror, certifies that the Offeror is not debarred, suspended, declared ineligible for award of public contracts, grants, agreements, or has been proposed for debarment pursuant to FAR 9.406-2. If the Offeror cannot certify, or if the status of the Offeror changes prior to award, the Offeror must provide detailed information as to its current award eligibility. 6. This BAA is an expression of interest only and does not commit the Government to make an award, nor pay for a vendor’s WP proposal preparation costs. The cost of WP and proposal preparation for response to a BAA is not considered an allowable direct charge to any follow-on award or agreement entered into with the government. Any award will be made subject to the availability of appropriated funds. The prospective Offeror will be reminded that only a duly warranted Contracting Officer (KO), from the U.S. Army Contracting Command, may obligate the Government to an agreement involving expenditure of Government funds. The Government reserves the right to fund all, some, one, or none of the WP’s or proposals received under this BAA. The Government anticipates making multiple awards subject to availability of funds. 7. This BAA may be amended to add new topics. Interested parties should be alert for any BAA amendments that may be published on the SAM site, via https://www.sam.gov and on the JCM site, via https://jtnc.experience.crmforce.mil/JTNC/s/limited-public. C. POINTS OF CONTACT All submissions, technical questions, or clarifications shall be submitted via the JCM site, via https://jtnc.experience.crmforce.mil/JTNC/s/limited-public included on the subject line BAA-25-R-C2CFT (i.e. Call for WP Number & Topic/Subtopic Number). No discussions by the technical staff are to be held with Offeror after proposal submission without PRIOR authorization from the KO. Contractual questions shall be directed to the cognizant ACC representative identified in SAM.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jeff Schoerner
  - Email: jeffrey.a.schoerner.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fc84df3f51e6493aa1a94a49ec0c77cf/view)