---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Announcement for Procurement of Air Traffic Control (ATC) Support Components that include NSN 5895-01-623-8439, PROCESSOR,SIGNAL DA, NSN 6145-01-589-2110, CABLE,SPECIAL PURPO, and NSN 5995-01-624-4533, CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC.
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 0cf2f55d587d4ca49c7cfe8e1a95ca41
---

# Sources Sought Announcement for Procurement of Air Traffic Control (ATC) Support Components that include NSN 5895-01-623-8439, PROCESSOR,SIGNAL DA, NSN 6145-01-589-2110, CABLE,SPECIAL PURPO, and NSN 5995-01-624-4533, CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC.

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 13:33:52.253-04
- Solicitation Number: DLA-Aberdeen-26-034

## Summary

The Defense Logistics Agency-Aberdeen, on behalf of the Army Integrated Logistics Supply Center (ILSC) – Supply Chain Management Directorate (SCMD) – Strategic Sourcing Directorate (SSD), intends to acquire Parts to support the Air Traffic Control (ATC) Support. The United States Army is looking for sources with the ability to procure existing ATC components. The Government does possess most of the technical data for the specified items but there may be some gaps in the technical data for some items. Suppliers who can manufacture one or more components may request information from the technical POC, Noel Acevero, to discuss technical data availability. The following are the Army’s estimated forecasts* for initial production: NIIN NOMENCLATURE QTY 01-623-8439 PROCESSOR, SIGNAL DA 2 01-589-2110 CABLE, SPECIAL PURPO 9 01-624-4533 CABLE ASSEMBLY, SPEC 2 Processor, Signal DA – Govt owns the TDP. Cable Assembly, Spec – Govt does not own the TDP. Cable, Special Purpo – TDP is unavailable. *Quantities listed are estimations and not guaranteed. Final quantities will be determined at time of solicitation. Responses must include a list of items the supplier can repair/provide as well as documentation that the supplier can provide the army with a physically and functionally repaired component from the list above. Examples of such documentation can be testing results, copy of purchase orders if the supplier was a vendor to the listed source, or a statement from the listed source demonstrating that the supplier can provide the Army with a solution. The Government will not pay for any information received or costs incurred in preparing the response to the market survey. Therefore, any cost associated with the market survey submission is solely at the interested vendor's expense. Requirements Description: The requirement is for purchase. All components listed below are part of Air Traffic Control (ATC) support systems. Please note that this is not a Request for Proposal. This notice is provided for planning purposes and is not to be construed as a commitment by the U.S. Government. The Government does possess the technical data package (TDP) for Part Number 1045744 (NSN: 5895-01-623-8439). The TDP is available for release. The Government does not possess the technical data package (TDP) for Part Number 209-000317 (NSN: 5995-01-624-4533). The TDP is not available for release. The Government does not possess the technical data package (TDP) for Part Number MEGSG00183 (NSN: 6145-01-589-2110). The TDP is not available for release. NIIN 016238439: This NIIN was last awarded on contract number SPRBL120D0012, delivery order SPRBL124F0088 on 05/31/2024. Contract number SPRBL120D0012 is a 10-year contract that was awarded on 12/18/2019 and expires on 12/17/2029. The contractor’s name is DRS Network & Imaging Systems, LLC. NIIN 015892110: This NIIN was last awarded on contract number SPRBL120D0017, delivery number SPRBL124F0016 on 11/15/2023. Contract number SPRBL120D0017 is a 10-year contract the was awarded on 01/22/2020 and expires on 12/17/2029. The contractor’s name is Enterprise Cabling, Inc. NIIN 016244533: This NIIN was last awarded on contract number SPRBL123D0005, delivery order SPRBL123F0202 on 09/28/2023. Contract number SPRBL123D0005 is a 5-year contract that was awarded on 04/06/2023 and expires on 04/05/2028. The contractor’s name is ASRC Federal Facilities Logistics LLC. Items and/or Services to Be Procured: NSN: 5895-01-623-8439 NOMENCLATURE: PROCESSOR,SIGNAL DA PART NUMBER: 1045744 CAGE: 81996 NSN: 6145-01-589-2110 NOMENCLATURE: CABLE,SPECIAL PURPO PART NUMBER: MEGSG00183 CAGE: 4EM71 NSN: 5995-01-624-4533 NOMENCLATURE: CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC PART NUMBER: 209-000317 CAGE: 4S077 Requested Response Information: We request that sources who can supply the listed parts or services submit information to show past repair performance or purchases. At a minimum the support information you submit should include documents of repairs, purchases or fabrications of listed equipment. Sources can also include drawings, test results, information on previous Government and commercial contracts, data rights, etc. In your response, please include your company name, CAGE code, and a technical point of contract with email address and telephone number. Notice, Response Due Date, and Points of Contact: This is a sources-sought announcement only for informational and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. This Request for Information (RFI) is being issued to accomplish market research and support planning for the below requirements. The Government will not pay for any information or reimburse any costs incurred in responding to this RFI. No solicitation is being issued at this time. All information submitted in response to this announcement is voluntary. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future RFP, if any is issued. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the SAM.gov site. It is the responsibility of the potential offerors to monitor this site for additional information pertaining to this requirement. This is NOT a Request for Quote or Proposal. The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this SSA or reimburse any costs associated with the preparation of responses to this SSA. This Sources Sought Announcement (SSA) is for planning and market research purposes only and shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government. The information gathered from this announcement will be used to determine if responsible sources exist, and to assist in determining if this effort can be competitive and/or set aside for Small Business. Furthermore, the Government will use the information, in part, to determine the best acquisition strategy for a potential procurement action and/or to assist in making acquisition strategy decisions in the future. All SSA responses should be emailed to the Points of Contact at the email addresses listed below. No phone inquiries will be accepted, either in response to this action or for information requests. All requests for information must be submitted via email to the Technical Point of Contact and the DLA Aberdeen Small Business Office. Please submit responses by 3/23/2026 Technical Point of Contact: noel.m.acevero.civ@army.mil Secondary Point of Contact: wesley.t.sparks.ctr@army.mil DLA Aberdeen Small Business: DLA.Land.and.Maritime.Small.Business.Office@dla.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Noel Acevero
  - Email: noel.m.acevero.civ@mail.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Wesley T. Sparks
  - Email: wesley.t.sparks.ctr@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0cf2f55d587d4ca49c7cfe8e1a95ca41/view)