---
layout: default
title: C1DA--657A5-26-104, Relocate Cath Lab to Fourth Floor Building 1 (VA-26-00045448)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 64023cbe56794a989392eb77a1567f34
---

# C1DA--657A5-26-104, Relocate Cath Lab to Fourth Floor Building 1 (VA-26-00045448)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-13 15:25:16.35-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0247
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Title: 657A5-26-104, Relocate Cath Lab to Fourth Floor Building 1 Contract Opportunity Number: 36C25526Q0247 Contracting Office: Network Contracting Office 15 Contracting Office Location: 3450 S 4th Street Traffic way, Leavenworth, Kansas Type of Notice: Sources Sought- Market Research Posted Date: 3/13/2026 Response Date: 03/27/2026 at 2:00 PM Central Time Set Aside: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Classification Code: C1DA -Architect and Engineering- Hospitals and Infirmaries NAICS Code: 541310 Architectural Services Please note that this is NOT a request for SF330's or proposals, the Government is seeking information for market research purposes only. The Government may or may not issue solicitation documents. The Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office (NCO) 15, is conducting a market survey for qualified: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB), capable of providing the required services outlined below for the VA Medical Center located in Marion, Illinois. The applicable NAICS code is 541310 Architectural Services and the size standard is $12.5 Million. Responses to this notice must be submitted via e-mail and received no later than Friday, March 27, 2026, at 2:00 PM Central Time. No telephone inquiries will be accepted or returned. Additional information about this project will be issued on the SAM.GOV website https://sam.gov/contracting once available and will be associated with number 36C25526R0083. Period of Performance for all design work is 365 calendar days including time for VA reviews. Design requirements are for a construction project with an estimated value of between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. Prospective SDVOSB firms are reminded that in accordance with VA Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) 852.219-75, the contractor will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not certified SDVOSBs listed in the SBA certification database as set forth in 852.219-73. The prime architect shall provide written certification of this to the Contracting Officer with the response provided for this market research. GENERAL SCOPE OF DESIGN: The mission of the Veterans Affairs Medical Center (VAMC) in Marion, Illinois is to provide the highest quality health care to our nation s veterans. In order to accomplish this mission, Marion VAMC Engineering Service intends to partner with an A/E Firm to relocate Cardiac Cath Lab from Building 1 second floor to building one fourth floor at the Marion VAMC Campus, 2401 West Main Street, Marion, IL 62959. The A/E Firm must provide Basic Professional Services as delineated in the Scope of Work. As part of the Basic Professional Services, Marion VAMC Engineering Service expects the following primary A/E disciplines to be included: Supervisory, VPIH, Civil/Structural, Architectural, Mechanical, Plumbing and Electrical, Physical Security and Fire Protection. The construction project will gut and rebuild Building 1 s fourth floor for use as a Cardiac Cath Lab. This design will cover the entire 4th floor, which is approximately 6,000 square feet of space. END OF SCOPE OF WORK Interested firms must be registered in https://sam.gov with NAICS code 541310 and qualified as a Service-Disabled Veteran Owned small business under NAICS code 541310. Qualified service-disabled veteran owned small businesses are encouraged to respond and required to be registered in with the Small Business Administration (SBA) registry https://veterans.certify.sba.gov on or before the response date. If interested in this opportunity, please provide Capability Statement via email. The Capability Statement is designed to inform the Department of Veteran Affairs of any prospective Architect and Engineering firms and their interest in this project. The submission is limited to 10 pages which shall include the following information: 1) Offeror's name, address, point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, and Unique Entity ID. 2) Offeror's interest in submitting their SF330 if this project goes to solicitation. 3) Offeror's capability to perform a contract of this magnitude and complexity. 4) Offeror's CVE certification as a Veteran owned business. 5) Please provide Socio-economic status for NAICS code 541310. 6) Offeror's Joint Venture information if applicable - existing and potential. No basis for claim against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this sources sought or Government use of any information provided. The Government will not pay for information or comments provided and will not recognize any costs associated with submission of comments. There is no guarantee, expressed or implicit, that market research for this acquisition will result in a particular set-aside, or any other guarantee of award or acquisition strategy. Responses must be received by 2:00 PM Central on March 27, 2026, via e-mail to the Contract Specialist at david.sterrettt@va.gov. PLEASE REFERENCE "SOURCES SOUGHT: Project 657A5-26-104, Relocate Cath Lab to Fourth Floor Building 1, IN THE SUBJECT LINE and cover sheet. Respondents will not be contacted regarding their submission or information gathered as a result of this Sources Sought notice. Interested firms shall be required to respond to additional announcements separately from this announcement without further notice from the Government when posted to the Contract Opportunities website at https://sam.gov/. The Contract Opportunities website is the only official site to obtain these documents. Contracting Office Address: Department of Veterans Affairs; Network 15 Contracting Office; 3450 S. 4th Street, Leavenworth, KS 66048 Point of Contact: David Sterrett, Contracting Officer, e-mail address: David.Sterrett@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David Sterrett
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: david.sterrett@va.gov
  - Phone: (913) 946-1146

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/64023cbe56794a989392eb77a1567f34/view)