---
layout: default
title: C1DA--578-25-002 AE Design Renovate 15th Floor Building 200
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: b2ae5f6fd45c4adba68b6763aae1c4d8
---

# C1DA--578-25-002 AE Design Renovate 15th Floor Building 200

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 13:45:48.915-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25226Q0231
- Awardee: null

## Summary

REQUEST FOR SF 330 36C25226Q0231 Project 578-25-002: Renovate 15th Floor Building 200 (AE) Design/Engineering Services SF-330 Package Due: March 31, 2026, at 1:00 p.m. CST (see details below) Points of Contact: Melanie.Fortune@va.gov INTRODUCTION: THIS IS A TOTAL 100% SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS (SDVOSB) SET-ASIDE in accordance with Public Law 109-461. This is a Request for SF330s for Architect/Engineer (A/E) Design Services for Project Number 578-25-002 Renovate 15th Floor Building 200 (AE) at the Edward J. Hines VA Hospital in Hines, IL. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. NO SOLICITATION PACKAGE WILL BE ISSUED via SAM.gov. A request for proposal will be issued directly to the top-rated firm for which negotiations will commence in accordance with FAR part 36. The anticipated A/E design services, to be awarded, will be procured in accordance with the Selection of Architects and Engineers Act (Public Law 92- 582), FAR Part 36.6 and VA Acquisition Regulation 836.6. Period of Performance: 393 Calendar Days Contract Type: Firm-Fixed-Price Estimated Magnitude of Construction: Between $10,000,000 and $20,000,000 NAICS Code: 541310 Size Standard: $12.5 Million SBA & SAM : in accordance with VAAR 819.7003, at the time of SF330 submission and prior to award of any contract, the offeror must represent to the contracting officer that it is a (1) SDVOSB eligible firm; (2) Small business concern under the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to the acquisition; and (3) SDVOSB listed as verified in SBA at: https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/ Additionally, all eligible firms must be registered and current in the System for Award Management (SAM) database to be evaluated and eligible for contract award. If the firm is not registered in SAM, you may register online at https://www.sam.gov. GENERAL DESCRIPTION: This publication is a Request for SF330s for the architectural services related to Project 578-25-002 Renovate 15th Floor Building 200 (AE) at the Edward J. Hines VA Hospital in Hines, IL. Interested firms shall submit a formal SF-330 package. https://www.gsa.gov/forms-library/architect-engineer-qualifications The resultant contract shall require the firm to provide a complete design and construction period services (construction administration) for all necessary requirements to renovate portions of the Renovate 15th Floor Building 200 at the Hines VA Hospital. See Attachment 1 for additional details. There is both a design and construction period services phase associated with this requirement. EVALUATION FACTORS: Selection criteria will be based on the following factors, in descending order of importance: FACTOR 1: SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE AND TECHNICAL COMPETENCE (35 Maximum Points) Subfactor 1A: Specialized Experience (20 Points). Subfactor 1B: Additional Experience. (10 points). Subfactor 1C: Technical Competence. (5 points). The A/E Firm shall demonstrate its specialized experience and technical competence in the design and construction period services for projects of similar size and complexity. Specialized project experience should include design of renovations to existing hospitals, renovations to buildings constructed prior to 1970 w/space constraints, design of Acute Care Services units, single patient isolations rooms, Bronchoscopy Suites, and HVAC upgrades to existing hospitals. Additional experience includes electrical and structural engineering, architecture, interior design and finishes, physical security upgrades, building management systems/building automation systems (BMS/BAS), critical path scheduling, fire protection, construction infection control protocols, and project phasing and coordination in an active hospital setting. Offeror shall include a minimum of three (3), and no more than five (5) recent and relevant Government and private experience projects similar in size, scope, and complexity, and experience with the type of projects/competence above. Relevant is defined as those task requirements identified in the Statement of Work. Recent is defined as services provided within the past seven (7) years with at least 50% of the Construction completed. At a minimum, include the following for each submitted project (if applicable): Project title, location, contract number, and detailed narrative describing the scope of services provided including the type of work performed by the offeror and its role in the project i.e., prime contract, Teaming Partner, or subcontractor. Project Owner, owner s point of contact including telephone number and email address. Services & Deliverables provided under the contract/task order Period of Performance, including start and completion dates for design and construction if applicable. Estimated cost of construction based on AE s design Final construction cost (or projected final construction cost if still underway) The percentage of total cost resulting from changes due to AE omissions. To demonstrate technical competence, the offeror shall include narratives of how the firm addresses each of the following topics. Simply restating this list will not be sufficient. The management approach The coordination of disciplines and subcontractors Quality control procedures Familiarity with VA Design Guides/Manuals, Master Specifications and other applicable standards. FACTOR 2: PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS (25 Maximum Points) Subfactor 2A: Key Positions. (20 Points). Subfactor 2B: SDVOSB Compliance (5 Points). The architects and engineers on the firm s staff representing the project or signing/stamping drawings in each discipline must possess a minimum of five (5) years of experience and are required to be licensed, registered, or certified by a U.S. state, the District of Columbia, or a U.S. territory. Provide professional license jurisdiction of issue and license numbers and/or proof of licensure. A resume for each of these key positions must be provided corresponding with the title matching the disciplines listed for the project. At a minimum, the offeror must describe the professional qualifications and specific experience in the required disciplines within the past five (5) years. Key positions and disciplines required for this project include, but are not limited to: Project Manager Architect Mechanical Engineer Electrical Engineer Plumbing Engineer Structural Engineer Interior Designer The evaluation will consider education, certifications, training, registration, overall and relevant experience and longevity with the firm. Offer must include the following statement of SDVOSB compliance when submitting the personnel proposed to perform the work under this requirement: I [signatory authority]______________________, [company] ________certify that the team proposed to perform under this requirement demonstrates the capability of 50% SDVOSB performance in compliance of 48 CFR 852.219-10. FACTOR 3: PAST PERFORMANCE (25 Maximum Points) Subfactor 3A: Past Performance of projects identified in FACTOR 1. (15 Points). Subfactor 3B: Average Past Performance of all projects (10 Points). Provide CPARS data for all projects identified in FACTOR 1. For any project that does NOT have CPARS data available, a Past Performance Questionnaire (PPQ) is required to be submitted with the SF330. Please utilize the attached PPQ document. CPARS data and PPQs will not be included in the page count. All projects provided in the SF 330 must be completed by the office/ branch/ individual team member performing the work under this contract. The following information must be clearly specified on each performance report: Contract/task order number Project title Prime firm Start date Completion date Offers shall only include CPARS data for the projects listed in FACTOR 1. The contracting officer shall directly retrieve CPARS reviews from www.CPARS.gov to determine average past performance of previous projects. Government Past Performance Information Systems may be accessed. Evaluating past performance and experience may include information provided by the firm, customer inquiries, Government databases, publicly available sources, and additional projects in CPARS. Failure to provide requested data, accessible points of contact or valid phone numbers could result in a firm being considered less qualified. FACTOR 4: CAPACITY (10 Maximum Points) The A/E Firm shall attest to its capacity to accomplish the work in the required time. The evaluation will consider the firm s ability to meet the schedule of the overall project, as well as the available capacity of personnel in key disciplines. The A/E Firm shall also provide the following: A list that shows the total number of design, and project professionals who are currently employed at the firm with professional titles for each. Total number of projects in study or planning stages Total number of active design projects Total number of active construction phase services A list of personal assigned to each of the above projects An analysis and report of available capacity of key personnel for immediate new work The respondent shall: Summarize its approach to staffing and company resource management For the key personnel on the proposed project team, tabulate their current and projected workload as percentages of their available individual capacity. List all work awarded to the A/E Firm by the VA during the previous 12 months, as well as any current indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts that it has. List the current stage and percentage of completion for non-IDIQ projects. A signed statement shall be provided stating that the firm acknowledges that prior to award of the contract, it is required to notify the Government of any changes in its capacity that could limit its ability to perform the work within the required time. FACTOR 5: GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION (5Maximum Points) Subfactor 5A: A/E firm staff can travel and be on site within 4 hours (2 Points). Subfactor 5B: A/E firm staff can travel and be on site within 8 hours (2 Points). Subfactor 5C: A/E firm staff can travel and be on site within 24 hours (1 points). Location of the firm, as measured by the travel time (hours) between the Offeror s principal business location and Edward Hines, Jr. VAMC, Hines, IL. Architect must provide details of travel between their main office and Edward Hines Jr, VAMC Hines, IL. This includes but not limited to airport travel time, driving distance, etc. If the architect has a satellite location, the architect must provide details of a fully staffed and well-established satellite office. Leasing documentation may be requested. SECONDARY SELECTION CRITERION*: FACTOR 6: CLAIMS (-5 to 0 Maximum Points) Subfactor 6: Record of significant claims against the firm because of improper or incomplete architectural and engineering services. (-5 to 0 Points ). * The secondary selection criterion is used as a tiebreaker, if necessary, in ranking the most highly qualified firms following the completion of discussions. The secondary selection criterion will not be applied when determining a firm s SF 330 2.1.b: After TEB Individual Ratings of the SF-330s are completed, the TEB shall convene and develop consensus ratings for the six evaluation factors of the SF-330s as defined above.

2.2 RFI Interviews: 2.2.a: After reviewing the RFI SF-330 TEB consensus ratings, the SSA shall select at least three of the most highly qualified firms for an interview. Below are the Individual TEB evaluation criteria for the interviews, listed in descending order of importance. PLEASE NOTE: The AE Evaluation Board must be provided with complete and accurate information for ALL evaluation factors above in order to rank interested and eligible firms. Therefore, the AE firm must expand upon, as it deems necessary, on any evaluation factor not well demonstrated or addressed with Part 1A to Part IG and Part II of the SF330. The AE firm shall use Part IH and/or use additional sheets to supplement/address all evaluation factors to clearly demonstrate its qualifications. Additionally, keep in mind the submission requirement restrictions outlined below when addressing evaluation factors. SELECTION PROCESS: in accordance with FAR 36.6, SF330s will be evaluated by the evaluation board using the evaluation factors identified in this announcement. After SF330s have been evaluated, discussions/interviews will be held with at least three of the most highly qualified firms. After discussions conclude, the evaluation board will evaluate the qualifications of the firms using the same evaluation factors, taking into consideration both the SF330 submission and subsequent discussions, to select the most preferred firm from the firms considered to be the most highly qualified. Negotiations will then begin with the most preferred firm. If a mutually satisfactory contract cannot be negotiated, the contracting officer shall obtain a written final proposal revision from the firm and notify the firm that negotiations have been terminated. The contracting officer shall then initiate negotiations with the next firm on the final selection list. This procedure will then continue until a mutually satisfactory contract has been negotiated. LIMITS ON SUBCONTRACTING: The awarded firm is expected to meet the requirements in FAR 52.219-14 entitled Limitations on Subcontracting" (JAN 2017) and VAAR 852.219-10 entitled "VA Notice of Total Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside" (JUL 2016). Compliance will be monitored throughout contract performance. CVE-verified AE firms must be able to perform 50% of the cost of contract performance SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS: Interested AE firms that meet the requirements listed above in this request for SF 330s shall submit one (1) electronic copy (via email with a size limitation of 10MB) of the SF-330 package NLT 1:00 p.m. CST, March 31, 2026 to the following address: Melanie.Fortune@va.gov Acceptable electronic formats (software) for submission of Qualifications: (a) Files readable using the current Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF); (b) Files in Adobe* PDF Files: When scanning documents scanner resolution should be set to 200 dots per inch, or greater; (c) Standard letter size 8-1/2 by 11-inch paper, limited to a maximum of thirty (30), single-sided, single-spaced, and numbered pages. If more than thirty (30) single-sided pages are submitted, all pages after thirty (30) pages will not be evaluated. The font for text shall be Times New Roman 12-point or larger. The submission shall be clear, concise and short; (d) Please note that we can no longer accept .zip files due to increasing security concerns. The SF330 can be downloaded through the GSA Forms Library at: https://www.gsa.gov/forms-library/architect-engineer-qualifications. No Fax Responses will be accepted: personal visits for discussing this announcement will not be entertained or scheduled. Questions may be directed only by e-mail to Melanie.Fortune@va.gov. VA Primary Point of Contact: Melanie Fortune, NCO 12 Contract Specialist, Melanie.Fortune@va.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Melanie Fortune
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: melanie.fortune@va.gov
  - Phone: (414) 384-2000 ext. 40018

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for additional details. There is both a design and construction period services phase associated with this requirement. EVALUATION FACTORS: Selection criteria will be based on the following factors, in descending order of importance: FACTOR 1: SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE AND TECHNICAL COMPETENCE (35 Maximum Points) Subfactor 1A: Specialized Experience (20 Points). Subfactor 1B: Additional Experience. (10 points). Subfactor 1C: Technical Competence. (5 points). The A/E Firm shall demonstrate its specialized experience and technical competence in the design and construction period services for projects of similar size and complexity. Specialized project experience should include design of renovations to existing hospitals, renovations to buildings constructed prior to 1970 w/space constraints, design of Acute Care Services units, single patient isolations rooms, Bronchoscopy Suites, and HVAC upgrades to existing hospitals. Additional experience includes electrical and structural engineering, architecture, interior design and finishes, physical security upgrades, building management systems/building automation systems (BMS/BAS), critical path scheduling, fire protection, construction infection control protocols, and project phasing and coordination in an active hospital setting. Offeror shall include a minimum of three (3), and no more than five (5) recent and relevant Government and private experience projects similar in size, scope, and complexity, and experience with the type of projects/competence above. Relevant is defined as those task requirements identified in the Statement of Work. Recent is defined as services provided within the past seven (7) years with at least 50% of the Construction completed. At a minimum, include the following for each submitted project (if applicable): Project title, location, contract number, and detailed narrative describing the scope of services provided including the type of work performed by the offeror and its role in the project i.e., prime contract, Teaming Partner, or subcontractor. Project Owner, owner s point of contact including telephone number and email address. Services & Deliverables provided under the contract/task order Period of Performance, including start and completion dates for design and construction if applicable. Estimated cost of construction based on AE s design Final construction cost (or projected final construction cost if still underway) The percentage of total cost resulting from changes due to AE omissions. To demonstrate technical competence, the offeror shall include narratives of how the firm addresses each of the following topics. Simply restating this list will not be sufficient. The management approach The coordination of disciplines and subcontractors Quality control procedures Familiarity with VA Design Guides/Manuals, Master Specifications and other applicable standards. FACTOR 2: PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS (25 Maximum Points) Subfactor 2A: Key Positions. (20 Points). Subfactor 2B: SDVOSB Compliance (5 Points). The architects and engineers on the firm s staff representing the project or signing/stamping drawings in each discipline must possess a minimum of five (5) years of experience and are required to be licensed, registered, or certified by a U.S. state, the District of Columbia, or a U.S. territory. Provide professional license jurisdiction of issue and license numbers and/or proof of licensure. A resume for each of these key positions must be provided corresponding with the title matching the disciplines listed for the project. At a minimum, the offeror must describe the professional qualifications and specific experience in the required disciplines within the past five (5) years. Key positions and disciplines required for this project include, but are not limited to: Project Manager Architect Mechanical Engineer Electrical Engineer Plumbing Engineer Structural Engineer Interior Designer The evaluation will consider education, certifications, training, registration, overall and relevant experience and longevity with the firm. Offer must include the following statement of SDVOSB compliance when submitting the personnel proposed to perform the work under this requirement: I [signatory authority]______________________, [company] ________certify that the team proposed to perform under this requirement demonstrates the capability of 50% SDVOSB performance in compliance of 48 CFR 852.219-10. FACTOR 3: PAST PERFORMANCE (25 Maximum Points) Subfactor 3A: Past Performance of projects identified in FACTOR 1. (15 Points). Subfactor 3B: Average Past Performance of all projects (10 Points). Provide CPARS data for all projects identified in FACTOR 1. For any project that does NOT have CPARS data available, a Past Performance Questionnaire (PPQ) is required to be submitted with the SF330. Please utilize the attached PPQ document. CPARS data and PPQs will not be included in the page count. All projects provided in the SF 330 must be completed by the office/ branch/ individual team member performing the work under this contract. The following information must be clearly specified on each performance report: Contract/task order number Project title Prime firm Start date Completion date Offers shall only include CPARS data for the projects listed in FACTOR 1. The contracting officer shall directly retrieve CPARS reviews from www.CPARS.gov to determine average past performance of previous projects. Government Past Performance Information Systems may be accessed. Evaluating past performance and experience may include information provided by the firm, customer inquiries, Government databases, publicly available sources, and additional projects in CPARS. Failure to provide requested data, accessible points of contact or valid phone numbers could result in a firm being considered less qualified. FACTOR 4: CAPACITY (10 Maximum Points) The A/E Firm shall attest to its capacity to accomplish the work in the required time. The evaluation will consider the firm s ability to meet the schedule of the overall project, as well as the available capacity of personnel in key disciplines. The A/E Firm shall also provide the following: A list that shows the total number of design, and project professionals who are currently employed at the firm with professional titles for each. Total number of projects in study or planning stages Total number of active design projects Total number of active construction phase services A list of personal assigned to each of the above projects An analysis and report of available capacity of key personnel for immediate new work The respondent shall: Summarize its approach to staffing and company resource management For the key personnel on the proposed project team, tabulate their current and projected workload as percentages of their available individual capacity. List all work awarded to the A/E Firm by the VA during the previous 12 months, as well as any current indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts that it has. List the current stage and percentage of completion for non-IDIQ projects. A signed statement shall be provided stating that the firm acknowledges that prior to award of the contract, it is required to notify the Government of any changes in its capacity that could limit its ability to perform the work within the required time. FACTOR 5: GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION (5Maximum Points) Subfactor 5A: A/E firm staff can travel and be on site within 4 hours (2 Points). Subfactor 5B: A/E firm staff can travel and be on site within 8 hours (2 Points). Subfactor 5C: A/E firm staff can travel and be on site within 24 hours (1 points). Location of the firm, as measured by the travel time (hours) between the Offeror s principal business location and Edward Hines, Jr. VAMC, Hines, IL. Architect must provide details of travel between their main office and Edward Hines Jr, VAMC Hines, IL. This includes but not limited to airport travel time, driving distance, etc. If the architect has a satellite location, the architect must provide details of a fully staffed and well-established satellite office. Leasing documentation may be requested. SECONDARY SELECTION CRITERION*: FACTOR 6: CLAIMS (-5 to 0 Maximum Points) Subfactor 6: Record of significant claims against the firm because of improper or incomplete architectural and engineering services. (-5 to 0 Points ). * The secondary selection criterion is used as a tiebreaker, if necessary, in ranking the most highly qualified firms following the completion of discussions. The secondary selection criterion will not be applied when determining a firm s SF 330 2.1.b: After TEB Individual Ratings of the SF-330s are completed, the TEB shall convene and develop consensus ratings for the six evaluation factors of the SF-330s as defined above

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b2ae5f6fd45c4adba68b6763aae1c4d8/view