---
layout: default
title: Portable Latrine and Greywater Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: dd0f309d58c44e1da663e7cc23b29414
---

# Portable Latrine and Greywater Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-27 11:35:02.685-04
- Solicitation Number: PANNGB-26-P-0000_033962

## Summary

USPFO P&C - Minnesota is interested in the identification of capable sources to perform portable latrine moving and servicing located on Camp Ripley, Minnesota and at Arden Hills, Minnesota as well as removing greywater from greywater tanks located on Camp Ripley Minnesota. The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision, and quality control necessary. This requirement is proposed to be a 12-month base year, plus four 12-month option periods, if exercised. This is a SOURCES SOUGHT to determine the availability and technical capability of small businesses (including the following subsets, Small Disadvantaged Businesses, HUBZone Firms; Certified 8(a), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses and Woman Owned Small Business) to provide the required supplies & services. THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE: The anticipated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 562991. The small business size standard is $9M. To assist the USPFO P&C Minnesota in deciding the level of participation by small business in any subsequent procurement that may result from this Sources Sought Notice, you are also encouraged to provide information regarding your plans to use joint venturing (JV) or partnering to meet each of the requirement’s areas contained herein. This includes responses from qualified and capable Small Businesses, Small Disadvantaged Businesses, Service Disabled-Veteran Owned Small Businesses, Women-owned Small Businesses, HUBZone Small Businesses, and 8(a) companies. You should provide information on how you would envision your company’s areas of expertise and those of any proposed JV/partner would be combined to meet the specific requirements contained in this announcement. In order to decide on a small business set-aside, two or more qualified and capable small businesses must submit responses that demonstrate their qualifications. Responses must demonstrate the company’s ability to perform in accordance with the Limitations on Subcontracting clause (FAR 52.219-14). SUBMISSION DETAILS: Responses should include: 1. Business name and address: 2. Name of company representative and their business title, telephone number, e-mail address: 3. Identification of business size (Large or Small) and Type of Small Business (if applicable): 5. UEI: 6. Anticipated teaming arrangements (if applicable). 7. Identify any major risks. 8. Any concerns/comments with anticipated NAICS code. 9. Interested businesses may submit brief capabilities (Government or commercial) as it relates to supporting the above requirement to include the following: a. Contract number b. Title and a brief summary of the objective of the effort c. Contracting agency or firm (Government or commercial) d. Value of the contract(s) and Period of Performance e. Type of contract(s), i.e., fixed price, cost reimbursement, labor hour f. NAICS code/small business size standard g. GSA Schedule number if any 10.Capability statement detailing: a.Ability to provide portable latrine and greywater services. Vendors who wish to respond to this “sources sought” notice, please email Jonathan Larsen (jonathan.d.larsen2.mil@army.mil). Subject Line: “Portable Latrine and Greywater Services: Sources Sought Notice Response.” All interested sources may submit a capability statement (no more than 5 pages) which shall be considered by the agency. The capability statement shall demonstrate the ability to provide the services and responses should include the submission details above. Documentation should be in bullet format. Your e-mailed submission of your capability statement may also include any comments or questions you may have. Interested parties should reply no later than 11:00AM CDT, April 7, 2026. Proprietary information and trade secrets, if any, must be clearly marked on all materials. All information received that is marked Proprietary will be handled accordingly. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned. All Government and contractor personnel reviewing sources sought responses will have signed non-disclosure agreements and understand their responsibility for proper use and protection from unauthorized disclosure of proprietary information as described 41 USC 423. The Government shall not be held liable for any damages incurred if proprietary information is not properly identified. The included services shall not include inherently governmental functions as defined in Office of Federal Procurement Policy (OFPP) Policy Letter 11-01, Inherently Governmental Functions" and FAR Subpart 7.5, Inherently Governmental Functions."

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jonathan D Larsen
  - Email: jonathan.d.larsen2.mil@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dd0f309d58c44e1da663e7cc23b29414/view)