---
layout: default
title: 6550--SURGICAL HELMETS
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: e2a93d17c58b4096b24884922ee21d37
---

# 6550--SURGICAL HELMETS

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 13:17:06.819-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24726Q0447
- Awardee: null

## Summary

BACKGROUND The Orthopedics, Neurosurgery and Podiatry Department require surgical helmets to perform a full range of surgical related activity including intraoperative decortication of bone, drilling and placement of implants. The consolidated operating room equipment (CORE) to console provides a convenient single control center for a multitude of powered instruments. It works across multiple specialties and with advanced drills and instrument portfolios. SCOPE The vendor will provide on-site in-service. The vendor is required for the initial unboxing and setup once delivered to the facility. VENDOR/CONTRACTOR REQUIREMENTS The vendor/contractor shall ensure all equipment meets specifications listed in the quotation. TASKS The vendor will deliver, remove all equipment from crates and packaging and inspect for damage, resolve any damage issues, perform a functional test, and provide training to the end user. Set-Up and training on all equipment to be provided by the vendor. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Joseph Maxwell Cleland Veterans Affairs Medical Center 1670 Clairmont Road Decatur, GA 30033 Operating Room CLASSIFICATION/SECURITY Vendor SHALL NOT install any anti-virus or security software on the equipment, this is the responsibility of the VA. The vendor will not have access to this equipment after the in-service has been performed. SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS: Brand Name or Equal: All quoters must clearly meet or exceed the stated salient characteristics identified below. All vendors must provide, with their quotation, a cross reference to clearly show the item(s) quoted meet or exceed all stated salient characteristics. Quotes found non-compliant with the solicitation will be removed from further consideration. Line item 1 Item Description: Surgical Helmet with Light Part Number: 0424-610-000 OR EQUIVELANT Salient Characteristics: Adjustable Fit:Â Three points of security for a customizable fit. Integrated Light:Â Features a bright, lightweight, rechargeable light. Cooling System:Â Includes a fan designed to target both the front and back of the user s neck. User Accommodation:Â Includes a ponytail path for long-haired users Compatibility: Designed to work with three different toga styles for protection.Â Intuitive design: Three points of contact and two adjustment points allow for a secure, customized fit. Controlled airflow: Optimized ports design directs airflow to the front and back of the neck for comfort and cooling. Enhanced visibility: Brighter light output with true-to-life color rendering and an expanded spot size. AAMI Levels 4 and 1: All disposables feature AAMI Level 4 protection in critical zones and Level 1 comfort in non-critical zones (AAMI PB70 2012). Auto-pause: Prevents fan operation without a disposable, reducing airborne particulate movement in the OR to aid in sterile practice. Toga option: Available for enhanced protection. Magnetic alignment: Three integrated magnets enable quick and accurate disposable attachment. Battery indicators: Visual battery life indicators located directly on the battery improve workflow efficiency. Quiet and lightweight: Reduces noise and distractions, offering comfortable fit customers hardly notice. Advanced LED lighting: Delivers 333 lumens with improved color rendering (CRI) and light temperature for high-visibility tasks. Line item 2 Item Description: Surgical Helmet Part Number: 0424-610-000 OR EQUIVELANT Salient Characteristics: Adjustability:Â Features three points of security to provide a customizable and secure fit for the user. User Comfort:Â Designed with a dedicated "ponytail path" to accommodate long-haired users. Cooling System:Â Integrated fan designed to target both the front and back of the user s neck for improved comfort. Lighting:Â Equipped with a bright, lightweight, and rechargeable light. Compatibility: Designed to work with three different toga styles for protection.Â Intuitive design: Three points of contact and two adjustment points allow for a secure, customized fit. Controlled airflow: Optimized ports design directs airflow to the front and back of the neck for comfort and cooling. Enhanced visibility: Brighter light output with true-to-life color rendering and an expanded spot size. AAMI Levels 4 and 1: All disposables feature AAMI Level 4 protection in critical zones and Level 1 comfort in non-critical zones (AAMI PB70 2012). Quiet and lightweight: Reduces noise and distractions, offering comfortable fit customers hardly notice. Auto-pause: Prevents fan operation without a disposable, reducing airborne particulate movement in the OR to aid in sterile practice. Toga option: Available for enhanced protection. Battery indicators: Visual battery life indicators located directly on the battery improve workflow efficiency. Magnetic alignment: Three integrated magnets enable quick and accurate disposable attachment. Advanced LED lighting: Delivers 333 lumens with improved color rendering (CRI) and light temperature for high-visibility tasks. Line item 3 Item Description: Battery Charger Part Number: 0424-655-000 OR EQUIVELANT Salient Characteristics: Function:Â Designed to charge Stryker Flyte Power Packs. Capacity:Â 8-bay, eight-station charger. Power Input:Â 120V, 50-60Hz, 1.7A. Plug Type:Â Hospital-grade NEMA 5-15 plug. Power Cord:Â Included 2-meter power cord. Indicator Lights: Charge (Amber):Â Illuminates while the power pack is charging. Ready (Green):Â Illuminates when the power pack is fully charged. Replace (Amber):Â Illuminates if a module is empty, if a power pack has exceeded its life, or is damaged. Replace (Flashing Amber):Â Indicates a malfunctioning charger module. Power (Green):Â Indicates the charger is connected to facility power. Module Indicator Light Bars:Â Features multiple LEDs to show battery charge levels (Amber for 0-79%, Green for 80-100%). Safety Rating:Â Medical electrical equipment, Class I, IPX0 rating. Chargers: Significantly faster charge time with a full charge in just 1 hour and 45 minutes. Extended runtime: Longer operation with reduced charging needs. Line item 4 Part Number: 0424-660-000 OR EQUIVELANT Item Description: Battery Pack Salient Characteristics: Operational Power:Â Provides power to the surgical helmet's internal fan system, designed to cool the user's head and neck. Capacity:Â Often associated with "extended life" technology in similar Steri-Shield systems (similar to the 0408-660-000 power pack), indicating it is built for long-lasting performance throughout surgical procedures. Design & Fit:Â The overall setup includes 3 points of securement for an adjustable, customized fit for the user. Safety Standards:Â Designed for use within sterile operating room environments Battery: New ergonomic design reduces weight for improved comfort with an extended battery life. Chargers: Significantly faster charge time with a full charge in just 1 hour and 45 minutes. Extended runtime: Longer operation with reduced charging needs. Quiet and lightweight: Reduces noise and distractions (17% quieter than flyte), offering comfortable fit customers hardly notice. Durable design: Rigid design shape for long-lasting use. Redirected airflow: Dual optimized ports improve cooling for user comfort.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joseph M Locke
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Joseph.locke@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e2a93d17c58b4096b24884922ee21d37/view)