---
layout: default
title: Rural Security Advisor
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 94f42a6fd0d747aba99c0bfd43aa2f0f
---

# Rural Security Advisor

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 10:01:47.365-04
- Solicitation Number: PSC-26-024-INL

## Summary

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUREAU OF INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AFFAIRS (INL) You have received this "Personal Services Contractor” (PSC) solicitation through the Department of State (DOS) Internet site. If you have any questions regarding this PSC, you may contact the DOS Official named in this solicitation. The Department is not responsible for any data and/or text not received when retrieving this document electronically. Amendments to solicitation documents generally contain information critical to the submission of an application. Position Title: Rural Security Advisor Location: Bogota, Colombia Salary Level: FS-02 - $102,409-$150,391 (Equivalent GS-14) Period of performance: The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. Issuance Date: April 9, 2026 Closing Date: April 23, 2026 Closing Time: 3:00 PM ET Solicitation Number: PSC-26-024-INL Job description: See below Dear Prospective Offerors: The Department of State is seeking offers from qualified U.S. citizens to provide personal services for the subject position under a personal services contract, as described in this solicitation. Submittals must be in accordance with the attached information at the place and time specified. Applicants interested in applying for this position MUST submit the following materials: 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Complete resume. In order to fully evaluate your offer your resume must include: a. Paid a non-paid experience, job title, location(s), dates held (month/year), and hours worked per week for each position. Dates (month/year) and locations for any overseas experience must also be detailed. Any experience that does not include dates (month/year), locations, and hours per week will not be counted towards meeting the solicitation requirements. b. Specific duties performed that fully detail the level and complexity of the work. c. Names and contact information (phone and email) of your current and/or previous supervisor(s). d. Education and any other qualifications including job-related training courses, job-related skills, or job-related honors, awards or accomplishments. e. U.S. Citizenship Note: Resume must contain explicit information to make a valid determination that the candidate meets the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information needs to be clearly identified in the resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. 3. Evaluation Factor document specifically addressing: Each of the Evaluation Factors shown in the solicitation below. Responses must be limited to 500 words per Evaluation Factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Note: The Evaluation Factors are worth 70 out of 100 points. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have receive that are relevant to each Factor. 4. Professional References: Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Additional documents submitted will not be accepted. Incomplete or late offers will not be considered. Complete applications must be emailed to: U.S. Department of State, ATT: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team, INLPSCTeam@state.gov Sincerely, Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer, U.S. Department of State GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. The INL section at U.S. Embassy Bogota, established in 1985, is among the largest and most complex INL offices in the world. INL Bogota is charged with developing strategies and programs to 1) dismantle TCOs, 2) disrupt U.S.- bound illicit drugs and 3) expanding U.S advantage and access. INL Bogota’s Frontline Operations Against Rural Threats (FORT) program is a part of INL Bogota’s Law Enforcement Innovation (LEI) Division, and boosts Colombian National Police (CNP) capacity to deprive FTOs and TCOs of operating grounds by building and fortifying police bases in key narcotrafficking corridors in rural Colombia; providing operational support via specialized training and equipment, and supporting CNP’s canine program. The purpose of this Rural Security Advisor (RSA) Personal Services Contract is to provide specialized expertise to advance INL FORT Program objectives in Colombia including base defense, operations, rural construction and the K9 program. The RSA will serve as the in-country rural operations advisor and oversee all management aspects of the program (including funding, training, equipment accountability, and implementer performance). The RSA will work with the program officer to develop programs that increase police presence in rural Colombia. The RSA will also provide internal controls and accountability for the delivery of equipment, technical assistance, training, and other assistance to the CNP. The RSA must be able to work rapidly, responding promptly to multiple and evolving priorities in a difficult and demanding environment. The position requires engineering experience and senior law enforcement or military professional experience specifically in counternarcotics, counter-terrorism, and operations in high-threat rural environments to enable the incumbent to determine swiftly what assistance is required, within what timeframe it must be implemented, where expertise can be sourced from, and how such assistance must be supervised to ensure its effectiveness. The program leans heavily into operational advising in kinetic environments. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Bogota-based LEI Division Deputy Chief and LEI Division Chief or his/her designee, the Rural Security Advisor will perform the following duties: 1. Identifies opportunities and implements programs to expand and sustain permanent police presence in rural Colombia. Manages the construction of rural police bases and the fortification of existing bases, and coordinates INL support for increased Colombian law enforcement operations and deployments in rural areas. Acts as INL’s senior advisor and manager for police station/base security to bolster police positions and effectiveness in priority zones. 2. Advises INL on the consolidation of security priority zones in. Ensures Ministry of National Defense, CNP, military, and Embassy Bogota efforts are coordinated and result in improved security. 3. Supports the CNP to conduct rural police operations involving specialized units by advising on training, the procurement of equipment, and other logistical support. Provides advice on opportunities to support joint police-military rural operations. 4. Advises the CNP on deployment, training, and equipping of base security teams; coordinates the procurement and delivery of base security construction equipment; determines training requirements for operations and institutional development and coordinates training that results in improved institutional capacity and operational results. 5. Supports the CNP on law enforcement planning, to include the proper use of assets available to ensure maximum effective use of limited assets. Visits stations, bases, and field sites to ensure CNP are using U.S.-provided training and equipment properly and that there is no fraud, waste, or mismanagement in the program through continuous oversight and end-use monitoring in the operational area. Conducts senior-level field surveys, evaluations, and special studies, as directed. 6. Coordinates with other INL programs and U.S. Embassy sections to advise on the procurement of specialized equipment, including weapons, communications, and intelligence systems, to provide enhanced police operational effectiveness. 7. Analyzes and reports on security developments in Colombia, ensuring that INL Bogota is fully informed on law enforcement capabilities, capacity, performance, and opportunities. Provides analysis and guidance in budget preparation and program planning. 8. Briefs Department, Congressional, and visitors orally and in writing on INL-funded law enforcement programs in Bogota. Prepares documents for presentation to the U.S. Congress. Develops appropriate itinerary and accommodates official travelers, as necessary. Develops and maintains professional and social relationships with host government officials to ensure close, cooperative working relationships. 9. Establishes and maintains appropriate internal management control systems. Ensures that INL programs are not subject to waste, fraud, or mismanagement. Helps manage and monitor the use of all U.S.-provided commodities intended for law enforcement purposes. 10. Maintains security awareness and properly handles classified and controlled items and information. 11. When required, performs the role of Duty Officer. 12. Performs other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAINING & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Completes the Contracting Officer Representative (PA296) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC)withing 120 days of arriving at Post to serve as a Contracting Officer Representative (COR). 2. Completes the NFATC DL courses Introduction to Grants and Cooperative Agreements (PY220), Monitoring Grants and Cooperative Agreements (PY222), and Federal Assistance and OMB Guidance (PY224) within 120 days of arriving at Post to serve as a Grants Officer Representative (GOR) and/or Agreement Officer Representative (AOR). 3. Completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) DL course through the NFATC within the first six (6) months of arriving at Post. 4. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) prior to deployment to Post. 5. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 6. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the U.S. Embassy Bogota, Colombia. Regular travel to rural areas, small towns, and occasionally to large cities throughout Colombia is a requirement of this position. Many of these areas in Colombia are conflict zones where insurgent groups are based, criminal organizations operate, and crime is generally high. In addition, many of these areas in Colombia are tropical, with high temperatures, high humidity, tropical insects and diseases, and minimal infrastructure. RELATIONSHIPS The Rural Security Advisor will report to the LEI Division Deputy Chief and LEI Division Chief and liaise and coordinate with other INL Bogota programs and with INL/WHP staff in Washington, DC. The RSA will provide general administrative and policy direction concerning overall program priorities and objectives, as well as work with INL/WHP to develop and manage programs and related issues. The RSA will liaise with other agencies/government representatives actively in the fields of policing, law enforcement, rule of law and rural security, and with host government contacts. The RSA will monitor FORT projects in Colombia, analyzing their effectiveness and suggesting improvements. The RSA will work closely with INL Bogota’s Senior Police Advisor on issues related to police training. The INL Program Manager will provide yearly performance evaluations to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the INL Program Manager or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government's requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The INL Program Manager will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY This position involves planning, organizing and completing financial and organizational analysis of enormous complexity. Due to the high visibility and political sensitivity of the issues in which INL is involved, there is extreme difficulty in identifying the nature of the issues and planning, organizing and determining the scope and depth of studies/audits to be undertaken. The PSC is expected to address difficult scenarios by separating the substantive nature of the programs or issues into their components and determining the nature and magnitude of programs or issues, as well as in discerning the intent of the legislation and policy statements and determining how to translate the intent into program actions. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS The PSC performs broad and extensive assignments related to a complex administrative/financial program spanning the full range of transnational organized crime, law enforcement, criminal justice, and counternarcotics programs in Colombia, which is of significant interest to the public and to Congress. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited U.S. institution. 3. A minimum of ten (10) years of professional experience serving in a security and/or law enforcement advisory role as a member of the U.S. armed forces or as a federal law enforcement officer. 4. A minimum of five (5) years of professional experience abroad managing bilateral or multi-country security assistance programs. 5. Demonstrated experience developing and managing long-term security, counternarcotics, and/or law enforcement programs, including assessment, monitoring, and evaluation. 6. Demonstrated knowledge and experience with combat engineering, expeditionary operations, or construction of law enforcement bases/security installations. 7. Demonstrated knowledge of military and police training activities and of U.S. military schools and/or police academies; police and/or military tactical deployment in counter-narcotics operations; command communications; intelligence procedures; weapons and armament systems; counter-IED capabilities; and logistics management procedures. 8. Demonstrated experience planning, strategizing, implementing, and reporting on projects. 9. Demonstrated experience drafting analytical briefing papers, memoranda, letters, and reports for review and/or signature by senior-level officials. 10. Demonstrated experience working with host-nation counterparts, departments, and ministries to further program objectives. 11. Demonstrated ability to read and speak Spanish at the professionally proficient level. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1: Work Experience (30 Points) Demonstrated work experience in initiating, developing, and managing complex projects to support foreign government security forces. This includes security training and logistics and construction/base security. Candidates with previous work experience with the Department of State and previous work experience in Colombia preferred. Factor 2: Program Experience (10 points) Demonstrated experience managing acquisitions processes, including developing work plans and statements of work, and selecting vendors and implementers; carrying out project-related budget and financial management; and conducting monitoring and evaluation to measure program effectiveness. Factor 3: Management & Communication Experience (30 points) Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, in English and in Spanish, and in a timely and concise manner; interact effectively with others at all levels to prepare, analyze, explain and defend determinations and requirements with respect to conformance to applicable laws, policies and other regulatory guidelines; and advise program officials. Demonstrated ability to draft policy documents, reports, or memoranda for review by, and signature of, senior level officials in the Embassy and in the Department of State. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in your not receiving credit for all your pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 30 Factor #2 – 10 Factor #3 – 30 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant's writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the GS/FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee's FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker's Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Dominique Chittum
  - Email: chittumda@state.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/94f42a6fd0d747aba99c0bfd43aa2f0f/view)