---
layout: default
title: Counternarcotics (CN) Advisor
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: dcef31ce8c4a43bcbf8eac5a76821891
---

# Counternarcotics (CN) Advisor

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 12:55:45.726-04
- Solicitation Number: PSC-26-021-INL

## Summary

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUREAU OF INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AFFAIRS (INL) You have received this "Personal Services Contractor” (PSC) solicitation through the Department of State (DOS) Internet site. If you have any questions regarding this PSC, you may contact the DOS Official named in this solicitation. The Department is not responsible for any data and/or text not received when retrieving this document electronically. Amendments to solicitation documents generally contain information critical to the submission of an application. Position Title: Counternarcotics (CN) Advisor Location: Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic Salary Level: FS-02 - $102,409-$150,391 (Equivalent GS-14) Period of performance: The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. Issuance Date: April 1, 2026 Closing Date: April 15, 2026 Closing Time: 3:00 PM ET Solicitation Number: PSC-26-021-INL Job description: See below Dear Prospective Offerors: The Department of State is seeking offers from qualified U.S. citizens to provide personal services for the subject position under a personal services contract, as described in this solicitation. Submittals must be in accordance with the attached information at the place and time specified. Applicants interested in applying for this position MUST submit the following materials: 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Complete resume. In order to fully evaluate your offer your resume must include: a. Paid a non-paid experience, job title, location(s), dates held (month/year), and hours worked per week for each position. Dates (month/year) and locations for any overseas experience must also be detailed. Any experience that does not include dates (month/year), locations, and hours per week will not be counted towards meeting the solicitation requirements. b. Specific duties performed that fully detail the level and complexity of the work. c. Names and contact information (phone and email) of your current and/or previous supervisor(s). d. Education and any other qualifications including job-related training courses, job-related skills, or job-related honors, awards or accomplishments. e. U.S. Citizenship Note: Resume must contain explicit information to make a valid determination that the candidate meets the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information needs to be clearly identified in the resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. 3. Evaluation Factor document specifically addressing: Each of the Evaluation Factors shown in the solicitation below. Responses must be limited to 500 words per Evaluation Factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Note: The Evaluation Factors are worth 70 out of 100 points. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have receive that are relevant to each Factor. 4. Professional References: Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Additional documents submitted will not be accepted. Incomplete or late offers will not be considered. Complete applications must be emailed to: U.S. Department of State, ATT: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team, INLPSCTeam@state.gov Sincerely, Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer, U.S. Department of State SUBJECT A solicitation for a Personal Services Contractor (PSC), Department of State (DOS), Bureau for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL). The United States Government (USG), represented by the DOS, seeks applications from US citizens interested in providing PSC services as described in this solicitation. PRE-AWARD ETHICAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSC (JUN 2011) This solicitation may result in the award of one or more personal services contracts as defined in FAR 2.101. Prior to contract award, all offerors or quotes must advise the cognizant Contracting Officer if they have a personal conflict of interest, such as a financial conflict, that would prevent them from either meeting the requirements of the clause entitled, “Post-Award Ethical Responsibilities of Personal Services Contractors,” or otherwise objectively performing their contractual duties upon contract award. HOW TO APPLY Offerors proposal shall be in accordance with the requirements stated in this solicitation at the place and time specified. A proposal will be determined non-responsive and ineligible for consideration unless all required documents and information are included in the submission. Offerors shall ensure their resume demonstrates their possession of the minimum qualifications outlined in this Solicitation, as well as their ability to fulfill all required duties. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred by the offeror during the solicitation process. NOTE REGARDING GOVERNMENT OBLIGATIONS FOR THIS SOLICITATION This solicitation in no way obligates the Department of State to award a PSC contract, nor does it commit the Department of State to pay any cost incurred in the preparation and submission of the application. Proposals must include the following and not exceed twenty (20) pages (additional pages will not be accepted or reviewed): 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Resume 3. Evaluation Factor Responses 4. Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Note: Your resume should contain explicit information to make a valid determination that you fully meet the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information should be clearly identified in your resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine your qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. Additional documents submitted beyond the requirements will not be accepted or reviewed. *** ONE PDF ATTACHMENT IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that make America safer, stronger, and more prosperous. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to dismantle transnational criminal and foreign terrorist organizations (TCO/FTOs), disrupt U.S. -bound illicit drugs, and expand U.S. advantage and access overseas. INL’s Office of Western Hemisphere Programs (INL/WHP) develops narcotics control and anticrime policy initiatives for countries in the Western Hemisphere that produce and transit narcotics. INL/WHP provides overall program and policy direction for INL bilateral narcotics and anticrime assistance programs at overseas posts by developing and revising drug and crime strategies and coordinating program development with other U.S. agencies. INL/WHP is responsible for coordinating policy and programs with other U.S. government (USG) departments and agencies involved in international narcotics control and crime activities, including the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP), the Department of War (DOW), Department of Justice (DOJ), Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and the Department of the Treasury. The purpose of this Personal Services Contract (PSC) is to fill the position of Counternarcotics (CN) Advisor to the INL section at the U.S. Embassy in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. The incumbent will be the primary advisor on all matters related to counternarcotics, arms trafficking, and special investigations into TCO/FTOs. The incumbent will serve as the in-country program coordinator for counternarcotics and special investigations, responsible to the INL Director. The incumbent will work in coordination with other INL personnel and third-party contractors to provide program implementation, direction, and execution oversight in support of Government of the Dominican Republic (GODR) entities. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Santo Domingo-based INL Director or his/her designee, the Counternarcotics Advisor will perform the following duties: 1. Manage the full lifecycle of counternarcotics programming in the Dominican Republic. Program cycle includes strategic and budget planning, design, coordination, implementation, oversight, monitoring and evaluation, and closeout. Ensure INL counternarcotics assistance projects meet strategic objectives and foreign assistance priorities set by the White House, the Department of State, Embassy Santo Domingo, and INL Santo Domingo. 2. Coordinate with Dominican Republic law enforcement entities with special emphasis on training activities for personnel, particularly the National Directorate for Drug Control (DNCD), to detect and dismantle the manufacturing and trafficking of illegal drugs, arms trafficking, and related TCO/FTO activities, building investigation and interdiction capabilities on land, air, and sea. 3. Review support requests for accuracy and applicability, develop requirements for supporting GODR efforts to detect and dismantle TCO/FTO networks. Refine existing or develop new interdiction capabilities that align with INL strategies and priorities; represent INL to high level U.S. and Dominican officials; manage assigned INL programs and projects; and provide advice, training, technical assistance, and equipment to GODR entities. 4. Provide policy analysis and program guidance to INL to develop sustainable and institutional programs to dismantle TCO/FTOs, counternarcotics, interdict arms trafficking, and establish effective maritime security programs in the Dominican Republic. Such guidance may address a range of issues, to include strategy, capacity, training and technical assistance requirements, and procurement planning. 5. Lead the preparation of documentation for procurement of technical services, training, and equipment; monitor procurement actions including drafting source origin waivers, contract and grant solicitations, interagency agreements, scopes of work, bilateral letters of agreement, delivery, and acceptance of items procured to support INL Santo Domingo. 6. Work with INL and host nation personnel to develop necessary command, control, communication, intelligence, investigations, and forensic support for the Dominican law enforcement entities to include the DNCD and various interdiction units through technical support for communications, computer systems, data analysis, and field investigations. 7. Exercise oversight for a locally employed staff program specialist, contract oversight for a third-party contracting staff advisor, and four Dominican government liaison staff in the course of their duties working on counternarcotics programming, as assigned. 8. Serve as a Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR), Agreements Officer’s Representative (AOR), and/or Grants Officer’s Representative (GOR). 9. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with key Dominican law enforcement officials, forensic specialists, and agencies. Represent INL and the USG in coordination meetings with the GODR and other foreign governments as required. 10. Review and advise on technical purchases to include refurbishment of counternarcotics communications, technological and maritime equipment including vessels, as well as on maintenance and operational training. 11. Assist in the establishment of an integrated logistics and preventative maintenance and inventory program that is essential to the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative (CBSI). 12. Assist INL Santo Domingo project budget preparation and program planning. Define and make recommendations on procurements and preparation of related budget documentation. 13. Prepare background materials and reports for INL and Mission leadership for attendance at counternarcotics related meetings, national and international conferences and seminars, and meetings with GODR officials. Prepare speeches and briefings to articulate INL engagement on counternarcotics projects and initiatives in the Dominican Republic, and brief visiting officials directly when requested. 14. Provide advice and technical assistance in end-use monitoring (EUM) of U.S. government-supplied commodities and services, preparing input for the annual EUM report to the U.S. Congress. 15. Provide advice, assistance, and leadership when required, in the formulation of INL input to the Integrated Country Strategy (ICS), the annual country budget request, the International Narcotics Control Strategy Report (INCSR), and other reports as needed. 16. Recommend training required to improve police performance in detection, interdiction, custody, disposal of illicit drugs, weapons, as well as investigations. 17. Work directly with other USG agencies to help build Dominican law enforcement entities’, to include the DNCD, counternarcotics and special investigations capabilities by coordinating USG-provided training, logistical support, and technical assistance. 18. Draft letters, cables, and other reports on INL activities under general guidance of the INL Director. 19. When required, perform the role of Duty Officer. 20. Perform other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAININGS & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Completes the Contracting Officer Representative (PA296) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within 120 days of arriving at Post. 2. Completes the required Grants Officer Representative distance learning (DL) courses through NFATC and obtains GOR certification within 120 days of arriving at Post. Certification must continue throughout life of contract. 3. Completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through NFATC within the first six (6) months of arriving at Post. 4. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (OT650) prior to deployment to Post. 5. Completes INL-relevant courses within the first nine (9) months of arriving at Post: a. PP420 INL Program and Project Management I b. PP421 INL Financial Management c. PP422 INL Contract Administration, Procurement Policies and Procedures d. PA396 ILMS Ariba for Procurement Agents 6. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 7. Consultations with the INL Program Office prior to arrival may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is U.S. Embassy Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. The advisor also has an office at the national Directorate for the Control of Drugs (DNCD) where they have regular office hours. The advisor may be occasionally required to travel in-country and regionally on a TDY basis to meet program needs. RELATIONSHIPS The Advisor will receive general guidance and report directly to the INL Director or his/her designee. Specific assignments originate frequently from liaison activities and the Advisor will negotiate the draft scope and objectives of counternarcotics related projects independently with little input or review. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the INL Director or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government's requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The INL Director will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY This position involves analyzing, assessing, planning, organizing, and implementing of complex counternarcotics law enforcement projects. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS The Advisor will perform broad and extensive assignments related to complex programs spanning the full range of counternarcotics and special investigation activities, to include detection, investigations, training, and analysis of counternarcotics unit’s abilities to effectively interdict illicit drugs in Dominican Republic before they can be trafficked to the United States. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution; or, a. A minimum of ten (10) years of counternarcotics experience in the military, law enforcement, international development, international affairs, or public administration. 3. A minimum of ten (10) years of experience in dismantling drug trafficking organizations through the investigation and prosecution of major drug trafficking offenders. 4. A minimum of five (5) years of experience working with U.S. Embassy organizations and complex interrelated activities, as well as familiarity with programs, organization, and operations of other USG elements involved in counternarcotics programs. 5. A minimum of three (3) years of general administrative and program management experience with demonstrated experience evaluating programs and identifying areas for improvement/change. 6. Demonstrated previous overseas experience working with host governments in Latin America and/or the Caribbean, including training/instruction of foreign personnel. 7. Demonstrated supervisory level experience in strategic planning for small, medium, and large units. 8. Demonstrated experience in developing and managing capacity-building programs in counternarcotics investigations and interdiction capabilities including maritime, preferred. 9. Demonstrated ability to read and speak Spanish at the professionally proficient level. EVALUATION CRITERIA (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1 Work Experience: (20 points) Demonstrated ability to provide expert subject matter and program recommendations to senior level policy makers within the Embassy and INL on a broad spectrum of counternarcotics, TCO/FTO, and maritime law enforcement operations and investigations in Spanish and English. Factor 2 Program Management: (20 points) Demonstrated experience and ability to evaluate existing programs and assist in developing, planning, implementing, and monitoring programs with regard to counternarcotics, investigations. and maritime security. Factor 3 Liaison and Communication: (20 points) Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively, across cultures, both orally and in writing. Interact effectively with others at all levels to prepare, analyze, explain, and defend determinations and requirements with respect to conformance to applicable laws, policies, and other regulatory guidelines; and advise program officials. Factor 4 International Experience: (10 points) Demonstrated ability to successfully interact with members of relevant USG agencies, host nation representatives, and the international community in developing and coordinating security assistance programs and operations. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in your not receiving credit for all your pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 20 Factor #2 – 20 Factor #3 – 20 Factor #4 – 10 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant's writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee's FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker's Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: INL PSC Team
  - Email: INLPSCTeam@state.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that make America safer, stronger, and more prosperous. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to dismantle transnational criminal and foreign terrorist organizations (TCO/FTOs), disrupt U.S. -bound illicit drugs, and expand U.S. advantage and access overseas. INL’s Office of Western Hemisphere Programs (INL/WHP) develops narcotics control and anticrime policy initiatives for countries in the Western Hemisphere that produce and transit narcotics. INL/WHP provides overall program and policy direction for INL bilateral narcotics and anticrime assistance programs at overseas posts by developing and revising drug and crime strategies and coordinating program development with other U.S. agencies. INL/WHP is responsible for coordinating policy and programs with other U.S. government (USG) departments and agencies involved in international narcotics control and crime activities, including the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP), the Department of War (DOW), Department of Justice (DOJ), Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and the Department of the Treasury. The purpose of this Personal Services Contract (PSC) is to fill the position of Counternarcotics (CN) Advisor to the INL section at the U.S. Embassy in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. The incumbent will be the primary advisor on all matters related to counternarcotics, arms trafficking, and special investigations into TCO/FTOs. The incumbent will serve as the in-country program coordinator for counternarcotics and special investigations, responsible to the INL Director. The incumbent will work in coordination with other INL personnel and third-party contractors to provide program implementation, direction, and execution oversight in support of Government of the Dominican Republic (GODR) entities. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Santo Domingo-based INL Director or his/her designee, the Counternarcotics Advisor will perform the following duties: 1. Manage the full lifecycle of counternarcotics programming in the Dominican Republic. Program cycle includes strategic and budget planning, design, coordination, implementation, oversight, monitoring and evaluation, and closeout. Ensure INL counternarcotics assistance projects meet strategic objectives and foreign assistance priorities set by the White House, the Department of State, Embassy Santo Domingo, and INL Santo Domingo. 2. Coordinate with Dominican Republic law enforcement entities with special emphasis on training activities for personnel, particularly the National Directorate for Drug Control (DNCD), to detect and dismantle the manufacturing and trafficking of illegal drugs, arms trafficking, and related TCO/FTO activities, building investigation and interdiction capabilities on land, air, and sea. 3. Review support requests for accuracy and applicability, develop requirements for supporting GODR efforts to detect and dismantle TCO/FTO networks. Refine existing or develop new interdiction capabilities that align with INL strategies and priorities; represent INL to high level U.S. and Dominican officials; manage assigned INL programs and projects; and provide advice, training, technical assistance, and equipment to GODR entities. 4. Provide policy analysis and program guidance to INL to develop sustainable and institutional programs to dismantle TCO/FTOs, counternarcotics, interdict arms trafficking, and establish effective maritime security programs in the Dominican Republic. Such guidance may address a range of issues, to include strategy, capacity, training and technical assistance requirements, and procurement planning. 5. Lead the preparation of documentation for procurement of technical services, training, and equipment; monitor procurement actions including drafting source origin waivers, contract and grant solicitations, interagency agreements, scopes of work, bilateral letters of agreement, delivery, and acceptance of items procured to support INL Santo Domingo. 6. Work with INL and host nation personnel to develop necessary command, control, communication, intelligence, investigations, and forensic support for the Dominican law enforcement entities to include the DNCD and various interdiction units through technical support for communications, computer systems, data analysis, and field investigations. 7. Exercise oversight for a locally employed staff program specialist, contract oversight for a third-party contracting staff advisor, and four Dominican government liaison staff in the course of their duties working on counternarcotics programming, as assigned. 8. Serve as a Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR), Agreements Officer’s Representative (AOR), and/or Grants Officer’s Representative (GOR). 9. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with key Dominican law enforcement officials, forensic specialists, and agencies. Represent INL and the USG in coordination meetings with the GODR and other foreign governments as required. 10. Review and advise on technical purchases to include refurbishment of counternarcotics communications, technological and maritime equipment including vessels, as well as on maintenance and operational training. 11. Assist in the establishment of an integrated logistics and preventative maintenance and inventory program that is essential to the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative (CBSI). 12. Assist INL Santo Domingo project budget preparation and program planning. Define and make recommendations on procurements and preparation of related budget documentation. 13. Prepare background materials and reports for INL and Mission leadership for attendance at counternarcotics related meetings, national and international conferences and seminars, and meetings with GODR officials. Prepare speeches and briefings to articulate INL engagement on counternarcotics projects and initiatives in the Dominican Republic, and brief visiting officials directly when requested. 14. Provide advice and technical assistance in end-use monitoring (EUM) of U.S. government-supplied commodities and services, preparing input for the annual EUM report to the U.S. Congress. 15. Provide advice, assistance, and leadership when required, in the formulation of INL input to the Integrated Country Strategy (ICS), the annual country budget request, the International Narcotics Control Strategy Report (INCSR), and other reports as needed. 16. Recommend training required to improve police performance in detection, interdiction, custody, disposal of illicit drugs, weapons, as well as investigations. 17. Work directly with other USG agencies to help build Dominican law enforcement entities’, to include the DNCD, counternarcotics and special investigations capabilities by coordinating USG-provided training, logistical support, and technical assistance. 18. Draft letters, cables, and other reports on INL activities under general guidance of the INL Director. 19. When required, perform the role of Duty Officer. 20. Perform other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAININGS & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Completes the Contracting Officer Representative (PA296) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within 120 days of arriving at Post. 2. Completes the required Grants Officer Representative distance learning (DL) courses through NFATC and obtains GOR certification within 120 days of arriving at Post. Certification must continue throughout life of contract. 3. Completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through NFATC within the first six (6) months of arriving at Post. 4. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (OT650) prior to deployment to Post. 5. Completes INL-relevant courses within the first nine (9) months of arriving at Post: a. PP420 INL Program and Project Management I b. PP421 INL Financial Management c. PP422 INL Contract Administration, Procurement Policies and Procedures d. PA396 ILMS Ariba for Procurement Agents 6. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 7. Consultations with the INL Program Office prior to arrival may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is U.S. Embassy Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. The advisor also has an office at the national Directorate for the Control of Drugs (DNCD) where they have regular office hours. The advisor may be occasionally required to travel in-country and regionally on a TDY basis to meet program needs. RELATIONSHIPS The Advisor will receive general guidance and report directly to the INL Director or his/her designee. Specific assignments originate frequently from liaison activities and the Advisor will negotiate the draft scope and objectives of counternarcotics related projects independently with little input or review. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the INL Director or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government"s requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The INL Director will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY This position involves analyzing, assessing, planning, organizing, and implementing of complex counternarcotics law enforcement projects. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS The Advisor will perform broad and extensive assignments related to complex programs spanning the full range of counternarcotics and special investigation activities, to include detection, investigations, training, and analysis of counternarcotics unit’s abilities to effectively interdict illicit drugs in Dominican Republic before they can be trafficked to the United States. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution; or, a. A minimum of ten (10) years of counternarcotics experience in the military, law enforcement, international development, international affairs, or public administration. 3. A minimum of ten (10) years of experience in dismantling drug trafficking organizations through the investigation and prosecution of major drug trafficking offenders. 4. A minimum of five (5) years of experience working with U.S. Embassy organizations and complex interrelated activities, as well as familiarity with programs, organization, and operations of other USG elements involved in counternarcotics programs. 5. A minimum of three (3) years of general administrative and program management experience with demonstrated experience evaluating programs and identifying areas for improvement/change. 6. Demonstrated previous overseas experience working with host governments in Latin America and/or the Caribbean, including training/instruction of foreign personnel. 7. Demonstrated supervisory level experience in strategic planning for small, medium, and large units. 8. Demonstrated experience in developing and managing capacity-building programs in counternarcotics investigations and interdiction capabilities including maritime, preferred. 9. Demonstrated ability to read and speak Spanish at the professionally proficient level. EVALUATION CRITERIA (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1 Work Experience: (20 points) Demonstrated ability to provide expert subject matter and program recommendations to senior level policy makers within the Embassy and INL on a broad spectrum of counternarcotics, TCO/FTO, and maritime law enforcement operations and investigations in Spanish and English. Factor 2 Program Management: (20 points) Demonstrated experience and ability to evaluate existing programs and assist in developing, planning, implementing, and monitoring programs with regard to counternarcotics, investigations. and maritime security. Factor 3 Liaison and Communication: (20 points) Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively, across cultures, both orally and in writing. Interact effectively with others at all levels to prepare, analyze, explain, and defend determinations and requirements with respect to conformance to applicable laws, policies, and other regulatory guidelines; and advise program officials. Factor 4 International Experience: (10 points) Demonstrated ability to successfully interact with members of relevant USG agencies, host nation representatives, and the international community in developing and coordinating security assistance programs and operations. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in your not receiving credit for all your pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 20 Factor #2 – 20 Factor #3 – 20 Factor #4 – 10 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant"s writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee"s FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker"s Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dcef31ce8c4a43bcbf8eac5a76821891/view)