---
layout: default
title: Situational Awareness, Boundary Enforcement and Response (SABER) Computing Hardware for Surface Ships
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 7964829d646b4ada85093f12dda135f4
---

# Situational Awareness, Boundary Enforcement and Response (SABER) Computing Hardware for Surface Ships

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-24 09:59:30.455-04
- Solicitation Number: N00024-26-R-4141

## Summary

**3/24/26 UPDATE: The Government is working an update to this posting and will be extending the repsonse timeframe. Once the update is published, the Government may consider extending the response timeframe further. PURPOSE: The Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) is hereby issuing a combined Request for Information (RFI) and sources sought notice on behalf of NAVSEA 03 and Naval Information Warfare Systems Command (NAVWAR) Program Executive Office (PEO) Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (C4I) and Cybersecurity Program Office (PMW 130). NAVSEA is requesting information from industry and is conducting market research to identify potential sources that possess the capability to accomplish potential future requirements for a potential hardware production contract for the Situational Awareness, Boundary Enforcement and Response (SABER) Mid-Tier Acquisition (MTA). To aid prospective vendors in responding to this notice, a summary of the anticipated requirements of the potential contract and questions are provided below for industry. SEA 03 invites all interested potential sources, including small business concerns, to submit written information sufficient to demonstrate the respondent’s ability to fulfill the requirements and/or responses to the request for information. DESCRIPTION: The Navy intends to procure computing platforms from industry to host the software operating environment and other cybersecurity computer program applications, this equipment is the SABER Computing Hardware suite. The SABER Computing Hardware is required to be produced for four different types of SABER equipment suite units: Situational Awareness, Boundary Enforcement & Response (SABER) racks Boundary Defense Capability (BDC)/Distributed Packet Collector (DPC) Variant "A" units with built-in displays Boundary Defense Capability (BDC)/Distributed Packet Collector (DPC) Variant "B" units without built-in displays, Out of Band Network Switch (OOBNS) Units SABER is a MTA that is currently fielded on 30 Navy ships, out of a Target Inventory Objective of 90. This RFI covers the production of units after 2027. The SABER system includes a single Grade B shock hardened electronic equipment rack and ancillary hardware that is installed in shipboard spaces to provide Defensive Cyber Operations capabilities for fleet assets. SABER will need the ability to build and sustain these shipboard systems during the next five years. This includes integration of commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) electronics into a rack that meets shipboard requirements for mission essential equipment, engineering support and potential re-design or system hardware upgrades. INFORMATION SOUGHT: Interested parties are free to submit any information which may assist the Navy in its market research. Companies without SABER experience are welcome to submit responses regarding analogous programs. There is no page requirement/limit and a detailed proposal is not requested. Submission in PDF format is required Drawings sized to 8.5”x11” or 11”x17.” All other documentation sized to 8.5”x11.” Capability Statements Interested parties should summarize their experience working under Department of Navy (DoN) or Department of Defense (DoD)/ Department of War (DoW) contracts and production capacity to support the following activities and processes: i. Managing all design and production aspects of SABER equipment hardware production, in accordance with Attachment 1, draft SABER Technical Data Package (TDP). Companies without SABER experience are welcome to submit responses regarding analogous programs. ii. Providing systems engineering to design, develop, test, qualify, produce, deliver and support display, videos, printers and related hardware. iii. Conducting formal design and test reviews in accordance with the PEO SHIPS/NAVSEA 03C Technical Requirements Manual (TRM). iv. Implementing and maintaining a Configuration Management (CM) program. v. Managing obsolescence to include a Diminishing Manufacturing Sources and Material Shortages (DMSMS) plan and metrics. Implementing and maintaining a Reliability, Maintainability and Quality Assurance (RMQA) program. vi. Development, implementation, and maintenance of a Risk Management Plan to identify, evaluate, and mitigate program risks including technical, environmental, safety, cost, and schedule components vii. Providing engineering support developing, producing and qualifying SABER components to meet Government provided unit specifications. The Government may require engineering support in updating the TDP over the course of the contract. To that end, the response should address experience with defining, developing and updating the following: i. Concept Design Document ii. Developmental Design Drawings and Associated List iii. Product and Line Replaceable Unit Drawings and Associated Lists iv. Hardware Engineering Design Documents and Parts List v. System, Power, and Environmental Requirements vi. Interface Specifications and Requirements vii. Interface Control Drawings viii. Cable Block Diagrams ix. Special Inspection Equipment Drawings and Associated Lists x. Special Tooling Drawings and Associated Lists xi. ILS Documentation m. Timeline Request for Information Interested parties are encouraged to submit any information which may assist the Navy in its market research. Please provide the following information and technical data. Cover page containing the following information: Company name Contractor and Government Entity (CAGE) code Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number Mailing address and physical address (if different) Business size status (based on applicable NAICS code ) Type of small business (if applicable) Point(s) of contact name, title, phone number, fax number and email address. 2. Capability statement describing the contractor’s ability to perform the requirements specified in this notice. This should include information regarding the contractor’s previous experience with similar efforts within the previous five years, including building shipboard racks and equipment from a government provided TDP. To the extent practicable, provide contract numbers, contract values, and periods of performance for each contract referenced in the response to this notice. 3. Provide any other supporting documentation deemed necessary to explain your firm’s capabilities, requirements, or other comments on the contemplated procurement. 4. Provide data and/or information describing the ability to deliver against the proposed Government provided TDP and drawings. 5. Feedback on the Attachment 1, SABER TDP and associated alterations is desired. If there are alterations in the specification that will be very difficult and/or expensive to complete, please provide comments/explanation. 6. Feedback on ability to deliver systems that comply to the relevant Navy standards or suggestions on alternative standards. Relevant standards include: MIL-S-901D Shock Tests H.I. (High Impact) Shipboard Machinery Equipment and Systems MIL-E-16400H Electronic, Interior Communications and Navigation Equipment – Naval Ship and Shore MIL-STD-810E Environmental Engineering Considerations and Laboratory Test Methods for Aerospace and Ground Equipment MIL-STD-167-1Mechanical Vibrations of Shipboard Equipment MIL-STD-108 Definitions of and Basic Requirements for Enclosures for Electronic Equipment MIL-I-45208 Quality Control Inspection, System Requirements AS9003 General Specifications for Inspection & Test Quality Systems ACCESS TO CONTROLLED MATERIALS: Before the Government will consider providing a party with Attachment 1, the SABER TDP, a party shall email the POCs and therein provide the company’s name and company’s CAGE Code. Upon Navy receipt of the party’s information, the Navy will perform a vetting of the company for operational security purposes and determine, at is own discretion, if it will or will not release Attachment 1 to the party. If the Navy chooses to release Attachment 1, the Navy will coordinate via email with the party and provide the party with Attachment 1 via electronic drop on Department of Defense (DoD) Secure Access File Exchange (SAFE). Note: As a reminder, interested parties do not have to meet all requirements listed in this combined RFI and sources sought notice to submit a response. All responses received will be reviewed by the Government. NAVSEA may host an industry engagement event to present the Navy’s requirements and to solicit feedback from prospective offerors in prearranged breakout sessions. Should an industry day be held, a separate notice will be posted to provide further details regarding the industry engagement event once they are available. Questions concerning this announcement and submissions should be emailed to Mr. Phil Turner at philip.h.turner3.civ@us.navy.mil, Ms. Bria Pender, at bria.c.pender.civ@us.navy.mil, Ms. Devon Peck at devon.l.peck.civ@us.navy.mil, and Ms. Alexis Medley at alexis.n.medley.civ@us.navy.mil. The response file shall be in PDF format, with file name including the Request for Information Number N00024-26-R-4141 and company name. NO QUESTIONS VIA TELEPHONE WILL BE ACCEPTED. DISCLOSURE: This is a Request for Information (RFI) and sources sought notice only. This is not a request for proposal (RFP) and a formal solicitation is not available at this time. This notice does not constitute a commitment by the Government to issue an RFP, contract, or order. This RFI is for informational planning purposes and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government for any actual procurement of materials, machinery, or services. This RFI does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service. The Government will not pay for any effort expended or any material provided in response to this announcement. All costs associated with responding to this RFI are solely at the responding parties' expense. This RFI is open to all U.S.-only interested parties. Respondents are solely responsible for properly marking and clearly identifying any proprietary information or trade secrets contained within their response. The Government will not be liable for, or suffer any consequential damages for any proprietary information not properly marked and clearly identified. Proprietary information received in response to this RFI will be safeguarded and handled in accordance with applicable Government regulations. Responses to this notice are not offers and will not be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract or agreement. The Government will not be obligated to pursue any particular acquisition alternative because of this RFI. Responses to the RFI will not be returned. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future solicitation, if one is issued. Specific responses to the approaches will not disqualify or have an impact on participation and evaluation on future solicitations.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Devon Peck
  - Email: devon.l.peck.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Alexis Medley
  - Email: alexis.n.medley.civ@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , draft SABER Technical Data Package (TDP). Companies without SABER experience are welcome to submit responses regarding analogous programs. ii. Providing systems engineering to design, develop, test, qualify, produce, deliver and support display, videos, printers and related hardware. iii. Conducting formal design and test reviews in accordance with the PEO SHIPS/NAVSEA 03C Technical Requirements Manual (TRM). iv. Implementing and maintaining a Configuration Management (CM) program. v. Managing obsolescence to include a Diminishing Manufacturing Sources and Material Shortages (DMSMS) plan and metrics. Implementing and maintaining a Reliability, Maintainability and Quality Assurance (RMQA) program. vi. Development, implementation, and maintenance of a Risk Management Plan to identify, evaluate, and mitigate program risks including technical, environmental, safety, cost, and schedule components vii. Providing engineering support developing, producing and qualifying SABER components to meet Government provided unit specifications. The Government may require engineering support in updating the TDP over the course of the contract. To that end, the response should address experience with defining, developing and updating the following: i. Concept Design Document ii. Developmental Design Drawings and Associated List iii. Product and Line Replaceable Unit Drawings and Associated Lists iv. Hardware Engineering Design Documents and Parts List v. System, Power, and Environmental Requirements vi. Interface Specifications and Requirements vii. Interface Control Drawings viii. Cable Block Diagrams ix. Special Inspection Equipment Drawings and Associated Lists x. Special Tooling Drawings and Associated Lists xi. ILS Documentation m. Timeline Request for Information Interested parties are encouraged to submit any information which may assist the Navy in its market research. Please provide the following information and technical data. Cover page containing the following information: Company name Contractor and Government Entity (CAGE) code Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number Mailing address and physical address (if different) Business size status (based on applicable NAICS code ) Type of small business (if applicable) Point(s) of contact name, title, phone number, fax number and email address. 2. Capability statement describing the contractor’s ability to perform the requirements specified in this notice. This should include information regarding the contractor’s previous experience with similar efforts within the previous five years, including building shipboard racks and equipment from a government provided TDP. To the extent practicable, provide contract numbers, contract values, and periods of performance for each contract referenced in the response to this notice. 3. Provide any other supporting documentation deemed necessary to explain your firm’s capabilities, requirements, or other comments on the contemplated procurement. 4. Provide data and/or information describing the ability to deliver against the proposed Government provided TDP and drawings. 5. Feedback on the Attachment 1, SABER TDP and associated alterations is desired. If there are alterations in the specification that will be very difficult and/or expensive to complete, please provide comments/explanation. 6. Feedback on ability to deliver systems that comply to the relevant Navy standards or suggestions on alternative standards. Relevant standards include: MIL-S-901D Shock Tests H.I. (High Impact) Shipboard Machinery Equipment and Systems MIL-E-16400H Electronic, Interior Communications and Navigation Equipment – Naval Ship and Shore MIL-STD-810E Environmental Engineering Considerations and Laboratory Test Methods for Aerospace and Ground Equipment MIL-STD-167-1Mechanical Vibrations of Shipboard Equipment MIL-STD-108 Definitions of and Basic Requirements for Enclosures for Electronic Equipment MIL-I-45208 Quality Control Inspection, System Requirements AS9003 General Specifications for Inspection & Test Quality Systems ACCESS TO CONTROLLED MATERIALS: Before the Government will consider providing a party with Attachment 1, the SABER TDP, a party shall email the POCs and therein provide the company’s name and company’s CAGE Code. Upon Navy receipt of the party’s information, the Navy will perform a vetting of the company for operational security purposes and determine, at is own discretion, if it will or will not release Attachment 1 to the party. If the Navy chooses to release Attachment 1, the Navy will coordinate via email with the party and provide the party with Attachment 1 via electronic drop on Department of Defense (DoD) Secure Access File Exchange (SAFE). Note: As a reminder, interested parties do not have to meet all requirements listed in this combined RFI and sources sought notice to submit a response. All responses received will be reviewed by the Government. NAVSEA may host an industry engagement event to present the Navy’s requirements and to solicit feedback from prospective offerors in prearranged breakout sessions. Should an industry day be held, a separate notice will be posted to provide further details regarding the industry engagement event once they are available. Questions concerning this announcement and submissions should be emailed to Mr. Phil Turner at philip.h.turner3.civ@us.navy.mil, Ms. Bria Pender, at bria.c.pender.civ@us.navy.mil, Ms. Devon Peck at devon.l.peck.civ@us.navy.mil, and Ms. Alexis Medley at alexis.n.medley.civ@us.navy.mil. The response file shall be in PDF format, with file name including the Request for Information Number N00024-26-R-4141 and company name. NO QUESTIONS VIA TELEPHONE WILL BE ACCEPTED. DISCLOSURE: This is a Request for Information (RFI) and sources sought notice only. This is not a request for proposal (RFP) and a formal solicitation is not available at this time. This notice does not constitute a commitment by the Government to issue an RFP, contract, or order. This RFI is for informational planning purposes and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government for any actual procurement of materials, machinery, or services. This RFI does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service. The Government will not pay for any effort expended or any material provided in response to this announcement. All costs associated with responding to this RFI are solely at the responding parties" expense. This RFI is open to all U.S.-only interested parties. Respondents are solely responsible for properly marking and clearly identifying any proprietary information or trade secrets contained within their response. The Government will not be liable for, or suffer any consequential damages for any proprietary information not properly marked and clearly identified. Proprietary information received in response to this RFI will be safeguarded and handled in accordance with applicable Government regulations. Responses to this notice are not offers and will not be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract or agreement. The Government will not be obligated to pursue any particular acquisition alternative because of this RFI. Responses to the RFI will not be returned. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future solicitation, if one is issued. Specific responses to the approaches will not disqualify or have an impact on participation and evaluation on future solicitations

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7964829d646b4ada85093f12dda135f4/view)