---
layout: default
title: ELECTRONIC COMPONEN
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: e43b7b86c9bd45ef85584a45c6722c12
---

# ELECTRONIC COMPONEN

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-16 06:49:48.246-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QQA49

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N7M2.23|EFN|SEE EMAIL|GENEVIEVE.E.MILLER2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|COMBO INVOICE AND RECEIVING||TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|SEE SCHEDULE|SEE SCHEDULE||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| OPTION FOR INCREASED QUANTITY (MAR 1989)|1|365 DAYS| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|334419|750|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| Accelerated delivery is encouraged and accepted before the delivery date(s) listed in the schedule. ^^ All freight is FOB Origin. This RFQ is for repair. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's signed acceptance prior to execution. Verify nomenclature, part number, and NSN prior to responding. The Government is seeking a Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) of: 362 Days Government Source Inspection (GSI) is required. Please note freight is handled by the Navy as per the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) Statement of Work. Your quote should include the following information: QUOTE AMOUNT AND RTAT Unit Price:__________ Total Price:__________ Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): _______ days If your company is not quoting the Government's Required Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) or earlier, provide your company's capacity constraints? _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): the resultant contractual delivery requirement is measured from asset Return to the date of asset acceptance under the terms of the contract. For purposes of this section, Return is defined as physical receipt of the F-condition asset at the contractor's facility as reflected in the Action Date entry in the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) system. In accordance with the CAV Statement of Work, the contractor is required to accurately report all transactions by the end of the fifth regular business day after receipt and the Action Date entered in CAV must be dated to reflect the actual date of physical receipt. The Contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTATs established in this contract. Check one: Firm-fixed-Price ___ Estimated ___ Not-to Exceed (NTE): ___ Return Material Authorization # (RMA), if applicable:__________ Delivery Vehicle (if Delivery Order requested) (if your company has a current BOA/IDIQ, for example) :__________________ IF ITEM NOT PREVIOUSLY PURCHASED BY NAVSUP WSS - or - PRICES INCREASED Provide the NSN of a similar item or, if current NSN is an upgrade part, provide the previous NSN. If previously sold to another buying activity or in the commercial marketplace, provide a copy of your company's invoice (redacted versions are acceptable). If pricing is not in line with historical pricing, provide the basis of your company's pricing. TESTING AND EVALUATION IF BEYOND REPAIR T&E fee/price (if asset is determined BR/BER): If an item is determined BR, and the contractor provides documentation that costs were incurred during evaluation and determination of BR, the contracting officer will negotiate a reduced contract price, not-to exceed (NTE) $___________associated with the repair effort to reflect the BR status of the equipment. The T&E fee (if asset is determined BR/BER) was determined/computed based on:______________________________________. AWARDEE INFO & PERFORMANCE LOCATION Awardee CAGE: __________ Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not same as ""awardee CAGE"": __________ Facility/Subcontractor CAGE (where the asset should be shipped), if not same as ""awardee CAGE"":__________ IOT COMPARE REPAIR PRICE TO PRICE TO BUY NEW New unit price:__________ New unit delivery lead-time:__________ The Government intends to add an option quantity to the resultant contract. In reference to the option quantity, the Government may increase the quantity of supplies called for in the Schedule at the unit price specified. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within the number of days in FAR 52.217-6 herein. Delivery of the added items shall continue at the same rate as the like items called for under the contract, unless the parties otherwise agree. IMPORTANT NOTE: Any asset for which the contractor does not meet the required RTAT will incur a price reduction per unit/per month the contractor is late - any delay determined to be excusable (e.g. Government Delay) will not result in a price reduction. If a price reduction is required due to unexcusable contractor delay, the Contracting Officer will implement the aforementioned price reduction via a ""reconciliation modification"" at the end of the contract performance. Price reductions made pursuant to this section shall not limit other remedies available to the Government for failure to meet required RTATs, including but not limited to the Government's right to terminate for default. In reference to the above important note, the contractor provides the following price reduction amount per unit per month the contractor does not meet the RTAT: $__________, up to a maximum of: $_________. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for repair and the contract quality requirements for the ELECTRONIC COMPONEN . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |P |041029|A| |03| 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The ELECTRONIC COMPONEN repaired under this contract/purchase order shall meet the operational and functional requirements as represented by the Cage Code(s) and reference number(s) listed below. All repair work shall be performed in accordance with the contractors repair/overhaul standard practices, manuals and directives including but not limited to drawings, technical orders, manufacturing operations, tooling instructions, approved repair standards and any other contractor or government approved documents developed to provide technical repair procedures. CAGE___Ref. No. ;11447 K10048482-506;

3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-129; .

3.3 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable.

3.4 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Inspection/Testing Repaired Items - The Contractor shall perform all inspection and testing requirements as specified in the original manufacturer's specifications and drawings.

4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176056457
  - Email: GENEVIEVE.E.MILLER2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |P |041029|A| |03| 3. REQUIREMENTS

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e43b7b86c9bd45ef85584a45c6722c12/view)