---
layout: default
title: Gamble III (GIII) De-Ionized Water System
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 49eed60cef91431299fb907cd48ec63b
---

# Gamble III (GIII) De-Ionized Water System

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-13 17:08:54.153-04
- Solicitation Number: N00173-26-RFI-MF10

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Request for Information (RFI): N00173-26-RFI-MF10 Date Posted: 13 April 2026 Title: PSC: 4610 NAICS Code: 334516 Response Date: 24 April 2026 Primary POC: Maximilian Fritts NOTE: THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION OR AN INDICATION THAT A CONTRACTUAL COMMITMENT WILL EXIST AS A RESULT OF THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI). This Sources Sought Notice (SSN) is in support of market research and procurement planning being conducted by the Naval Research Laboratory (NRL), Washington, DC. This SSN is for informational and planning purposes only and does not guarantee that this will be competed via SAM.gov. The Government assumes NO financial responsibility for any costs incurred. A solicitation package is not available at this time. Contracting Office: NRL, 4555 Overlook Ave, SW, Washington DC 20375 OBJECTIVE: The intent of this RFI is to gauge industry interest and search for potential sources capable of fulfilling a requirement for a Gamble III (GIII) De-Ionized Water System. The minimum requirements and specifications for the are in the attached document titled Attachment 1- Gamble III De-Ionized Water System. The Government is currently in the planning stages for this procurement and may continue to modify the language within the requirement as necessary. These requirements and specifications do not necessarily represent final requirements and specifications. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, which will be considered by the agency. Responses are to follow the Contractor Response Format described below. No reimbursement will be issued for any cost connected with providing capability information. CONTRACTOR RESPONSE FORMAT: Interested parties, at a minimum, shall supply all of the below required information in a Capability Statement. Please reference this Sources Sought Notice/RFI number on your correspondence and in the subject line of your e-mail. CONTACT INFORMATION: Company Name and Address Point of Contact for clarification/questions Telephone number and e-mail address DUNS Number, CAGE Code PSC Code of the proposed solution (See https://psctool.us) Business Size/Socioeconomic Categories TECHNICAL INFORMATION: List of capabilities/resources relevant to the attached requirements and specifications COMMERCIALITY OF PROPOSED ITEM: Whether item(s) offered/proposed is a commercial item and is customarily used by the general public or non-government entities for other than government purposes. Whether the item has been sold, leased, or licensed to the general public, and if so, identify one or more such sales, leases, or licenses to document the commerciality of the item. PRODUCT DESCRIPTION: Provide a description of how the proposed product will meet or exceed each of the specifications as it is anticipated that ultimate evaluation will be best values and a go/no go basis. Provide a product brochure and highlight the areas that meet or exceed specifications. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENT DETAILS: Responses should be no more than 10 pages PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: NRL-DC and Contractor Facility IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INTERESTED PARTIES: There are no commitments by the Government to issue any solicitations, make any award or awards, or to be responsible for any monies expended by any interested parties before award of a contract modification for the efforts mentioned above. Information provided herein is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for award of a contract. No telephone responses will be accepted. Point of contact for this Sources Sought notice is Maximilian Fritts. Responses to this notice should be sent to maximilian.r.fritts.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Maximilian Fritts
  - Email: maximilian.r.fritts.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2028759601

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Gamble III De-Ionized Water System. The Government is currently in the planning stages for this procurement and may continue to modify the language within the requirement as necessary. These requirements and specifications do not necessarily represent final requirements and specifications. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, which will be considered by the agency. Responses are to follow the Contractor Response Format described below. No reimbursement will be issued for any cost connected with providing capability information. CONTRACTOR RESPONSE FORMAT: Interested parties, at a minimum, shall supply all of the below required information in a Capability Statement. Please reference this Sources Sought Notice/RFI number on your correspondence and in the subject line of your e-mail. CONTACT INFORMATION: Company Name and Address Point of Contact for clarification/questions Telephone number and e-mail address DUNS Number, CAGE Code PSC Code of the proposed solution (See https://psctool.us) Business Size/Socioeconomic Categories TECHNICAL INFORMATION: List of capabilities/resources relevant to the attached requirements and specifications COMMERCIALITY OF PROPOSED ITEM: Whether item(s) offered/proposed is a commercial item and is customarily used by the general public or non-government entities for other than government purposes. Whether the item has been sold, leased, or licensed to the general public, and if so, identify one or more such sales, leases, or licenses to document the commerciality of the item. PRODUCT DESCRIPTION: Provide a description of how the proposed product will meet or exceed each of the specifications as it is anticipated that ultimate evaluation will be best values and a go/no go basis. Provide a product brochure and highlight the areas that meet or exceed specifications. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENT DETAILS: Responses should be no more than 10 pages PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: NRL-DC and Contractor Facility IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INTERESTED PARTIES: There are no commitments by the Government to issue any solicitations, make any award or awards, or to be responsible for any monies expended by any interested parties before award of a contract modification for the efforts mentioned above. Information provided herein is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for award of a contract. No telephone responses will be accepted. Point of contact for this Sources Sought notice is Maximilian Fritts. Responses to this notice should be sent to maximilian.r.fritts.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/49eed60cef91431299fb907cd48ec63b/view)