---
layout: default
title: USAF Safe-to-fly Boot Program
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9934fa8e435c4548b0301ce5686c8092
---

# USAF Safe-to-fly Boot Program

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-14 08:27:38.96-04
- Solicitation Number: AFLCMC-ROUK-26-0005

## Summary

General Introduction: This announcement constitutes a Request for Information (RFI) only. The Air Force Life Cycle Management Center (AFLCMC) Human Systems Division (AFLCMC/ROU) is conducting a market assessment to identify potential sources and companies that may possess the expertise, capabilities, and experience with Air Force Safe-to Fly (StF) Boot program. AFLCMC is issuing this RFI to develop an expanded listing of Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) Boots the AF can purchase to provide newer and a greater variety of boots to USAF Aircrew personnel. The Government is issuing this RFI solely for information and planning purposes. The Government will consider responses to determine the expanded listing for Air Force (AF) Safe-to-Fly registry. This is not a request for a quote, request for proposals (RFP), or an invitation to bid, nor is this to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will not reimburse or pay for any information submitted in response to this RFI or any follow-up information requests. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned. All costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the responding party’s expense. AFLCMC/ROU is not seeking proposals at this time and will not accept or consider unsolicited proposals. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future RFP. Small Businesses are encouraged to provide responses to this RFI in order to assist AFLCMC/ROU in determining potential levels of competition available in the industry, as well as helping to establish a basis for developing any subsequent small business subcontracting plan goals. An acquisition strategy is still being determined. Market research results will assist the Air Force in determining whether this requirement will be a full and open competition, a small business set-aside, or a sole-source acquisition. If a company is capable of some, but not the entire requirement stated in this Request for Information, please provide a response that explains the requirements for which you are capable. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and the U.S. Government cannot accept any responses to form a binding contract. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor the beta.sam.gov website for any additional information pertaining to this RFI. Respondents are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this inquiry. Respondents shall not construe this announcement as a formal solicitation. It does not commit the government to reply to the information received, or to later publish a solicitation, or to award a contract based on this information. Respondents should also state whether they are interested in being a prime contractor for this requirement or a subcontractor. Purpose: The purpose of the attached Test Plan is the certification of boots worn by Air Force (AF) aircrew as Safe-to-Fly (StF). Any application of the below test methods to articles, not readily identified as footwear for AF use, is in violation of its designated use. If applied to articles not readily identified as footwear, all risks and consequences associated with its use in the environment become the responsibility of the individual user(s). All test data and results provided to support COTS StF determinations shall be within one year from the date of submission. 2. StF Definition. AF StF boots must conform, at a minimum, to the following: Note: NSN boots managed by the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA), including those for other services, can be designated AF StF after a review of the technical requirements in the associated Purchase Description (PD) or Military Specification (MILSPEC) and a StF determination made by the Aircrew Performance Materiel Leader, equivalent, or appropriately delegated authority. a. Footwear (boots) shall abide by the following dimensions for the largest size/width called out in the cited specification or PDs (e.g. Men’s 16 EEEE or Women’s 11 EE): (1) Length: less than or equal to 16 inches (2) Height: less than or equal to 11.5 inches (3) Width: less than or equal to 5.5 inches Note: Items measuring outside of these dimensions shall be addressed on a case-by-case basis by the Human Systems Division Program Office (AFLCMC/ROU) and the Aircrew Performance Material Leader, equivalent or appropriately delegated authority. b. Boot Height. (1) Female: The height of the finished boot, measured from the bottom of the heel tread to the top of the back of the boot, shall be 9-¾ ± ½ inches on size 10RF and shall graduate up and down between sizes and widths. (2) Male: The height of the finished boot, measured from the bottom of the heel tread to the top of the back of the boot, shall be 10 ± ½ inches on size 10 R and shall graduate up and down between sizes and widths. c. Boot color is primarily Coyote (498), Legacy Sage Green (1641), Desert Tan (499), or Black; other colors/shades may be allowed by specific approval of the Aircrew Performance Material Leader, equivalent or appropriately delegated authority as required and/or requested. d. Construction methods include the “Sidewall” or “Cup” construction method along with the Direct Molded System (DMS), Welt, Stitch-down, and Injected molded construction processes. Maximum dimensioning in paragraph 2 above must not be exceeded. Other constructions may be allowed, if appropriate, after being addressed by the Aircrew Performance Material Leader, equivalent or appropriately delegated authority. e. Flame resistance. The boots shall meet the Flame Resistance Test Four requirements of NFPA 1971, Standard on Protective Ensemble for Structural Firefighting (2007 Edition). The areas of the boot to be tested are in accordance with Figure 8-5.5.2 of NFPA 1971; however, a sixth area is added to include the nylon quarter side panels. The requirement that the boot shall not melt, or drip does not apply, although the boot shall not exhibit any burn-through (Reference: Sections 7-10.1 and 8.5.5). The boot shall be considered to have failed the burn-through test when burn-through is observed through all layers of the quarter panel and lining components. The rubber outsole is not subject to the flame resistance requirements. f. Upper heat resistance. The boots shall meet the Thermal Conductive Heat Resistance Test One requirements of NFPA 1971, Standard on Protective Ensemble for Structural Firefighting, 2007 Edition (NFPA 1971, Section 8-7). g. Sole heat resistance. The boots shall meet the Thermal Conductive Heat Resistance Test Two requirements of the NFPA 1971, Standard on Protective Ensemble for Structural Firefighting, 2007 Edition (NFPA 1971, Section 8-8). h. Water Resistance. The boots shall be tested for their resistance to rain or water spray in accordance with AATCC 127 Water Resistance: Hydrostatic Pressure Testing. i. Safety Toe options, steel or composite, are allowed in any boot otherwise authorized StF. Compliance with ASTM F2412 and ASTM F2413 Impact (I/75), Compression (C/75), and Electrical Hazard (EH) is required. Maximum dimensioning in paragraph 2 above must not be exceeded. 3. Type Boot temperature ranges and some associated specifications (MILSPEC and PD) are: a. Hot weather (>70ºF): StF boots shall comply with the requirements listed in paragraphs 1 and 2, above, and conform to either PD-WNUV-11-01 - HW, ST, (BOOT, HOT WEATHER, INDUSTRIAL) or GL-PD-09-02 - HW, FR, (BOOTS, COMBAT, HOT WEATHER - FLAME RESISTANT) with, or without, a Safety-Toe option. They will not require waterproofing, only water resistance (AATCC TM-22). b. Temperate Weather (? 32ºF to 70ºF): StF boots shall comply with the requirements listed in paragraphs 1 and 2, above, and conform to the tests as described in Purchase Descriptions PD 77AESG-06-01A or PD 77AESG-06-03A, as appropriate, with or without a Safety-Toe option. c. Intermediate Cold/Wet Weather (14ºF to 32ºF): No StF boots have been AF certified in this specific temperature range. d. Cold weather (-20º to 32ºF) or Extreme Cold weather (-20ºF to -49ºF, or below): StFboots shall comply with the requirements of WNU 99 PD 17007, Service Boots, Cold Weather or GL-PD-19-03A, Boot, Combat, Cold Weather. Note: The amount and type of insulation used will be stated by the vendor/manufacturer. The “clo” (average insulation) value (ASTM C518 Standard Test Method for Steady State Thermal Transmission Properties by Means of the Heat Flow Meter Apparatus) for the type and amount of insulation used will be determined and reported by the vendor/manufacturer. The whole boot clo tested on a thermal instrumented foot model in accordance with ASTM F1291 Standard Test Method for Measuring the Thermal Insulation of Clothing Using a Heated Manikin, will be reported by the vendor/manufacturer, if determined. Government testing and analysis may be required to determine, or verify, the prediction modeling temperature/time ranges to frostbite for the candidate boots. e. Cold Weather and Extreme Cold Weather boots may be required to meet, or exceed, any of the requirements for Slip testing in accordance with SATRA Method TM 144. The minimum Coefficient of Friction (CoF) performance required for the below listed surface conditions shall be: Normal cold weather outer sole boots: Area CoF Wing surface (Hydraulic mode) Flat

0.24 Rough Ice surface (Frost mode) Heel

0.09 Quarry Tile (Wet mode) Forepart

0.58 Polycoated Concrete (5% Sodium Laural Sulphate (NaLS) in H20 Heel

0.02 RFI Responses: Please provide your responses or questions to Mr. Donald F. Fleury, email: donald.f.fleury.civ@army.mil, phone: 508-206-3071. by 12:00pm EST on 16 June 2026. Title e-mail responses in the subject line of the e-mail as follows: “Response to T-38 ESUP-I2 Request for Information # ROUK-26-0005” Responses shall include the following information: Company/Institute name Address Point of Contact CAGE Code DUNS Number Phone Number E-mail Address Web page URL All prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database to be awarded a DoD contract. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this requirement 316210, if applicable to the company’s capabilities, should be included in the company’s NAICS code listing in SAM. The NAICS Code for this action is 316210, size standard $45M. Based on the NAICS Code, state whether your company qualifies as a: a. Small Business (Yes/No) Please limit your responses to no more than 35 pages, to include product sheets, test data, answers to the questions above; identify a representative to support further Government inquiries and requests for clarification of the information provided, if needed. The Government will consider marketing materials an insufficient response to this RFI. Respondents should indicate which portions of their responses are proprietary and mark accordingly, and all proprietary information must be clearly marked on the outside container and on the materials inside. The Government will handle all information properly marked as proprietary information. The Government is not liable for, or suffer any consequential damages, for any proprietary information not properly identified. Questions: The Government will answer responses to questions from interested parties promptly and will post on the beta.sam.gov website, unless some release of proprietary information is involved or the answer addresses a question specific to a company or that company’s response. AF Points of Contact (POCs) for this RFI: Mr. Donald F. Fleury, email: donald.f.fleury.civ@army.mil Phone: 508-206-3071 Contracting Office Address: AFLCMC/WNU Bldg. 12 1981 Monahan Way Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433 The Government will answer all written questions by posting answers to this beta.sam.gov website, except as provided above. Additionally, questions must NOT contain trade secrets or classified information. The Government reserves the right to not address questions received after 16 June 2026.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Donald Fleury
  - Email: donald.f.fleury.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 508-206-3071

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: burn-through (Reference: Sections 7-10.1 and 8.5.5). The boot shall be considered to have failed the burn-through test when burn-through is observed through all layers of the quarter panel and lining components. The rubber outsole is not subject to the flame resistance requirements. f. Upper heat resistance. The boots shall meet the Thermal Conductive Heat Resistance Test One requirements of NFPA 1971, Standard on Protective Ensemble for Structural Firefighting, 2007 Edition (NFPA 1971, Section 8-7). g. Sole heat resistance. The boots shall meet the Thermal Conductive Heat Resistance Test Two requirements of the NFPA 1971, Standard on Protective Ensemble for Structural Firefighting, 2007 Edition (NFPA 1971, Section 8-8). h. Water Resistance. The boots shall be tested for their resistance to rain or water spray in accordance with AATCC 127 Water Resistance: Hydrostatic Pressure Testing. i. Safety Toe options, steel or composite, are allowed in any boot otherwise authorized StF. Compliance with ASTM F2412 and ASTM F2413 Impact (I/75), Compression (C/75), and Electrical Hazard (EH) is required. Maximum dimensioning in paragraph 2 above must not be exceeded. 3. Type Boot temperature ranges and some associated specifications (MILSPEC and PD) are: a. Hot weather (>70ºF): StF boots shall comply with the requirements listed in paragraphs 1 and 2, above, and conform to either PD-WNUV-11-01 - HW, ST, (BOOT, HOT WEATHER, INDUSTRIAL) or GL-PD-09-02 - HW, FR, (BOOTS, COMBAT, HOT WEATHER - FLAME RESISTANT) with, or without, a Safety-Toe option. They will not require waterproofing, only water resistance (AATCC TM-22). b. Temperate Weather (? 32ºF to 70ºF): StF boots shall comply with the requirements listed in paragraphs 1 and 2, above, and conform to the tests as described in Purchase Descriptions PD 77AESG-06-01A or PD 77AESG-06-03A, as appropriate, with or without a Safety-Toe option. c. Intermediate Cold/Wet Weather (14ºF to 32ºF): No StF boots have been AF certified in this specific temperature range. d. Cold weather (-20º to 32ºF) or Extreme Cold weather (-20ºF to -49ºF, or below): StFboots shall comply with the requirements of WNU 99 PD 17007, Service Boots, Cold Weather or GL-PD-19-03A, Boot, Combat, Cold Weather. Note: The amount and type of insulation used will be stated by the vendor/manufacturer. The “clo” (average insulation) value (ASTM C518 Standard Test Method for Steady State Thermal Transmission Properties by Means of the Heat Flow Meter Apparatus) for the type and amount of insulation used will be determined and reported by the vendor/manufacturer. The whole boot clo tested on a thermal instrumented foot model in accordance with ASTM F1291 Standard Test Method for Measuring the Thermal Insulation of Clothing Using a Heated Manikin, will be reported by the vendor/manufacturer, if determined. Government testing and analysis may be required to determine, or verify, the prediction modeling temperature/time ranges to frostbite for the candidate boots. e. Cold Weather and Extreme Cold Weather boots may be required to meet, or exceed, any of the requirements for Slip testing in accordance with SATRA Method TM 144. The minimum Coefficient of Friction (CoF) performance required for the below listed surface conditions shall be: Normal cold weather outer sole boots: Area CoF Wing surface (Hydraulic mode) Flat

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9934fa8e435c4548b0301ce5686c8092/view)