---
layout: default
title: USACE SPK DBB Construction - Natomas PP5, Sacramento, CA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 8ce3f4cd83a4466bbfd47fe1ecca8112
---

# USACE SPK DBB Construction - Natomas PP5, Sacramento, CA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-26 12:23:15.002-04
- Solicitation Number: W9123826S0018

## Summary

This Sources Sought Notice is being issued for market research purposes to determine the availability, capability, and interest of small business firms for a potential Government requirement. NO SOLICITATION IS AVAILABLE; requests for a solicitation will go unanswered. No award will be made from this Notice. Responses will be used to determine potential acquisition strategies, understand current market capabilities, and to gain knowledge of potential sources. GENERAL SCOPE: The United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) Sacramento District (SPK) anticipates a potential requirement to design and construct a new pumping plant facility in Sacramento, CA. The American River Common Features, Natomas Basin Project was authorized by the Water Resources Reform Development Act of 2014. The Natomas Basin is divided into nine reaches, A through I. RD-1000’s Pumping Plant 5 (PP5) is in Reach B, located along the Sacramento River near the landside toe of the levee and south of Interstate 5. PP5 is designed to discharge drainage from the West Drainage Canal to the Sacramento River following any significant amount of rainfall. The existing PP5 is in the path of completing the Reach B levee improvements that includes seepage berm, adjacent levee, and raising discharge pipes above the 200-year water surface elevation. The existing PP5 will be demolished, and a new facility will be constructed about 300 feet up the canal to allow for the levee features to be constructed. Constraints the project will encounter include flood season restrictions from 1 October through 14 April, Giant Garter Snake work window of 1 May through 30 September and Pumping Plant 5 inlet canal in-water work window of 1 May through 30 September. The potential requirement may result in a firm-fixed-price solicitation issued approximately May 2026. If solicited, the Government intends to award the anticipated requirement by approximately 30 September 2026. The Government estimates that construction of the potential requirement can be completed within 880 calendar days from issuance of Notice to Proceed. If market conditions indicate this estimate may be unrealistic, Respondents are encouraged to provide specific information (such as known equipment lead times or other timeline concerns) for Government consideration when responding to this Sources Sought Notice. The Government currently estimates the magnitude of construction for the potential project is between $25,000,000 and $35,000,000. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for the potential requirement is anticipated to be 237990, Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction. The small business size standard for the NAICS, as established by the U.S. Small Business Administration, is $45,500,000 annual revenue. The Product Service Code for the potential requirement is anticipated to be Y1LC, Construction of Tunnels and Subsurface Structures. If there is a reasonable expectation that at least two (2) responsible small business concerns under this NAICS can provide the anticipated services at fair market prices, the Contracting Officer is required to set the acquisition aside for small business concerns. If competition is set-aside for small businesses, Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting, requires that general construction small business Contractors will not pay more than 85 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor's 85 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Contractors with the skill, capabilities, workload capacity, and ability to obtain bonding to complete the project described above (either through self-performance and/or Subcontractor management) are invited to provide capability statements to the primary point of contact listed below. Other than small businesses are also encouraged to submit Capability Statements. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Responses must be limited to ten (10) 8.5 x 11-inch pages with a minimum font size of point 10. Please provide the following information: 1) Company name, System for Award Management Unique Entity Identification number (SAM UEI) or Employer Identification Number (EIN), address, point of contact name, contact phone number, contact e-mail address, and statement identifying whether the company employs union or non-union workers. 2) Experience and capability to complete contracts of similar magnitude and complexity to the potential requirement, including at least three (3) examples of comparable work performed within the past six (6) years. Each example should include a brief description of the project, description of the work performed (identification of self-performance and/or Subcontractor management), customer name, customer satisfaction, timeliness of performance, dollar value of the project, and whether there were any challenges experienced during the project (delays, investigations, health and safety issues, labor shortages, management/organizational issues, etc.). 3) Business size and socioeconomic type for the applicable NAICS (ex: Woman-Owned Small Business, Serviced-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), certified Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone), 8(a) Participant, small business, or other than small business (large business)). 4) Bonding capability (in the form of a Surety letter). Please submit all capabilities statements, information, brochures, and/or marketing material as one (1) document, limited to the page maximum above. Responses will not be considered an offer, proposal, or bid for any solicitation that may result from this Notice. Moreover, responses will not restrict the Government to an acquisition approach. This Notice is for information and planning purposes only. Respondents will not be notified of the results of any review conducted or the capability statements received. Please provide responses and/or questions by e-mail to the Contract Specialist, Antonina Beal at Antonia.Beal@usace.army.mil by 1000 / 10:00 a.m. (PT) Friday 24 April 2026. Please include the Sources Sought Notice number, W9123826S0018, in the e-mail subject line.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Antonina Beal
  - Email: antonina.beal@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 9165577543
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Wheelis
  - Email: jennifer.l.wheelis@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8ce3f4cd83a4466bbfd47fe1ecca8112/view)