---
layout: default
title: Z2DA--657-23-104JC, Prepare Site for New Computed Tomography Unit, Room A259
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 9ef0348b227b49f4a429ca5b2efea35d
---

# Z2DA--657-23-104JC, Prepare Site for New Computed Tomography Unit, Room A259

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 16:47:47.168-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526R0098
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Presolicitation Notice TITLE OF PROJECT: 657-23-104JC - Prepare Site for New Computed Tomography Unit, Room A259 Solicitation 36C25526R0098 Scope of work: The VA Saint Louis Health Care System, John Cochran Division, requires a Construction Contractor to prepare existing space for a new CT system including the installation of a dedicated HVAC system to allow procedures to occur in Room A259. Work includes, but not limited to, the refreshment & renovation of Rooms A259, & A259A. This project has a set of drawings and specifications that have been created by an Architectural-Engineering firm. These drawings and specifications indicate the work to be performed. Work includes, but is not limited to, general construction, alterations, mechanical, electrical & plumbing work, utility systems, fire protection systems, abatement work, necessary demolition and removal of existing structures, associated appurtenances, and certain other items necessary completion. All work shall be performed in accordance with solicitation/contract terms and conditions, specifications and drawings, and all applicable VA TIL and local and National codes. Contractor shall furnish all supervision, tools, labor, materials, equipment, transportation and testing necessary. Contractor will perform site investigations to fully inform themselves of the conditions and limitations applied to the work. END OF SCOPE OF WORK Contractor shall review any as-built drawings, specifications, and field verifications in conjunction with the performance of this project. All project work shall be installed in accordance with all applicable standards available at time of installation to include published commercial specifications as well as standards and preferences expressed in this document. All installation details shall be fully coordinated with VA CO and on-site Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). Period of Performance for all work is 210 calendar days. The facility location is the Saint Louis VA Medical Center John Cochran Division, 915 Grand Blvd, Saint Louis, Missouri 63106. Pursuant to 38 USC 8127(d) and in accordance with Public Law 109-461, the Veterans Benefits, Healthcare and Information Technology Act of 2006, this procurement is set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB). The estimated cost magnitude is between $1,000,000 and $2,000,000. The North American Industry Classification Code (NAICS) for this procurement is 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction Contractors with a small business size standard of $45.0 million. The duration of the project is estimated to be 210 calendar days after receipt of notice to proceed. This completion period includes final inspection and clean-up. Award will be made utilizing the Best Value Lowest Price Technically Acceptable Source Selection Process in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 15.101-2. Proposal submission instructions will be included in the solicitation package. The government plans to award without discussions but reserves the right to hold discussions if necessary. The offeror is responsible to monitor and download any amendments from the System of Award Management (SAM) Business Opportunities (https://sam.gov/) website, which may be issued to this pre-solicitation. In accordance with VAAR 852.219-75(a)(1)(ii), In the case of a contract for general construction, the contractor will not pay more than 85% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not certified SDVOSBs listed in the SBA certification database as set forth in 852.219-73 or certified VOSBs listed in the SBA certification database as set forth in 852.219-74. Any work that a similarly situated certified SDBOSB/VOSB subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the 85% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Cost of materials are excluded and not considered to be subcontracted. In accordance with FAR 52.204-7, registration in SAM is required and in accordance with FAR 2.101, prospective contractors must be registered in SAM under the applicable NAICS code. Additionally, in accordance with the Veterans Affairs Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) 819.7003, only businesses verified under the applicable NAICS and listed in the small business administration (SBA) registry - https://search.certifications.sba.gov/, shall be considered. Firms may obtain SAM information at https://www.sam.gov and VIP information at U.S. Small Business Administration at https://www.sba.gov/. The solicitation package/ official RFP and specifications should be available for download on or before March 27, 2026, through SAM.gov. An organized site visit will be scheduled for April 10, 2026, the specific information will be made available at time of solicitation issuance. Only one site visit will be scheduled and interested offerors are highly encouraged to attend. No hard copies of the solicitation will be provided; and telephone requests or questions will NOT be accepted. Special Note regarding FAR 52.229-3: Federal, State and Local Taxes: Offerors are hereby notified that all state and local sales or use taxes for construction materials must be included in their bid or proposal price. It is solely the responsibility of the offeror to include all other applicable taxes in their bid or proposal price as well. The Government has determined that for this acquisition it cannot take advantage of any sales or use tax exemptions that may be available to it under applicable state law. Under no circumstances will any Contractor be designated as an agent of the Government for purposes of any tax exemption, nor will the Government authorize any Contractor s use of any tax exemption directly applicable to the Government under this procurement. A price change request upon award relating to the contract inclusion of state and local sales or use taxes will not be accepted. END OF NOTICE

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Lucia A. Cowsert
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Lucia.Cowsert@va.gov
  - Phone: (913) 758-9912

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9ef0348b227b49f4a429ca5b2efea35d/view)