---
layout: default
title: J065--Edwards Hemosphere Module Preventative Maintenance Inspection and Emergency Repair Services at the Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 0e47e473ec76478d9f7afecb5b83edba
---

# J065--Edwards Hemosphere Module Preventative Maintenance Inspection and Emergency Repair Services at the Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-04 10:35:47.774-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0447
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 7 of 7 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 7 Sources Sought Announcement: This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY , it is neither a solicitation announcement nor a request for proposals or quotes and does not obligate the Government to award a contract. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. Responses to this sources-sought must be in writing. The purpose of this sources sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential sources capable of providing the services described below. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) Company name: (b) Address: (c) Point of Contact: (d) Phone, Fax (if applicable), and Email: (e) Unique Entity ID: (f) Cage Code: (g) Tax ID Number: (h) Type of business, SDVOSB; VOSB, WOSB, small, large, etc., as appropriate: (i) Must provide a Capability Statement that addresses the organization s qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the statement of work draft described below in italics. Failure to provide sufficient information may result in the Government s inability to determine whether the respondent is capable. GENERAL STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITY ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE. The Department of Veterans Affairs, Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare System, West Los Angeles VA Medical Center, located at 11301 Wilshire Blvd. Los Angeles, CA 90073 1003 is seeking potential qualified contractors to provide preventative maintenance inspection and emergency repair services including software support on eight (8) Government owned Edwards Hemosphere Module. All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail to Loan.Dho@va.gov. All e-mails must have as the subject line 36C26226Q0447 Edwards Hemosphere Module Preventative Maintenance Inspection and Emergency Repair Services . All information submissions must be received no later than 10:00 AM (PST) on March 11, 2026. STATEMENT OF WORK Edwards Hemosphere Module Preventive Maintenance and Emergency Repair Services SCOPE: The Contractor shall provide all necessary labor, materials, supplies, parts, software (needed for the general operation of the equipment), tools, equipment, travel, transportation expenses and other related costs to provide Preventive Maintenance Inspection (PMI) and Emergency Repair services on the Government Owned Edwards HEMOSPHERES and their respective cables and modules at the participating facilities listed herein of the Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN) 22. Edwards HEMOSPHERES and their accessories are used for advanced patient monitoring and analysis of patient hemodynamics. The contractor shall perform work in strict accordance with the specifications, statement of work, and all VA local, federal, state, and applicable regulations. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: Base Year GENERAL REQUIREMENT: All work shall be in accordance with manufacturer s instructions, including, but not limited to, adjustments, calibration, cleaning, lubrication, testing, disassembly, checkout, and replacement of worn and/or defective parts. The above shall be performed as necessary as required to keep equipment in optimal working condition. PREVENTATIVE MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION (PMI) Contractor shall perform preventative maintenance inspections on all listed equipment on Table 1. Preventative maintenance shall include required procedures such as functional testing, calibration, software checks, and safety inspections to ensure compliance with manufacturer standards. 4.1. The Contractor shall perform all manufacturer recommended PMI duties, including but not limited to: Visual inspection Potential replacement of internal pump mechanism As needed firmware upgrade with minor bug fixes and performance improvements External inspection Potential replacement of parts & fasteners Calibrations Functional testing Ensuring equipment meets performance specifications Table 1: Edwards Hemosphere Equipment (s): EE# Serial Number (HEM 1) Serial Number Modules(HEMCSM10) Preventative Maintenance Frequency 232615 13845501 16806039 Annual 232627 13845503 16806057 Annual 232625 13845510 16806058 Annual 243628 13840345 16807073 Annual 243630 13840374 16807120 Annual 243629 13850367 16807113 Annual 252944 13810809 16807077 Annual 249578 13810103 16807071 Annual Cables and modules are also included for PMI services as equipment covered under this service requirement. 4.2. The Contractor shall perform PMI in accordance with the equipment manufacturer during the life of the contract. All equipment must also be maintained in such a condition that will satisfy the requirements of the Joint Commission (JC). The Contractor may request a copy of the JC standards from the Program Point of Contract. 4.3. The Contractor shall provide all PMI-related replacement parts at no cost to the Government. 4.4. The Contractor shall provide all travel and transportation expenses at no cost to the Government. 4.5. The PMI will be scheduled for a minimum of five business days in advance with the Program Point of Contract (PPOC). 4.6. The Contractor shall provide a detailed service report to the PPOC within ten business days of PMI maintenance. 4.7 The contractor shall complete all tasks outlined in the OEM service checklist when performing the required service. 4.8 Contractor shall utilize OEM checklist and furnish a copy as part of the service documentation. Emergency Repair Services Contractor shall provide a quote for the emergency repair related to the equipments listed within this statement of work. The quote must be submitted to the Program Point of Contact (PPOC) for approval via a modification from the Contracting Officer before any work on emergency repair CLIN can begin. 5.1. The Contractor shall conduct emergency repair maintenance/repair services as required by the Government. All equipment must also be maintained in such a condition that it will satisfy the Joint Commission. The Contractor may request a copy of the JC standards from the PPOC. 5.2 The Contractor shall provide all emergency repair maintenance/repair services and replacement parts at no cost to the Government. 5.3. The Contractor shall provide a detailed service report to the PPOC within ten business days of emergency repair maintenance/repair services. Other Requirements: 6.1. The Contractor shall provide all travel and transportation expenses at no cost to the Government. 6.2. The Contractor shall provide phone technical support 24 hours, 365 days a year. REPLACEMENT PARTS 7.1. Only standard new or like-new parts shall be furnished by the Contractor. All parts shall be of current manufacture and shall have versatility with presently installed equipment. All major components and parts furnished shall carry the manufacturer s standard commercial warranty. 7.2. All newly installed parts will become property of the Government. Replaced parts are to be disposed of by the Contractor after approval of PPOC. 7.3. All worn or defective parts are to be replaced at no cost to the Government. Operating and consumable supplies are not included in this contract. 7.4. The Veterans Affairs Healthcare Facility shall not furnish parts, service manuals and/or test equipment for the performance of this contract. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to bring appropriate equipment and/or supplies necessary to complete the work as required. PARTICIPATING FACILITY: VA GREATER LOS ANGELES HEALTHCARE SYSTEM West Los Angeles VA Medical Center 11301 Wilshire Blvd Los Angeles, CA 90073 HOURS OF WORK: 9.1. This contract is a full-service contract to include all necessary scheduled service calls five (5) days per week, Monday through Friday, 7:00 am 3:30 pm (PT), excluding National holidays. 9.2. Telephone support services are available at no additional cost to the Government. 9.3. Any service performed during other than normal work hours must have prior approval and be coordinated by the PPOC or CO. NATIONAL HOLIDAY: January 1 New Year s Day January 19 Birthday of Marthin Luther King, Jr. February 16 President s Day May 25 Memorial Day June 19 Juneteenth July 4 Independence Day (Observed on July 3) September 7 Labor Day October 12 Columbus Day November 11 Veterans Day November 26 Thanksgiving Day December 25 Christmas Day OVERTIME & HOLIDAY PAY: 10.1. Any overtime and/or holiday pay that may be entitled to the Contractor s employees shall be the sole responsibility of the Contractor and shall not be billed to nor reimbursed by the Government. 10.2. Contractor will bill and be paid for actual services provided by Contractor personnel. Contractor will not be paid for availability or on-call services unless otherwise provided herein. QUALIFICATION: Personnel performing maintenance and repair services must be fully qualified, competent Field Service Engineers (FSE) who have been trained to perform work on the specific equipment in accordance with the original manufacturer s PMI/ repair procedures. Fully qualified is defined as factory-trained or equivalent and experienced to work on the equipment assigned.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Loan Dho
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: loan.dho@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0e47e473ec76478d9f7afecb5b83edba/view)