---
layout: default
title: INDEFINITE DELIVERY ARCHITECT-ENGINEER SERVICES MULTIPLE AWARD TASK ORDER CONTRACT (MATOC) FOR MECHINICAL-ELECTRICAL DESIGN AND RELATED PROJECTS, PRIMARILY VARIOUS LOCATIONS, ALASKA - W911KB27RA006
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 85844112608c47d69a9526fbacaf2ae9
---

# INDEFINITE DELIVERY ARCHITECT-ENGINEER SERVICES MULTIPLE AWARD TASK ORDER CONTRACT (MATOC) FOR MECHINICAL-ELECTRICAL DESIGN AND RELATED PROJECTS, PRIMARILY VARIOUS LOCATIONS, ALASKA - W911KB27RA006

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-20 18:04:34.067-04
- Solicitation Number: W911KB27RA006

## Summary

INDEFINITE DELIVERY ARCHITECT-ENGINEER SERVICES MULTIPLE AWARD TASK ORDER CONTRACT (MATOC) FOR MECHINICAL-ELECTRICAL DESIGN AND RELATED PROJECTS, PRIMARILY VARIOUS LOCATIONS, ALASKA - W911KB27RA006 THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT FOR PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS AND NO CONTRACT WILL BE AWARDED FROM THIS SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Alaska District is conducting market research to facilitate determination of acquisition strategy. The determination of acquisition strategy for this acquisition lies solely with the government and will be based on this market research and information available to the government from other sources. This market research is being conducted in order to identify A-E Services Contractors with the capabilities to perform the following requirement: The Alaska District is contemplating an Indefinite Delivery multi-discipline contract(s) to be procured in accordance with the Brooks A-E Act as implemented in FAR Part 36 and the supplements thereto. Anticipate award of three (3) to (5) multiple award task order contracts with a shared capacity of $40 million. The contract type shall be indefinite delivery, firm fixed price over a term of 5 years. Anticipated average task order range will be from $150K - $2M. The maximum task order limit will be $20M. When the conditions in Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) 19.104-1 are met at the time of order set-aside, and the specific program eligibility requirements, as appliable are also met, Task order set-asides for small businesses (totally or partially) will be discretionary. The anticipated NAICS is 541330, Engineering Services, PSC is C219 A-E: General – Other and Size Standard is $25.5M. PROJECT INFORMATION: The AEs selected would be required to have sufficient staff, flexibility, and capability to be available on an as-needed basis. Typical types of services to be provided are related to the study and design of new, renovations, repair, and modernization of mechanical and electrical systems to include: studies and designs of electrical power, communication, grounding, lighting and control systems; study and design of heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration with DDC controls, utilidors and enclosed utility systems; performance of commissioning services (LEED both Fundamental and Enhanced); study and design of fire protection and detection systems (including aircraft hangar aqueous film forming foam (AFFF) fire suppression systems as well as standard wet, dry, and pre-action sprinkler systems); general building designs; the design of POL systems is incidental to facility design. The AE may also perform construction phase services, inspection and investigations or may development Design/Build RFPs. The AE and their subcontractors must have experience in cold regions design. Cold regions design is not considered to be a separate discipline that can be subcontracted. Rather, knowledge and experience in the design, construction and operation of facilities in arctic, subarctic, and cold region environments must be integral to all design disciplines. The AE may be required to participate in programming, value engineering studies, design Charrettes and project review conferences; participation may include facilitation, VE Study team, etc. The Government may require that designs be in metric and/or English systems of units. The firm must demonstrate the ability to; provide drawings in AutoCAD (version as required by the project); Have the capability to provide designs using building information modeling (BIM) software; use the latest version of M2 (cost estimating software furnished by the Government); provide a cost estimate in work breakdown structure (WBS); provide draft DD Form 1354, Transfer and Acceptance of Military Real Property; provide electronic bid set (EBS) documents; use SPECSINTACT, for all projects unless otherwise directed in the Task Order. The AE will be required to use Dr. Check’s programs (permissions and passwords will be distributed on a project-by-project basis). Systems information required for Dr. Checks: Internet Explorer (Microsoft); the web site is: http:\\www.buildersnet.org\drchecks. The Government may require the AE provide engineering, testing, and design services during construction. The Government may require the AE to provide the Government Construction Management and Design Staff with Fundamental and Enhanced Commissioning Services for various projects. The Commissioning Services shall include individuals to serve as the Commissioning Authority on the project as described in the USGBC LEED Reference Guide 2025 Edition, Energy and Atmosphere Prerequsite 1 and Credit 3. These persons will support the Government in verifying contract compliance regarding the design, construction and initial post-occupancy phase of the project delivery as it relates to enhanced commissioning. The Government may require the AE to prepare and review energy models prepared by others using DOE approved modeling software in accordance ASHRAE

90.1 Appendix G and UFC 3-400-01. LOCATION: Primarily Various Locations, Alaska, but may be utilized outside Alaska on an exception basis. Facilities will generally be located in arctic or subarctic environments. All interested contractors are encouraged to respond to this announcement no later than 04 May 2026, 2:00PM AST, by submitting all requested documentation listed below by email to: Danielle Sprague at Danielle.sprague@usace.army.mil. Interested firms should submit a capabilities package (not exceeding 5 pages) demonstrating the ability to perform work listed above. Packages should include the following information: 1. Business overview to include business name, CAGE, UEI, address, email point of contact. 2. Statement of specialized experience and technical competence in: a) Design and studies conducted for electrical power and communications internal and external distribution. b) Designs and studies conducted for medium voltage systems including overhead/underground distribution, power plants and substations. Designs and studies conducted for low voltage systems including interior power, generators, uninterruptible power supplies and lighting systems. Designs and studies conducted for information management systems including exterior distribution, interior local area network and telephone systems. Designs and studies conducted for airfield lighting, hazardous areas, and lightning protection. c) Heating, piping including utility systems, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration systems. Utilidor and enclosed utility systems. d) Experience in BIM modeling and LEED energy consumption modeling. e) AFFF and high expansion foam (HEF) fire suppression systems, and fire detection systems. 3. Demonstration of the business’s experience as a prime contractor on projects of similar size, type and complexity within the past five years with a brief description and dollar amount of the project that was self-performed, description of cost control, quality of work and schedule compliance 4. The business’s intent to submit a proposal on the subject acquisition. Responsible sources demonstrating relevant experience and the capabilities to perform the work will be considered. Prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for a contract award. Information on SAM can be obtained via the Internet at http://www.sam.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: DANIELLE SPRAGUE
  - Email: daniell.sprague@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 9077532553
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Mark Corn
  - Email: mark.r.corn@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 9077532817

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: and UFC 3-400-01. LOCATION: Primarily Various Locations, Alaska, but may be utilized outside Alaska on an exception basis. Facilities will generally be located in arctic or subarctic environments. All interested contractors are encouraged to respond to this announcement no later than 04 May 2026, 2:00PM AST, by submitting all requested documentation listed below by email to: Danielle Sprague at Danielle.sprague@usace.army.mil. Interested firms should submit a capabilities package (not exceeding 5 pages) demonstrating the ability to perform work listed above. Packages should include the following information: 1. Business overview to include business name, CAGE, UEI, address, email point of contact. 2. Statement of specialized experience and technical competence in: a) Design and studies conducted for electrical power and communications internal and external distribution. b) Designs and studies conducted for medium voltage systems including overhead/underground distribution, power plants and substations. Designs and studies conducted for low voltage systems including interior power, generators, uninterruptible power supplies and lighting systems. Designs and studies conducted for information management systems including exterior distribution, interior local area network and telephone systems. Designs and studies conducted for airfield lighting, hazardous areas, and lightning protection. c) Heating, piping including utility systems, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration systems. Utilidor and enclosed utility systems. d) Experience in BIM modeling and LEED energy consumption modeling. e) AFFF and high expansion foam (HEF) fire suppression systems, and fire detection systems. 3. Demonstration of the business’s experience as a prime contractor on projects of similar size, type and complexity within the past five years with a brief description and dollar amount of the project that was self-performed, description of cost control, quality of work and schedule compliance 4. The business’s intent to submit a proposal on the subject acquisition. Responsible sources demonstrating relevant experience and the capabilities to perform the work will be considered. Prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for a contract award. Information on SAM can be obtained via the Internet at http://www.sam.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/85844112608c47d69a9526fbacaf2ae9/view)