---
layout: default
title: IDIQ For Architect Engineer (A/E) Services for Central Office
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b930112fe18943ce9423c6c0f2c1c80b
---

# IDIQ For Architect Engineer (A/E) Services for Central Office

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-03 14:21:52.521-04
- Solicitation Number: 15B70026PR000155

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE. THIS NOTICE IS ISSUED FOR MARKET RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION OR INVITATION FOR OFFERORS TO SUBMIT QUALIFICATION DOCUMENTS OR PROPOSALS. SHOULD THIS REQUIREMENT MOVE FORWARD, A SYNOPSIS OF THE PROPOSED CONTRACT ACTION WILL BE POSTED AT A LATER DATE PROVIDING INSTRUCTIONS FOR OFFERORS TO RESPOND TO THIS OPPORTUNITY. Please only respond to this sources sought notice if you are an architect/engineering firm interested in submitting a proposal and are capable of performing the corresponding work required. The Federal Bureau of Prisons (FBOP), Central Office anticipates the need for a multiple award, indefinite delivery indefinite quantity (IDIQ), firm-fixed price contract for supplemental Architect Engineer (A/E) services with one-year base requirement and up to four option years. The Government anticipates making four (4) awards; however, the ultimate number of contracts will be determined after the assessment of qualified contractors. The services will be for Federal Bureau of Prisons facilities throughout the 50 states and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico. A/E Firms are required to be licensed/registered within the applicable states and must conform to all laws, rules, and requirements. The firms shall provide architectural, engineering, construction administration and related services for existing institutions, the development of new institutions and support infrastructure for the United States Government, Department of Justice, Bureau of Prisons (BOP). Services required include, but are not limited to: A. Performance of physical plant and infrastructure system reviews and subsequent reporting of findings and recommendations. B. Certifying that design, construction, or conditions at existing facilities surveyed complies with Architectural Barriers Act (ABA), life safety (NFPA 101), energy related, environmental, and all other relevant codes and regulatory requirements. Certification will be accomplished by appropriately qualified professionals as indicated in the BOP’s Technical Design Guidelines. Federal projects are not subject to complying with State, City, County, or other local codes unless that authority is delegated to them by another federal agency such as EPA. BOP’s Health Services Assistant Director is the AHJ for BOP life safety matters. That authority is delegated to the AE, the technical experts, who will act as the AHJ on BOP projects as necessary for all life safety related matters for this contract. C. Performance of Life Cycle Cost analyses for all design development and other tasks as required per Title 10 CFR Parts 435 and 436. D. Preparation of various technical and feasibility studies, surveys, engineering reports, and analyses related to existing institutions. E. Performance of various testing and inspection services such as, but not limited to, the existence of or extent of hazardous materials on site, adequacy of energy efficiency measures, video surveillance of sewage lines, analyses of structural integrity, electrical load/demand side tests, water quality tests, construction related tests, and others as required by applicable codes, regulations, and policies. F. Development of Request for Qualifications and/or Request for Proposals (RFP) documents to be used for the procurement of Design-Build contract(s) or Invitation for Bids for the Design-Bid-Build process for Federal Correctional Facilities. G. Development of Design and Construction documents for selected construction projects at existing institutions. H. Development of independent cost estimates for selected construction projects at existing institutions, utility contracts, A/E contracts, and proposed contract modifications. Performance of subsequent comparisons and analyses of the same. Development of future budget requirement projections. I. Review of contractor submittals and performance of technical analyses of same. J. Assistance in the development and management of project and construction contract schedules utilizing critical path methods and other related analyses. K. Providing site visits at existing institutions. L. Performance of consulting services related to existing institutions such as, but not limited to, development of planning, operating, budgeting, and data system requirements. M. Participation in construction inspections at existing institutions. N. Performance of Facilities Programs conformance reviews. Facilities Programs include Historic Preservation, Life Safety, Energy Management, Environmental Management, Design Compliance, Accessibility, and Physical Plant Reviews. O. Assistance with the development of and management of databases/systems associated with Facilities Programs. P. Assistance with development of, maintenance of, and management of computerized construction maintenance and capital planning programs. Most projects will take place in a fully occupied, fully operational, secure correctional environment. Most projects require complex design effort and detail along with extensive coordination between design disciplines, the institution, and the Central Office during design and construction. Projects at select institutions may involve issues of national security. Firms are to perform services as required by the issuance of individual task orders. The guaranteed annual minimum amount of each contract is $10,000 and the estimated annual maximum is $3,000,000. Services will be required for a one-year base period with four one-year option periods (if exercised) for a total of up to 60 months from the date of award. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code applicable to this requirement is 541310 (Architectural Services) with a corresponding small business size standard of $12.5 million average annual receipts for the firms preceding three fiscal years. If the requirement were to proceed as full and open, firms larger than this average will be considered large businesses and will be required to submit a small business subcontracting plan if selected to submit a proposal unless the services will be completed fully in-house by the firm for the entire contract duration. Interested bidders must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://sam.gov. NAICS code 541310 must be included where applicable in registrations. This requirement will be fulfilled pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 36.6 and the Brooks Act. Pursuant to FAR 36.209 and 36.606(c), for any firm(s) receiving award under this requirement, no construction contract may be awarded to the firm (including any of its subsidiaries or affiliates) that designs the corresponding project. Interested firms are requested to respond to this notice by adding their names to the Interested Vendors List for this posting by April 15, 2026. The synopsis of proposed contract action will include further instructions for responding to this opportunity. Interest contractors are advised to continuously monitor https://sam.gov for all future updates.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Alex Jackson
  - Email: a4jackson@bop.gov
  - Phone: 2025789940

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b930112fe18943ce9423c6c0f2c1c80b/view)