---
layout: default
title: LPD Class Ship MPDE Clutch Assembly LLTM
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: eb80ad1c79474347b3107a5f6cd8225c
---

# LPD Class Ship MPDE Clutch Assembly LLTM

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-24 13:55:37.86-04
- Solicitation Number: N5523626Q0052

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number N5523626Q0052 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ) for the procurement and delivery of Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) long lead-time replacement parts required to support Main Propulsion Diesel Engine (MPDE) Dual Clutch Assembly maintenance for the USS PORTLAND (LPD-27). This acquisition is being conducted on an unrestricted basis as a sole-source procurement. The Government intends to solicit and contract with only one responsible source for this requirement in accordance with FAR Part 12 procedures. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. SWRMC Code 310.2 requires long lead-time material (LLTM) for USS PORTLAND (LPD-27) as itemized above for fiscal year 27 Selected Restricted Availability (SRA) SSP# TPPC-LPD27-SWRMC27-CN01 – in support of Work Items 242-11-001 - Number 1A and 1B Main Propulsion Diesel Engine (MPDE) Dual Clutch Assembly; inspect and overhaul and 242-12-001 - Number 2A and 2B Main Propulsion Dual Clutch Assembly; inspect and overhaul. The following provisions apply to this acquisition and will be incorporated into any resulting purchase or delivery order. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (a) Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. As a minimum, offers shall include— (1) The solicitation number; (2) The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3) The Offeror’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described in the solicitation; (5) Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (6) A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b) Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1) Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2) Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is “late” and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4) Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d) Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e) Debriefings. If a postaward debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1) The agency’s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror’s offer. (2) The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3) The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4) A summary of the rationale for award. (5) For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6) Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (f) Requests for Clarification. Offerors may submit written requests for clarification (RFCs) or questions regarding this solicitation during the quotation period. All questions must be received no later than 26 MARCH 2026, 11:00 AM PACIFIC TIME to allow adequate time for review and issuance of responses prior to the quotation due date. Only written requests will be accepted. Responses to timely submitted questions may be provided via amendment to this solicitation. All correspondence shall reference Solicitation No. N5523626Q0052 in the subject line and be submitted electronically via e-mail to the following points of contact: Samantha Toles, samantha.l.toles.civ@us.navy.mil Dayen Lagunas, dayen.lagunas.civ@us.navy.mil Suzanne Shin, suzanne.j.shin.civ@us.navy.mil (End of provision) 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government based on Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) evaluation factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Technical Acceptability – The Government will evaluate quotations to verify that the quoted parts meet the salient characteristics and OEM requirements identified in the Product Description and CLIN schedule. Quotations must clearly demonstrate the ability to provide the specified Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) long lead-time replacement parts in support of the MPDE Dual Clutch Assembly work items. Delivery Schedule – The Government will evaluate quotations based on the Offeror’s proposed lead times and delivery schedule to determine whether the quoted material can be delivered on or before the Required Delivery Date (RDD) of 10 November 2026. If unable to meet the RDD, Offeror’s shall provide the next, soonest available delivery date after receipt of order/award (ARO). Quotations that present unacceptable schedule risk may be determined unacceptable. Price – The Government will evaluate the total evaluated price for all CLINs, inclusive of any transportation costs from the shipping point to the delivery destination. The Government will analyze quoted prices to determine price reasonableness in accordance with FAR 12.204(a). A quotation determined to be unreasonable may be rejected. (b) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer's specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials (End of provisions) The following clauses apply to this acquisition and will be incorporated into any resulting purchase or delivery order. C-202-H001 ADDITIONAL DEFINITIONS--BASIC (NAVSEA) (OCT 2018) C-204-H001 USE OF NAVY SUPPORT CONTRACTORS FOR OFFICIAL CONTRACT FILES (NAVSEA) (OCT 2018) C-211-H017 UPDATING SPECIFICATIONS AND STANDARDS (NAVSEA) (DEC 2018) C-211-H018 APPROVAL BY THE GOVERNMENT (NAVSEA) (JAN 2019) C-223-H003 EXCLUSION OF MERCURY (NAVSEA) (MAR 2019) C-243-H002 NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES (NAVSEA) (MAY 2019) C-247-H001 PERMITS AND RESPONSIBILITIES (NAVSEA) (DEC 2018) D-211-H004 IDENTIFICATION MARKING OF PARTS -- BASIC (NAVSEA) (OCT 2018) D-211-H005 IDENTIFICATION MARKING OF PARTS -- ALTERNATE I (NAVSEA) (OCT 2018) D-247-H004 MARKING AND PACKING LIST(S) – BASIC (NAVSEA) (FEB 2022) D-247-H005 MARKING AND PACKING LIST(S) – ALTERNATE I (NAVSEA) (OCT 2018) D-247-W001 PROHIBITED PACKING MATERIALS (NAVSEA) (OCT 2018) F-242-H001 CONTRACTOR NOTICE REGARDING LATE DELIVERY (NAVSEA) (OCT 2018) 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements 52.204-7 System for Award Management 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications 52.209-6 Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management 52.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors 52.233-3 Protest after Award 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (Alt I) 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.246-2 Inspection of Supplies-Fixed-Price 52.247-34 F.o.b. Destination 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in Clauses 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights 252.204-7004 Antiterrorism Awareness Training for Contractors. 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program 252.225-7048 Export-Controlled Items 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments 252.244-7000 Subcontracts for Commercial Products or Commercial Services 252.246-7003 Notification of Potential Safety Issues (End of clauses) Quotations shall be received no later than 30 MARCH 2026, 11:00 AM PACIFIC TIME. Quotations shall be submitted electronically via e-mail to: Samantha Toles, samantha.l.toles.civ@us.navy.mil Dayen Lagunas, dayen.lagunas.civ@us.navy.mil Suzanne Shin, suzanne.j.shin.civ@us.navy.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Samantha Toles
  - Email: samantha.l.toles.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: (619) 556-6047
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Dayen Lagunas
  - Email: dayen.lagunas.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: (619) 708-0908

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/eb80ad1c79474347b3107a5f6cd8225c/view)