---
layout: default
title: Call for Participants – Product Manager Soldier Weapons Precision Grenadier System Industry Day
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: c43b4d5077ba40d6bcc35fb55f7ddb93
---

# Call for Participants – Product Manager Soldier Weapons Precision Grenadier System Industry Day

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-26 15:37:42.952-04
- Solicitation Number: W15QKN-25-X-19B0

## Summary

Update 09 March 2026 Questions & Answers: Q31. §3.3 requires that the proposal be written “in English language using 12-point Times New Roman”. Will the government allow 10-point font for graphics and tables? Will the Government also allow Arial face font for graphics and tables? A31. Graphics and tables can utilize alternate fonts and font sizes but must be in the English language. Q32. In §2.3.2.3. references are made to a “PGS Security Classification Guide (SCG)” and a “PGS Family of Ammunition (FoA) SCG”. Can the USG please supply these for industry review? A32. The PGS SCG and PGS FoA SCG will be provided to the vendors when the PPON is released (or when approved after PPON release and NDA receipt). Q33. In §2.3.2.3.1. the potential need to protect classified information as per the requirements of the PGS SCG is made. Will there be a need for industry to access or process classified information in this program? A33. There may be a need for industry to access or protect classified information for this contract action. The follow-on production contract will require the need to store, handle, and process classified data. A34. Sections 2.3.1.1.1, 2.3.1.1.3, and 2.3.1.1.4, along with Attachments 5 and 8 require delivery of Type 2D drawings conforming to MIL-STD-31000C [reference Attachment 5, Section 2.A. and Attachment 8, Section 2.A.]. To complete solely a Type 2D TDP with no Type 3D Model Based Definition (MBD) requires a significant resource effort from industry to fully detail every feature in 2D regardless of its assessed importance to function and safety. Given the developmental nature of this program, would the USG alternatively allow delivery of a Type 3D TDP [reference Attachment 5, Section 2.B. and Attachment 8, Section 2.B.] with “2D drawings derived from 3D native models” and also allow the use of global profile tolerancing for non-critical features per MIL-STD-31000C §5.3.2.1. These allowances would optimize engineering resource usage (i.e. less time drafting non-critical features on a 2D drawing) and still yield a fully defined TDP deliverable. A34. The government intent of requesting Technical Data Packages is to document the prototype hardware/software configuration delivered for government testing. To that end, the government will accept either 2D or 3D formats. The 2D or 3Di PDF should provide a universally viewable format that can be opened without CAD software. For hardware, the PDFs shall define, at minimum, functional features, performance requirements, and/or physical properties, required for Configuration Management control and design analysis. All other features may reside in 3D/CAD format. The PPON statement of work, attachment 5, and attachment 8 will be updated to reflect the above. Q35. §2.2.1.3.2. of the draft PPON lists 7 different types of test and training ammunitions (i.e. HPT, DDI, loaded case primed with slug, etc.). Some or all of these configurations are needed for each of the four round types to fully complete the test matrix in Attachment 9. Please define the required quantities for each type of test configuration listed in §2.2.1.3.2., for each type of round, by relation to which test or portion of test defined in Attachment 9 that they will be consumed in? A35. The required quantities for 5 different types of rounds (High Pressure Test (HPT), Drill Dummy Inert, Arena Test, Rounds, Special fuze/cartridge configurations, and primed cases) listed in paragraph 2.2.1.3.2 are identified in the updated Attachment 3 Delivery schedule. Note these are the quantities required to support government testing only. The Primed Cases round quantities have been added to the proper subtests in the updated attachment 9 Prototype Test Outline. The other rounds will be utilized for pre-shipment weapon testing (HPT), government User Evaluation Testing (DDI), government Fuze Board Testing (Arena and special Fuze/Catridge configurations). Note the updated PPON removes the Loaded Case, Primed, with Slug and the Aeroballistics representative inert projectile ammunitions. Update 12 February 2026 Questions & Answers: Q17. Is the effort still on schedule for the release that's posted for the quarter 2 of this fiscal year, February- April timeframe? A17. Correct, at this time the Government has not changed the timeframe. Q18. Regarding field quantities, has that been touched on yet or identified what the anticipated quantities are for the program? A18. The final quantities are yet to be approved however; anticipated quantities were identified during industry day. Q19. As was briefed during industry day, is the plan still unchanged to issue an OTA contract with up to two awards and a down select potential for the development aspect of the project? A19. Correct, nothing has changed in the program status since industry day. Q20. There's reference to a lot of the enablers in the specifications coming off of the XM157, is the case to stay within those? A20. This is in reference to the industry presented slide deck, it was not the Government’s intent to state that is the solution or path forward. It was the Government’s intent to share lessons learned, what has been done in the past, and what is currently available. It was not intended as a guideline of what the fire control should look like. Contractors are expected to review the requirements contained within the PPON and formulate their solution to those requirements. Q21. In the draft specifications that are currently available, there was a lot of emphasis on the enablers as they're currently outlined in XM157. Is the intent for the PEO to maintain that structure or do contractors have the liberty of adjusting them as needed for the requirements? A21. This is in reference to the industry presented slide deck, it was not the Government’s intent to state that is the solution or path forward. It was the Government’s intent to share lessons learned, what has been done in the past, and what is currently available. It was not intended as a guideline of what the fire control should look like. Contractors are expected to review the requirements contained within the PPON and formulate their solution to those requirements. Q22. Is there a significant change from the draft that was provided at industry day, what's the final requirements or is still to be determined (TBD)? A22. The requirements have not changed significantly; however the Government did incorporate feedback and clarification that was received as a result of industry day. A review of the PPON and all of its associated attachments will provide all of the requirements for the effort. Q23. Related to the architecture and the weapons/ammunition and how it interfaces. Is it going to be dependent on whoever the contractors partner with versus the Government providing direction? A23. Correct, the Government will not provide direction in that regard. Q24. Is it the Government's intent to go with a fully integrated system versus a modular system and then choose between the vendors selected? A24. The intent is a fully integrated system due to the trade space available across all three items. The contractor will make the final decision as to what system to present to the Government. Q25. Outside of the PGS program, are there new fire control programs that are coming down the down the line that would help industry to come up with a more flexible fire control design that would also transition over to sniper crew? Anything of that type that industry could keep in mind as they progress on the other PGS program? A25. The FWS programs may offer some technologies that can be leveraged on thermals and development efforts in DEVCOM, however our office is not able to advise if those technologies have reached a maturity level that can be leveraged for PGS. XM157 was provided as lessons learned and an example during industry day. Contractors are welcome to mirror it, copy it, or ignoring all depending on their approach. Q26. Are there DEVCOM specific programs that are available regarding fire control that can be provided to industry? A26. Our office does not know of a specific program however, DEVCOM is always looking for new technologies in regards to optics, manufacturing advancements, cost reduction, weight reduction, less power consumption. However, the maturity level is low and might not be usable at this time. Q27. There is reference to the Government ballistic solver. Is the intent that it would be currently implemented as it was in the past with regard to ICDs with the new ballistic drops and parameters or are there other changes that you expect with that solver? A27. The Government does not intend to levy the solver on the program. It is expected that this is going to be a specific round for that specific fire control for that specific system. There is no reason to have a solver that can fire other rounds, as a result that requirement will be alleviated on the PGS. That means that fire control would be responsible for creating its ballistic solution inhouse for/from the vendor and create their own software. Which allows contractors more flexibility and control with their solutions. Q28. Is the GBS requirement going to be removed? The problem with the GBS is it forces a rebuild any time GBS’ had an update which then forced a requalification of the system. A28. GBS requirements were not part of the effort presented during industry day and their not expected to be part of the follow-on effort. However, if it were to be assessed in the future it would be assed during production as an engineering change proposal (ECP). Q29. Is a counter UAS capability part of this? A29. Yes, that information was included during industry day and attachment 1 for the draft PPON. The intent is the Government will provide industry with a list of requirements and industry will provide a concept that they believe is the best solution. Q30. At industry day, the UAS wasn't clearly defined with size, movement, speed, etc. will that information be provided? A30. The Government received feedback to that regard during industry day, as a result that information will be incorporated into the PPON and its associated attachments. Update 22 January 2026 Questions & Answers: Q8: Network Lethality / battery ICD A8: The draft PGS Operational Mode Summary/Mission Profile (OMS/MP) can be provided and will be included as an attachment with the final PPON. Battery-related requirements can be found in the OMS/MP. There is no Network Lethality requirement. Please request the draft OMS/MP through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q9: ISW ICD A9: The Octal data sheet and commercial TRU start guides can be provided (TRU is the commercial equivalent to ISW). Upon contract award, more specific Intra-Soldier Wireless interface documents can be provided pending a vetting procedure. Please request the Octal data sheet and commercial TRU start guides through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q10: XM-157 ICD A10: The M-157 ICD package requires a non-disclosure agreement to be signed by the requesting vendor. Please request the NDA and ICD package through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q11: MOSA ICD A11: Modular Open Systems Architecture (MOSA) principles for small arms fire control are part of the ICD package for the M-157. Q12: Additional LFU optical Requirements have been provided: A12: Drawing 13101393 “LFU optical Requirements” describes the filter element. There are supported specs for filter units with various objective diameters, listed in the below table. If your organization is interested, please request Drawing 13101393 through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Below vendors are known approved sources: LFU Vendors 1. Applied Optics Center A Division of Optex Systems, Inc 9872 Chartwell Dr Dallas, TX 75243 2. Optical Coating Laboratory, LLC A Division of Viavi Solutions 2789 Northpoint Parkway Santa Rosa, CA 95407 Currently supported LFU objective sizes and thread specifications: Part No. Objective Diameter Thread Specification 13104365 24mm M25.5 x 0.5 - 6g 13120868 24mm M28.5 x 0.75 - 6g 13120865 24mm M28 x 0.6 - 6g 13101345 30mm M34 x 0.75 - 6g 13102969 32mm 1.500-24 Unified Form SPL - INT 13051596 40mm 1.755-32 Unified Form SPL - EXT 13100578 44mm 1.967-48 Unified Form SPL - EXT 13058652 50mm 2.187-32 Unified Form SPL - EXT 13100581 56mm 2.425-48 Unified Form SPL - EXT 13111589 60mm 2.5625-48 Unified Form SPL - EXT Note: The standard eye protection worn by the force is the Revision Sawfly with special-order laser protection swappable lenses (unpolarized). Q13: Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) A13: The Government does not plan to provide any GFE until after award. Q14: Request clarification regarding the December 17 update, which states: “In response to feedback received during Industry Day, the final PPON will reflect a change that each offeror will be limited to submitting a maximum of two proposals.” Specifically, request confirmation as to whether this limitation applies solely to proposals submitted by an offeror in the capacity of a prime contractor. A14: This limitation applies to proposals submitted by an offeror as a prime contractor – a prime can only submit 2 proposals. Participation as a subcontractor will not affect a prime’s two proposal maximum. Q15: Can the Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) slides that were presented during Industry Day be obtained by industry? A15: Please request the CUI Slides through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q16: Where can the Technical Data Packages (TDPs) be requested? A16: Please request any specific TDPs through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Update 17 December 2025 Please note: In response to feedback received during Industry Day, the final PPON will reflect a change that each offeror will be limited to submitting a maximum of two proposals. Questions & Answers: Q1: ISW (Intra Solder Wireless) ICD A1: Once a third party ISW NDA is completed and submitted, the ISW ICD can be sent to your organization. Please request the ISW ICD NDA through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q2: APG - Laser protection. Laser hazards protection on the battlefield. Magnified optics. Eye protections. Document is unclassified and has a list of vendor specs that can provide guidance. A2: Drawing 13101393 “LFU optical Requirements” describes the filter element. There are supported specs for filter units with objective diameters of 24, 28, 30, 32, 44, 56, and 60mm, with various thread sizes. If your organization is interested, please request Drawing 13101393 through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Below vendors are known approved sources: LFU Vendors Applied Optics Center A Division of Optex Systems, Inc 9872 Chartwell Dr Dallas, TX 75243 Optical Coating Laboratory, LLC A Division of Viavi Solutions 2789 Northpoint Parkway Santa Rosa, CA 95407 Note: The standard eye protection worn by the force is the Revision Sawfly with special-order laser protection swappable lenses (unpolarized). Q3: How will the brightness in the viewer be measured? What are the requirements for brightness in the view finder/display? A3: The current plan to measure display brightness is by using a spectroradiometer or similar equipment configured with a photopic filter and 3mm entrance pupil placed at the center of the exit pupil of the unit under test. The instrument will be aligned to the display field such that no passive reticle features occlude the sampling region. The measurements will be taken at the lowest and highest brightness settings. Visibility should allow for 1.25 photopic contrast ratio over a 17,000 cd/m^2 background for daylight operations. The lowest display luminance should be 0.04 cd/m^2 for night vision compatibility. Q4: What is the distance you want to see at low light (moonless night)? A4: The expected low light distance is 600m. Q5: Mission Profile for testing. A5: The draft PGS Operational Mode Summary/Mission Profile (OMS/MP) will be included as an attachment with the final PPON. Note the document is CUI and the proper paperwork will need to be completed to receive it. Please request the draft OMS/MP through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q6: Latest requirements list for PGS A6: The latest version of the PGS Threshold Requirements and PGS Characteristic will be included as attachments (Attachments 1 and 2) with the final PPON. Note the documents are CUI and the proper paperwork will need to be completed to receive it. Please request the documents through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q7: If available, standards and levels of the verification that will be done on the PGS (what MIL standards and levels including all environmental testing etc.) A7: The PGS Prototype Test Outline will be included as an attachment (Attachment 9) with the final PPON. Detailed test plans will be available at the time of contract award for the selected vendors. Update 17 November 2025 The Precision Grenadier System Industry Day has been rescheduled to 2-3 December. All previous details regarding the event remain unchanged. Please confirm your RSVP with the points of contact listed below (renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil and lee.n.luu.civ@army.mil). Update 15 October 2025 Goverment employees are on furlough as a result of the lapse in federal funding. Thus we are unable to conduct the Precision Grenadier System Industry Day planned for 21-22 October. Additional details will be provided once they are finalized. Update 12 September 2025 For your review, the DRAFT Prototype Project Opportunity Notice (PPON) and attachments have been posted and uploaded below. An updated NDA has been attached – dated 04SEP2025. Prior submissions do not need to re-submit this form. The welcome packet and Industry day announcement will be posted soon. POC Information has been updated in the description as follows: The Special Notice Point of Contact (POC) is Renee Papadopoulos, US Army Contracting Command, NJ (ACC-NJ), at renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil and Lee Luu, ACC-NJ, at lee.n.luu.civ@army.mil. Please provide all correspondence to both POCs. Questions & Answers: Q1: Explain the meaning of the below sentence from NDA Section 3. “Any improvements made by Recipient to said DATA and inventions embodied therein shall become the exclusive property of the U.S. Government.” A1: If a potential offeror makes any improvements to the TDP that they receive from the US Government pursuant to PGS Industry Day activities, any such improvements that the offeror may make to said TDP will be owned by the US Government. Q2: We would like to know if we should expect to receive any U.S. Government data via SAFE in advance. This seems to be indicated by the second sentence of the revised Sam.gov description and the new Industry Day Agenda, which references numbered proposal factors and specific technical discussion areas. A2: The Government hopes to send out additional information prior to industry day. Instructions will be posted to SAM.gov. Unclassified information will be posted to SAM.gov, CUI information will be sent via DoD SAFE (https://safe.apps.mil/). ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ This notice serves as a notification for the event. All dates presented in this notice are estimates and are subject to change. US Government (USG) data will be shared via SAFE only if a company has met the necessary requirements to receive the data. Precision Grenadier System (PGS): The USG intends to conduct PGS Industry Day on TBD, to provide Program Overview, review draft Prototype Project Opportunity Notice, and share USG information. The updated draft agenda is attached. All visitors will be required to fill in and submit the required forms identified below tentatively on or before October 13, 2025. There will be no walk-ins or unregistered visitors allowed. There will be no one-on-one sessions during this event. The PGS is envisioned to be a Soldier portable, shoulder fired, semi-automatic, magazine-fed, integrated armament system (weapon, fire control, and ammunition) that enables rapid, precision engagements, while not impacting Soldier mobility. The PGS is anticipated to be deployed as a Soldier’s primary weapon system, providing organic, close-quarters combat, counter-defilade, and C-UAS capabilities through a family of ammunition to ranges in concert with the rest of the squad’s battlespace, and requiring minimal resupplies to support. This capability shall provide overmatch to comparable threat grenade launchers in near-peer formations in future operating environments to include urban, jungle, woodland, subterranean, and desert, in day, night, or obscured conditions. All companies with personnel in attendance will be required to provide a DD2345 Military Critical Technical Data Agreement, AMSTA-AR 1350 Technical Data Request Questionnaire, and sign a Non-disclosure Agreement (NDA) applicable to the overall USG information prior to attending the event. Only one submission is needed per Company. All forms are attached. Companies without an approved DD2345 will not be able to receive Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI). Companies will have access to unclassified information at the Distribution Statement A level, but may be asked to leave the room during portions of the Industry Day briefings that involve CUI. For foreign companies, non-US citizens, and/or US citizens representing foreign companies, please provide your name, country of citizenship, and company to the POC below and further registration directions will be provided. Notes: (a) The USG does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this Special Notice or to otherwise pay for the information solicited except as an allowable cost under other contracts as provided in subsection 31.205-18, bid and proposal costs, of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (b) Although "proposal", "offeror", “respondent”, “Contractor” or “Industry” may be used in this Special Notice, your response will be treated as information only. It shall not be used as a proposal. (c) This Special Notice is issued for the purpose of informing Industry regarding future contracting plans and soliciting feedback. (d) No award is intended as a result of this Special Notice nor does the USG intend to pay for information received. Any response to this notice is not an offer and cannot be accepted by the USG to form a binding contract. (e) There are no vendor costs to participate in this event. A lack of participation in the PGS Industry Day does not preclude participation in any future solicitations, if any are issued. (f) The USG will not be responsible for any expenses incurred by a vendor’s decision to participate in the PGS Industry Day. (g) Vendors will not be notified of the result of these Industry Day. The Special Notice Point of Contact (POC) is Renee Papadopoulos, US Army Contracting Command, NJ (ACC-NJ), at renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil and Lee Luu, ACC-NJ, at lee.n.luu.civ@army.mil. Please provide all correspondence to both POCs.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Lee Luu
  - Email: lee.n.luu.civ@mail.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Renee Papadopoulos
  - Email: renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Section 2.A. and Attachment 8, Section 2.A.]. To complete solely a Type 2D TDP with no Type 3D Model Based Definition (MBD) requires a significant resource effort from industry to fully detail every feature in 2D regardless of its assessed importance to function and safety. Given the developmental nature of this program, would the USG alternatively allow delivery of a Type 3D TDP [reference Attachment 5, Section 2.B. and Attachment 8, Section 2.B.] with “2D drawings derived from 3D native models” and also allow the use of global profile tolerancing for non-critical features per MIL-STD-31000C §5.3.2.1. These allowances would optimize engineering resource usage (i.e. less time drafting non-critical features on a 2D drawing) and still yield a fully defined TDP deliverable. A34. The government intent of requesting Technical Data Packages is to document the prototype hardware/software configuration delivered for government testing. To that end, the government will accept either 2D or 3D formats. The 2D or 3Di PDF should provide a universally viewable format that can be opened without CAD software. For hardware, the PDFs shall define, at minimum, functional features, performance requirements, and/or physical properties, required for Configuration Management control and design analysis. All other features may reside in 3D/CAD format. The PPON statement of work, attachment 5, and attachment 8 will be updated to reflect the above. Q35. §2.2.1.3.2. of the draft PPON lists 7 different types of test and training ammunitions (i.e. HPT, DDI, loaded case primed with slug, etc.). Some or all of these configurations are needed for each of the four round types to fully complete the test matrix in Attachment 9. Please define the required quantities for each type of test configuration listed in §2.2.1.3.2., for each type of round, by relation to which test or portion of test defined in Attachment 9 that they will be consumed in? A35. The required quantities for 5 different types of rounds (High Pressure Test (HPT), Drill Dummy Inert, Arena Test, Rounds, Special fuze/cartridge configurations, and primed cases) listed in paragraph 2.2.1.3.2 are identified in the updated Attachment 3 Delivery schedule. Note these are the quantities required to support government testing only. The Primed Cases round quantities have been added to the proper subtests in the updated attachment 9 Prototype Test Outline. The other rounds will be utilized for pre-shipment weapon testing (HPT), government User Evaluation Testing (DDI), government Fuze Board Testing (Arena and special Fuze/Catridge configurations). Note the updated PPON removes the Loaded Case, Primed, with Slug and the Aeroballistics representative inert projectile ammunitions. Update 12 February 2026 Questions & Answers: Q17. Is the effort still on schedule for the release that"s posted for the quarter 2 of this fiscal year, February- April timeframe? A17. Correct, at this time the Government has not changed the timeframe. Q18. Regarding field quantities, has that been touched on yet or identified what the anticipated quantities are for the program? A18. The final quantities are yet to be approved however; anticipated quantities were identified during industry day. Q19. As was briefed during industry day, is the plan still unchanged to issue an OTA contract with up to two awards and a down select potential for the development aspect of the project? A19. Correct, nothing has changed in the program status since industry day. Q20. There"s reference to a lot of the enablers in the specifications coming off of the XM157, is the case to stay within those? A20. This is in reference to the industry presented slide deck, it was not the Government’s intent to state that is the solution or path forward. It was the Government’s intent to share lessons learned, what has been done in the past, and what is currently available. It was not intended as a guideline of what the fire control should look like. Contractors are expected to review the requirements contained within the PPON and formulate their solution to those requirements. Q21. In the draft specifications that are currently available, there was a lot of emphasis on the enablers as they"re currently outlined in XM157. Is the intent for the PEO to maintain that structure or do contractors have the liberty of adjusting them as needed for the requirements? A21. This is in reference to the industry presented slide deck, it was not the Government’s intent to state that is the solution or path forward. It was the Government’s intent to share lessons learned, what has been done in the past, and what is currently available. It was not intended as a guideline of what the fire control should look like. Contractors are expected to review the requirements contained within the PPON and formulate their solution to those requirements. Q22. Is there a significant change from the draft that was provided at industry day, what"s the final requirements or is still to be determined (TBD)? A22. The requirements have not changed significantly; however the Government did incorporate feedback and clarification that was received as a result of industry day. A review of the PPON and all of its associated attachments will provide all of the requirements for the effort. Q23. Related to the architecture and the weapons/ammunition and how it interfaces. Is it going to be dependent on whoever the contractors partner with versus the Government providing direction? A23. Correct, the Government will not provide direction in that regard. Q24. Is it the Government"s intent to go with a fully integrated system versus a modular system and then choose between the vendors selected? A24. The intent is a fully integrated system due to the trade space available across all three items. The contractor will make the final decision as to what system to present to the Government. Q25. Outside of the PGS program, are there new fire control programs that are coming down the down the line that would help industry to come up with a more flexible fire control design that would also transition over to sniper crew? Anything of that type that industry could keep in mind as they progress on the other PGS program? A25. The FWS programs may offer some technologies that can be leveraged on thermals and development efforts in DEVCOM, however our office is not able to advise if those technologies have reached a maturity level that can be leveraged for PGS. XM157 was provided as lessons learned and an example during industry day. Contractors are welcome to mirror it, copy it, or ignoring all depending on their approach. Q26. Are there DEVCOM specific programs that are available regarding fire control that can be provided to industry? A26. Our office does not know of a specific program however, DEVCOM is always looking for new technologies in regards to optics, manufacturing advancements, cost reduction, weight reduction, less power consumption. However, the maturity level is low and might not be usable at this time. Q27. There is reference to the Government ballistic solver. Is the intent that it would be currently implemented as it was in the past with regard to ICDs with the new ballistic drops and parameters or are there other changes that you expect with that solver? A27. The Government does not intend to levy the solver on the program. It is expected that this is going to be a specific round for that specific fire control for that specific system. There is no reason to have a solver that can fire other rounds, as a result that requirement will be alleviated on the PGS. That means that fire control would be responsible for creating its ballistic solution inhouse for/from the vendor and create their own software. Which allows contractors more flexibility and control with their solutions. Q28. Is the GBS requirement going to be removed? The problem with the GBS is it forces a rebuild any time GBS’ had an update which then forced a requalification of the system. A28. GBS requirements were not part of the effort presented during industry day and their not expected to be part of the follow-on effort. However, if it were to be assessed in the future it would be assed during production as an engineering change proposal (ECP). Q29. Is a counter UAS capability part of this? A29. Yes, that information was included during industry day and attachment 1 for the draft PPON. The intent is the Government will provide industry with a list of requirements and industry will provide a concept that they believe is the best solution. Q30. At industry day, the UAS wasn"t clearly defined with size, movement, speed, etc. will that information be provided? A30. The Government received feedback to that regard during industry day, as a result that information will be incorporated into the PPON and its associated attachments. Update 22 January 2026 Questions & Answers: Q8: Network Lethality / battery ICD A8: The draft PGS Operational Mode Summary/Mission Profile (OMS/MP) can be provided and will be included as an attachment with the final PPON. Battery-related requirements can be found in the OMS/MP. There is no Network Lethality requirement. Please request the draft OMS/MP through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q9: ISW ICD A9: The Octal data sheet and commercial TRU start guides can be provided (TRU is the commercial equivalent to ISW). Upon contract award, more specific Intra-Soldier Wireless interface documents can be provided pending a vetting procedure. Please request the Octal data sheet and commercial TRU start guides through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q10: XM-157 ICD A10: The M-157 ICD package requires a non-disclosure agreement to be signed by the requesting vendor. Please request the NDA and ICD package through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q11: MOSA ICD A11: Modular Open Systems Architecture (MOSA) principles for small arms fire control are part of the ICD package for the M-157. Q12: Additional LFU optical Requirements have been provided: A12: Drawing 13101393 “LFU optical Requirements” describes the filter element. There are supported specs for filter units with various objective diameters, listed in the below table. If your organization is interested, please request Drawing 13101393 through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Below vendors are known approved sources: LFU Vendors 1. Applied Optics Center A Division of Optex Systems, Inc 9872 Chartwell Dr Dallas, TX 75243 2. Optical Coating Laboratory, LLC A Division of Viavi Solutions 2789 Northpoint Parkway Santa Rosa, CA 95407 Currently supported LFU objective sizes and thread specifications: Part No. Objective Diameter Thread Specification 13104365 24mm M25.5 x 0.5 - 6g 13120868 24mm M28.5 x 0.75 - 6g 13120865 24mm M28 x 0.6 - 6g 13101345 30mm M34 x 0.75 - 6g 13102969 32mm 1.500-24 Unified Form SPL - INT 13051596 40mm 1.755-32 Unified Form SPL - EXT 13100578 44mm 1.967-48 Unified Form SPL - EXT 13058652 50mm 2.187-32 Unified Form SPL - EXT 13100581 56mm 2.425-48 Unified Form SPL - EXT 13111589 60mm 2.5625-48 Unified Form SPL - EXT Note: The standard eye protection worn by the force is the Revision Sawfly with special-order laser protection swappable lenses (unpolarized). Q13: Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) A13: The Government does not plan to provide any GFE until after award. Q14: Request clarification regarding the December 17 update, which states: “In response to feedback received during Industry Day, the final PPON will reflect a change that each offeror will be limited to submitting a maximum of two proposals.” Specifically, request confirmation as to whether this limitation applies solely to proposals submitted by an offeror in the capacity of a prime contractor. A14: This limitation applies to proposals submitted by an offeror as a prime contractor – a prime can only submit 2 proposals. Participation as a subcontractor will not affect a prime’s two proposal maximum. Q15: Can the Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) slides that were presented during Industry Day be obtained by industry? A15: Please request the CUI Slides through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q16: Where can the Technical Data Packages (TDPs) be requested? A16: Please request any specific TDPs through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Update 17 December 2025 Please note: In response to feedback received during Industry Day, the final PPON will reflect a change that each offeror will be limited to submitting a maximum of two proposals. Questions & Answers: Q1: ISW (Intra Solder Wireless) ICD A1: Once a third party ISW NDA is completed and submitted, the ISW ICD can be sent to your organization. Please request the ISW ICD NDA through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q2: APG - Laser protection. Laser hazards protection on the battlefield. Magnified optics. Eye protections. Document is unclassified and has a list of vendor specs that can provide guidance. A2: Drawing 13101393 “LFU optical Requirements” describes the filter element. There are supported specs for filter units with objective diameters of 24, 28, 30, 32, 44, 56, and 60mm, with various thread sizes. If your organization is interested, please request Drawing 13101393 through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Below vendors are known approved sources: LFU Vendors Applied Optics Center A Division of Optex Systems, Inc 9872 Chartwell Dr Dallas, TX 75243 Optical Coating Laboratory, LLC A Division of Viavi Solutions 2789 Northpoint Parkway Santa Rosa, CA 95407 Note: The standard eye protection worn by the force is the Revision Sawfly with special-order laser protection swappable lenses (unpolarized). Q3: How will the brightness in the viewer be measured? What are the requirements for brightness in the view finder/display? A3: The current plan to measure display brightness is by using a spectroradiometer or similar equipment configured with a photopic filter and 3mm entrance pupil placed at the center of the exit pupil of the unit under test. The instrument will be aligned to the display field such that no passive reticle features occlude the sampling region. The measurements will be taken at the lowest and highest brightness settings. Visibility should allow for 1.25 photopic contrast ratio over a 17,000 cd/m^2 background for daylight operations. The lowest display luminance should be 0.04 cd/m^2 for night vision compatibility. Q4: What is the distance you want to see at low light (moonless night)? A4: The expected low light distance is 600m. Q5: Mission Profile for testing. A5: The draft PGS Operational Mode Summary/Mission Profile (OMS/MP) will be included as an attachment with the final PPON. Note the document is CUI and the proper paperwork will need to be completed to receive it. Please request the draft OMS/MP through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q6: Latest requirements list for PGS A6: The latest version of the PGS Threshold Requirements and PGS Characteristic will be included as attachments (Attachments 1 and 2) with the final PPON. Note the documents are CUI and the proper paperwork will need to be completed to receive it. Please request the documents through Renee Papadopoulos, renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil. Q7: If available, standards and levels of the verification that will be done on the PGS (what MIL standards and levels including all environmental testing etc.) A7: The PGS Prototype Test Outline will be included as an attachment (Attachment 9) with the final PPON. Detailed test plans will be available at the time of contract award for the selected vendors. Update 17 November 2025 The Precision Grenadier System Industry Day has been rescheduled to 2-3 December. All previous details regarding the event remain unchanged. Please confirm your RSVP with the points of contact listed below (renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil and lee.n.luu.civ@army.mil). Update 15 October 2025 Goverment employees are on furlough as a result of the lapse in federal funding. Thus we are unable to conduct the Precision Grenadier System Industry Day planned for 21-22 October. Additional details will be provided once they are finalized. Update 12 September 2025 For your review, the DRAFT Prototype Project Opportunity Notice (PPON) and attachments have been posted and uploaded below. An updated NDA has been attached – dated 04SEP2025. Prior submissions do not need to re-submit this form. The welcome packet and Industry day announcement will be posted soon. POC Information has been updated in the description as follows: The Special Notice Point of Contact (POC) is Renee Papadopoulos, US Army Contracting Command, NJ (ACC-NJ), at renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil and Lee Luu, ACC-NJ, at lee.n.luu.civ@army.mil. Please provide all correspondence to both POCs. Questions & Answers: Q1: Explain the meaning of the below sentence from NDA Section 3. “Any improvements made by Recipient to said DATA and inventions embodied therein shall become the exclusive property of the U.S. Government.” A1: If a potential offeror makes any improvements to the TDP that they receive from the US Government pursuant to PGS Industry Day activities, any such improvements that the offeror may make to said TDP will be owned by the US Government. Q2: We would like to know if we should expect to receive any U.S. Government data via SAFE in advance. This seems to be indicated by the second sentence of the revised Sam.gov description and the new Industry Day Agenda, which references numbered proposal factors and specific technical discussion areas. A2: The Government hopes to send out additional information prior to industry day. Instructions will be posted to SAM.gov. Unclassified information will be posted to SAM.gov, CUI information will be sent via DoD SAFE (https://safe.apps.mil/). ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ This notice serves as a notification for the event. All dates presented in this notice are estimates and are subject to change. US Government (USG) data will be shared via SAFE only if a company has met the necessary requirements to receive the data. Precision Grenadier System (PGS): The USG intends to conduct PGS Industry Day on TBD, to provide Program Overview, review draft Prototype Project Opportunity Notice, and share USG information. The updated draft agenda is attached. All visitors will be required to fill in and submit the required forms identified below tentatively on or before October 13, 2025. There will be no walk-ins or unregistered visitors allowed. There will be no one-on-one sessions during this event. The PGS is envisioned to be a Soldier portable, shoulder fired, semi-automatic, magazine-fed, integrated armament system (weapon, fire control, and ammunition) that enables rapid, precision engagements, while not impacting Soldier mobility. The PGS is anticipated to be deployed as a Soldier’s primary weapon system, providing organic, close-quarters combat, counter-defilade, and C-UAS capabilities through a family of ammunition to ranges in concert with the rest of the squad’s battlespace, and requiring minimal resupplies to support. This capability shall provide overmatch to comparable threat grenade launchers in near-peer formations in future operating environments to include urban, jungle, woodland, subterranean, and desert, in day, night, or obscured conditions. All companies with personnel in attendance will be required to provide a DD2345 Military Critical Technical Data Agreement, AMSTA-AR 1350 Technical Data Request Questionnaire, and sign a Non-disclosure Agreement (NDA) applicable to the overall USG information prior to attending the event. Only one submission is needed per Company. All forms are attached. Companies without an approved DD2345 will not be able to receive Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI). Companies will have access to unclassified information at the Distribution Statement A level, but may be asked to leave the room during portions of the Industry Day briefings that involve CUI. For foreign companies, non-US citizens, and/or US citizens representing foreign companies, please provide your name, country of citizenship, and company to the POC below and further registration directions will be provided. Notes: (a) The USG does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this Special Notice or to otherwise pay for the information solicited except as an allowable cost under other contracts as provided in subsection 31.205-18, bid and proposal costs, of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (b) Although "proposal", "offeror", “respondent”, “Contractor” or “Industry” may be used in this Special Notice, your response will be treated as information only. It shall not be used as a proposal. (c) This Special Notice is issued for the purpose of informing Industry regarding future contracting plans and soliciting feedback. (d) No award is intended as a result of this Special Notice nor does the USG intend to pay for information received. Any response to this notice is not an offer and cannot be accepted by the USG to form a binding contract. (e) There are no vendor costs to participate in this event. A lack of participation in the PGS Industry Day does not preclude participation in any future solicitations, if any are issued. (f) The USG will not be responsible for any expenses incurred by a vendor’s decision to participate in the PGS Industry Day. (g) Vendors will not be notified of the result of these Industry Day. The Special Notice Point of Contact (POC) is Renee Papadopoulos, US Army Contracting Command, NJ (ACC-NJ), at renee.a.papadopoulos.civ@army.mil and Lee Luu, ACC-NJ, at lee.n.luu.civ@army.mil. Please provide all correspondence to both POCs

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c43b4d5077ba40d6bcc35fb55f7ddb93/view)