---
layout: default
title: Annual NAL Facilities Janitorial Services with 4 Option Years
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 68544ae880484e35a0f971d726a7a2ed
---

# Annual NAL Facilities Janitorial Services with 4 Option Years

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 10:25:30.343-04
- Solicitation Number: 1232SA26Q0114

## Summary

Another questions has been answered the attached document titled National Agricultural Library Conference Room Request 2024 attached. Questions: Scope of "Maintenance": Does this requirement include the mechanical repair/replacement of the physical SANOR dispensers (hardware) if they break, or is the Contractor’s responsibility limited to cleaning and cartridge replacement? Chemical Procurement: Is the Contractor responsible for purchasing and providing the proprietary SANOR chemical cartridges/refills, or does the NAL already have a separate supply contract for these chemicals? Labor Only vs. Full Service: If the Contractor is responsible for purchasing the proprietary chemicals, could the Government provide the specific SKU or model number of the cartridges currently in use to ensure all bidders are pricing the same consumable? Sourcing Equality: If firm-fixed pricing is required, can the Government provide the current vendor’s contact information or the specific SKU/model of the required SANOR cartridges to ensure all bidders are pricing the exact same consumable volume? Theses questions are answered in an updated PWS that eliminates theuse of this product due to it being no longer a manufactured US Product. Pricing Structure: Is this CLIN intended to be a "Not to Exceed" (NTE) Line Item where the Government will provide a set allowance after award, or is the Contractor expected to provide firm-fixed pricing for these proprietary consumables? Or is the government providing the chemicals and replacement? CLIN's will not be set as "not to exceed." this will be Firm-fixed priced. New documents added that should answer the questions. Description - This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 1232SA26Q0114 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) for NAL Facility Janitorial Services This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 561720 The small business size standard is $22.0 Million This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-Aside. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. Statement of Requirement Please review the Performance Work Statement for the National Agricultural Library in Beltsville Maryland that houses a collection of more than 3.5 million items, approximately 80 employees, and is visited by approximately 10,000 people each year. Technical Data - Technical data and supporting documentation associated with this solicitation are available through the following sources: Solicitation Attachments The following documents are included as attachments to this solicitation and can be accessed via the “Attachments/Links” section of the posting. Attachment 1 - Performance Work Statement Attachment 2 – QASP Attachment 3 – LPTA Evaluation Criteria Attachment 4 – Wage Rates Service Contract Labor Standards – The Service Contract Labor Standards apply to this contract. Award Type It is anticipated that a is anticipated that a firm-fixed price requirements contract consisting of one (1) one-year base period and four (4) one-year option periods shall be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. The total duration of this contract shall not exceed five (5) years. Evaluation and Basis for Award The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services is not applicable to this solicitation. In lieu of this provision, quotes will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 12.203 based on the criteria listed below. Award will be made to the offeror representing the best value to the Government. Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and United States Department of Aquiculture Acquisition Regulation (AGAR) Clauses and Provisions The clauses and provisions contained herein are applicable to any order awarded as a result of this solicitation. The terms and conditions set forth herein supersede all other terms and conditions. Acceptance of the order in accordance with (IAW) FAR 12.201-1(b)(2) constitutes acceptance of all terms and conditions contained herein. As part of the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO), system updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in this solicitation. Contracting officers will rely on representations from offers based on provisions in the solicitation. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference Feb 1998 This solicitation incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also the full text of the clause may be accessed electronically at Internet address https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT1] (Nov 2025) of 52.212-4 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT2] (Nov 2025) of 52.222-50 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (May 2024) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) 52.233-3 Protest After Award (Sep 2025) 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Sep 2025) 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025) The following clauses are applicable if checked: ? 52.203-6[CGT3] Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (Jun 2020) with Alternate I (Nov 2021) of 52.203-6 ? 52.203-13[CGT4] Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) ? 52.204-9[CGT5] Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Jan 2011 ? 52.204-13[CGT6] System for Award Management—Maintenance (Nov 2025) ? 52.204-91[CGT7] Contractor identification (Nov 2025) ? 52.209-6[CGT8] Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment (Sep 2025) ? 52.209-9[CGT9] Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (Sep 2025) ? 52.209-10[CGT10] Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Sep 2025) ? 52.219-4[CGT11] Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (Nov 2025) ? 52.219-6[CGT12] Notice of Total Small Business Aside (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT13] (Mar 2020). ? 52.219-8[CGT14] Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Nov 2025) ? 52.219-9[CGT15] Small Business Subcontracting Plan (Nov 2025) ? Alternate III[CGT16] (Nov 2025) of 52.219-9. ? Alternate IV[CGT17] (Nov 2025) of 52.219-9 ? 52.219-14[CGT18] Limitations on Subcontracting (Nov 2025) ? 52.219-16[CGT19] Liquidated Damages—Subcontracting Plan(Nov 2025) ? 52.219-33[CGT20] Nonmanufacturer Rule (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-3[CGT21] Convict Labor (June 2003) ? 52.222-19[CGT22] Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-35[CGT23] Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT24] (Jul 2014) of 52.222-35 ? 52.222-36[CGT25] Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT26] (Jul 2014) of 52.222-36 ? 52.222-37[CGT27] Employment Reports on Veterans (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-40 [CGT28] Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (Dec 2010) ? 52.222-54[CGT29] Employment Eligibility Verification (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-62[CGT30] Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2022) ? 52.223-9[CGT31] Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items (May 2008) ? Alternate I [CGT32] (May 2008) of 52.223-9 ? 52.223-11[CGT33] Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons (Nov 2025) ? 52.223-12[CGT34] Maintenance, Service, Repair, or Disposal of Refrigeration Equipment and Air Conditioners (Nov 2025) ? 52.223-23[CGT35] Sustainable Products and Services ? 52.224-3[CGT36] Privacy Training (Jan 2017) ? Alternate I[CGT37] (Jan 2017) of 52.224-3 ? 52.225-1[CGT38] Buy American-Supplies (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I [CGT39] (Oct 2022) of 52.225-1 ? 52.225-3[CGT40] Buy American--Free Trade Agreements--Israeli Trade Act (Nov 2025) ? Alternate II[CGT41] (Nov 2025) of 52.225-3. ? Alternate III [CGT42] (Nov 2025) of 52.225-3. ? Alternate IV[CGT43] (Oct 2022) of 52.225-3 ? 52.225-5[CGT44] Trade Agreements (Nov 2023) ? 52.225-19[CGT45] Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States (May 2020) ? 52.225-26[CGT46] Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States (Oct 2016) ? 52.226-4[CGT47] Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside (Nov 2007) ? 52.226-5[CGT48] Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area (Aug 2025) ? 52.229-12[CGT49] Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements ? 52.232-29[CGT50] Terms for Financing of Purchases of Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) ? 52.232-30[CGT51] Installment Payments for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) ? 52.232-33[CGT52] Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer— System for Award Management (Oct 2018) ? 52.232-34[CGT53] Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—Other Than System for Award Management (Jul 2013) ? 52.232-36[CGT54] Payment by Third Party (Nov 2025) ? 52.240-92[CGT55] Security Requirements (Nov 2025) ? 52.240-93[CGT56] Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems (No 2025) ? 52.247-64[CGT57] Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT58] (Apr 2023) of 52.247-64. ? Alternate II[CGT59] (Nov 2021) of 52.247-64 The Contractor shall comply with the following FAR Clauses for Commercial Services. ? 52.222-41[CGT60] Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) ? 52.222-42[CGT61] Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014) This Statement is for Information Only: It is not a Wage Determination Employee Class Monetary Wage -- Fringe Benefits Janitor $17.84 Housekeeping Aide $17.84 ? 52.222-43[CGT62] Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards -- Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (Aug 2018) ? 52.222-44[CGT63] Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards -- Price Adjustment (May 2014) ? 52.222-51[CGT64] Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) ? 52.222-53[CGT65] Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (Nov 2025) Other Applicable Clauses 52.217-8[CGT66] Option to Extend Services (Nov 1999) 30 calendar days prior to contract expiration 52.217-9[CGT67] Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (Mar 2000) (a) 30 Calendar days prior to contract expiration and 60 days (c) five years and 6 months. 52.245-1[CGT68] Government Property (Sep 2021) ? Alternate I[CGT69] (Sep 2021) of 52.245-1 52.245-9[CGT70] Use and Charges AGAR Clauses 452.203-71 Anti-Discrimination and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Compliance (Dec 2025) (a) By entering into this contract, the Contractor certifies that: It is compliant with all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws and the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution, and it will remain compliant for the duration of the contract. Neither it nor any subcontractor or teaming partner operates or funds any program, policy, or initiative that promotes DEI in a manner that violates any applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws, including but not limited to Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, or the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution, and the Contractor and any subcontractor or teaming partner will not do so for the duration of the contract. (b) If the Contractor participates in, facilitates, or funds programs that implicate Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, as amended, including but not limited to grants to or for schools, colleges, universities, 4-H programs, non-governmental organization (NGO) programs, sports programs, and education-related grants to prisons or other detention facilities, the Contractor certifies that it will remain compliant with those laws, including the requirements set forth in Executive Order 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government, and Executive Order 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity. (c) The Contractor affirms that the above requirements are conditions of payment that go to the essence of the contract and are therefore material terms of the contract. Payments under the contract are predicated on compliance with the above requirements, and therefore the Contractor is not eligible for funding under the contract or to retain any funding under the contract absent compliance with the above requirements. (d) This certification reflects a change in the Government’s position regarding the materiality of the foregoing requirements and therefore any prior payment of similar claims does not reflect the materiality of the foregoing requirements to this contract. (e) Submission of a knowing false statement relating to Contractor’s compliance with the above requirements and/or eligibility for the contract may subject the Contractor to liability under the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. § 3729, and/or criminal liability, including under 18 U.S.C. §§ 287 and 1001. (f) The Contractor must include the provisions of this clause in all subcontract solicitations. (g) Failure on the part of the Contractor or its subcontractors to comply with the terms of this clause may be grounds for the Contracting Officer to terminate this contract for default. (End of Clause) 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference Feb 1998 This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025) FAR 52.212-1 is amended as follows: Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 90 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. Questions Questions shall be submitted via email to lynn.hults@usda.gov and are due no later than February 24, 2026 at 3:00 PM Central Time. This will ensure enough time to respond before the solicitation period ends. Please include the solicitation name and number as the subject line of the email. Site Visit A site visit has been scheduled for Thursday February 12, 2026, at 10:00 AM Eastern Time. Please send the name of the personnel requesting to attend with the company which they represent to lynn.hults@usda.gov by Monday February 11, 2026, by 3:00 PM Central Time. 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications (Nov 2025) The following provisions are applicable if checked: ? 52.203-11[CGT71] Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions (Sep 2024) ? 52.204-7[CGT72] System for Award Management—Registration (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT73] (Nov 2025) to 52.204-7 ? 52.207-6[CGT74] Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) (Aug 2024) ? 52.209-12[CGT75] Certification Regarding Tax Matters (Oct 2025) ? 52.219-2[CGT76] Equal Low Bids (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-18[CGT77] Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products (Feb 2021) ? 52.222-48[CGT78] Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment–Certification (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-52[CGT79] Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-56[CGT80] Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan (Oct 2020) ? 52.223-4[CGT81] Recovered Material Certification (May 2008) ? 52.225-2[CGT82] Buy American Certificate (Oct 2022) ? 52.225-4[CGT83] Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate (Nov 2025) ? 52.225-6[CGT84] Trade Agreements-Certificate (Feb 2021) ? 52.226-3[CGT85] Disaster or Emergency Area Representation (Nov 2007) ? 52.229-11[CGT86] Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements—Notice and Representation (Jul 2025) Other Applicable FAR Provisions 52.209-5 Certification Regarding Responsibility Matter (Aug 2020) 52.209-7 Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (Oct 2018) 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tas Liability or Felony Conviction under any Federal Law (Feb 2016) 52.217-5[CGT87] Evaluation of Options (Nov 2025) 52.233-2[CGT88] Service of Protest (Sep 2025) 52.237-1[CGT89] Site Visits (Apr 1984) AGAR Provisions 452.203-70 Anti-Discrimination and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Certification (Dec 2025) (a) By submission of its offer, the offeror certifies that: It is compliant with all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws and the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution. Neither it nor any proposed subcontractor or teaming partner operates or funds any program, policy, or initiative that promotes DEI in a manner that violates any applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws, including but not limited to Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, or the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution. (b) If the offeror participates in, facilitates, or funds programs that implicate Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, as amended, including but not limited to grants to or for schools, colleges, universities, 4-H programs, non-governmental organization (NGO) programs, sports programs, and education-related grants to prisons or other detention facilities, by submission of its offer, the offeror certifies that it is compliant with those laws, including the requirements set forth in Executive Order 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government, and Executive Order 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity. (c) The offeror affirms that the above requirements are conditions of payment that go to the essence of the contract and are therefore material terms of the contract. Payments under the contract are predicated on compliance with the above requirements, and therefore the offeror will not be eligible for funding under the contract or to retain any funding under the contract absent compliance with the above requirements. (d) This certification reflects a change in the Government’s position regarding the materiality of the foregoing requirements and therefore any prior payment of similar claims does not reflect the materiality of the foregoing requirements to this contract. (e) Submission of a knowing false statement relating to offeror’s compliance with the above requirements and/or eligibility for the contract may subject the offeror to liability under the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. § 3729, and/or criminal liability, including under 18 U.S.C. §§ 287 and 1001. (f) Failure on the part of the offeror or its subcontractors to comply with the terms of this clause may be grounds for the Contracting Officer to terminate the contract for default. (End of Provision) NOTICE FOR FILING AGENCY PROTESTS United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Ombudsman Program The USDA is committed to issuing solicitations and awarding contracts in a fair and prompt manner. The Ombudsman Program for Agency Protests (OPAP) was established to address protest issues within the agency, providing an alternative to costly and time-consuming litigation. Operating independently, OPAP offers relief comparable to that granted by the Government Accountability Office (GAO). Interested parties are encouraged to resolve concerns through USDA’s internal Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) process before pursuing external forums such as the GAO. Concerns may be addressed informally or through a formal agency protest filed with either the Contracting Officer or the Ombudsman. Informal Forum with the Ombudsman Initial Point of Contact: Interested parties who believe a specific USDA procurement is unfair or otherwise defective should first direct their concerns to the applicable Contracting Officer. Escalation: If the Contracting Officer is unable to address their concerns, interested parties are encouraged to contact the USDA Ombudsman for Agency Protests. Under this informal process, the agency is not required to suspend contract award performance. Utilization of the informal forum does not suspend any time requirement for filing a formal protest with the agency or other forums. Required Information: To ensure a timely response, interested parties should provide the following information to the Ombudsman: solicitation/contract number, contracting office, Contracting Officer, and solicitation closing date (if applicable). Formal Agency Protest with the Ombudsman Effort to Resolve: Prior to submitting a formal agency protest, protesters must first use their best efforts to resolve their concerns with the Contracting Officer through open and frank discussions. Independent Review: If the protester’s concerns remain unresolved, an Independent Review is available by the Ombudsman. The protester may file a formal agency protest with either the Contracting Officer or, alternatively, with the Ombudsman under the OPAP program. Contract awards or performance will be suspended during the protest period unless justified in writing for urgent and compelling reasons or determined in writing to be in the best interest of the Government. Resolution Timeline: The agency’s goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from the date of filing. Required Information: Protests shall include the information set forth in FAR 33.104(a)(3). Failure to submit the required information may result in a delay or dismissal of the protest. Timeliness: Protests must be filed within the timeframes specified in FAR 33.104. Submission: Formal protests under the OPAP program should be submitted electronically to SPE.inquiry@usda.gov and the Contracting Officer. Election of Forum. By initiating a protest with the USDA, the protester agrees not to pursue the same matter with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or any other external forum while the agency protest is pending. If a protest is filed externally, the agency protest will be dismissed. [CGT1]When expecting to award a time-and-materials or labor-hour contract or when expecting that orders will include time-and-material line items. [CGT2]When the contract will be performed outside the United States and the contracting officer has been notified of specific U.S. directives or notices regarding combating trafficking in persons (such as general orders or military listings of “off-limits” local establishments) that apply to contractor employees at the contract place of performance. [CGT3]Solicitations and contracts exceeding the simplified acquisition threshold. For the acquisition of commercial products or commercial services, the contracting officer must use the clause with its Alternate I. [CGT4]Solicitations and contracts if the value of the contract is expected to exceed $7.5 million and the performance period is 120 days or more. [CGT5]Solicitations and contracts when contract performance require contractors to have routine physical access to a Federally-controlled facility and/or routine access to a Federally-controlled information system. [CGT6]When offerors are required to be registered in SAM. [CGT7]When offerors are not required to be registered in SAM. [CGT8]Solicitations and contracts where the contract value exceeds $45,000. [CGT9](1) In solicitations where the resultant contract value is expected to exceed $750,000; and (2) In contracts in which the offeror checked “has” in paragraph (b) of the provision at 52.209-7. [CGT10]Each solicitation and contract for the acquisition of products or services (including construction). [CGT11]Solicitations for acquisitions conducted using full and open competition. [CGT12]Solicitations involving total small business set-asides. [CGT13]When including FPI in the competition in accordance with 19.104-1(d). [CGT14]Solicitations and contracts when the contract amount is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold unless— (i) A personal services contract is considered (see 37.104); or (ii) The contract, together with all of its subcontracts, will be performed entirely outside of the United States and its outlying areas. [CGT15]Solicitations and contracts that offer subcontracting possibilities are expected to exceed $900,000 ($2 million for construction of any public facility), and are required to include the clause at 52.219-8, unless the acquisition is set aside or is to be accomplished under the 8(a) program. [CGT16]The contract action will not be reported in the Federal Procurement Data System pursuant to part 4. [CGT17]The contracting officer must require the contractor to submit a subcontracting plan for the contract if— (i) A contract modification causes the value of a contract without a subcontracting plan to exceed the subcontracting plan threshold (see 19.109(a)); and (ii) The contracting officer determines that subcontracting opportunities exist. [CGT18]Solicitations and contracts— (1) For supplies, services, and construction, if any portion of the requirement is to be set aside for small business and the contract amount is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold, and in any solicitations and contracts that are set aside or awarded on a sole-source basis in accordance with sections 19.105, 19.106, 19.107, and 19.108, regardless of dollar value. This includes multiple-award contracts when orders may be set aside for small business concerns, as described in subpart 8.4 and subpart 16.5. For contracts that are set aside, the contracting officer must indicate in paragraph (f) of the clause whether compliance with the limitations on subcontracting is required at the contract or order level; (2) Using the HUBZone price evaluation preference (see 19.110). However, if the prospective contractor waived the use of the preference, or is an other than small business, do not insert the clause in the resultant contract. [CGT19]In contracts containing the clause at 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with its Alternate IV. [CGT20]Solicitations and contracts, including multiple-award contracts, when orders may be set aside for small business concerns as described in subpart 8.4 and subpart 16.5, when— (i) the item being acquired has been assigned a manufacturing or supply NAICS code, and— (ii) (A) Any portion of the requirement is to be— (1) Set aside for small business and is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold; or (2) Set aside or awarded on a sole-source basis in accordance with sections 19.105, 19.106, 19.107, and 19.108, regardless of dollar value; or (B) Using the HUBZone price evaluation preference (see 19.110). However, if the prospective contractor waived the use of the price evaluation preference, or is an other than small business, do not insert the clause in the resultant contract. [CGT21]In solicitations and contracts above the micro-purchase threshold, when the contract will be performed in the United States, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, or the U.S. Virgin Islands; unless— (a) The contract will be subject to 41 U.S.C. chapter 65 (see subpart 22.6 and 22.602), which contains a separate prohibition against the employment of convict labor; (b) The supplies or services are to be purchased from Federal Prison Industries, Inc. (see subpart 8.6); or (c) The acquisition involves the purchase, from any State prison, of finished supplies that may be secured in the open market or from existing stocks, as distinguished from supplies requiring special fabrication. [CGT22]In all solicitations and contracts for the acquisition of supplies that are expected to exceed the micro-purchase threshold. [CGT23]Solicitations and contracts if the expected value is $150,000 or more, except when— (i) Work is performed outside the United States by employees recruited outside the United States; or (ii) The Director, Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs of the U.S. Department of Labor, has waived, in accordance with 22.1302-3(a) or the head of the agency has waived, in accordance with 22.1302-3(b), all of the terms of the clause. [CGT24]If the Director, Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs of the U.S. Department of Labor, or the head of the agency waives one or more (but not all) of the terms of the clause, use the basic clause with its Alternate I. [CGT25]Solicitations and contracts that exceed or are expected to exceed $15,000, except when— (i) Both the performance of the work and the recruitment of workers will occur outside the United States, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Wake Island; or (ii) The Director of OFCCP or agency head has waived, in accordance with 22.1401-3(a) or (b) all the terms of the clause. [CGT26]If the Director of OFCCP or agency head waives one or more (but not all) of the terms of the clause in accordance with 22.1401-3(a) or (b), use the basic clause with its Alternate I. [CGT27]Solicitations and contracts containing the clause at 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans. [CGT28]All solicitations and contracts, including acquisitions for commercial products, commercial services, and commercially available off-the-shelf items, except acquisitions— (1) Under the simplified acquisition threshold. For indefinite-quantity contracts, include the clause only if the value of orders in any calendar year of the contract is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold; (2) For work performed exclusively outside the United States; or (3) Covered (in their entirety) by an exemption granted by the Secretary. [CGT29]All solicitations and contracts that exceed $150,000, except those that— (a) Are only for work that will be performed outside the United States; (b) Are for a period of performance of less than 120 days; or (c) Are only for— (1) Commercially available off-the-shelf items; (2) Items that would be COTS items, but for minor modifications (as define...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: lynn Hults
  - Email: lynn.hults@usda.gov
  - Phone: 9124649723

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Performance Work Statement Attachment 2 – QASP Attachment 3 – LPTA Evaluation Criteria Attachment 4 – Wage Rates Service Contract Labor Standards – The Service Contract Labor Standards apply to this contract. Award Type It is anticipated that a is anticipated that a firm-fixed price requirements contract consisting of one (1) one-year base period and four (4) one-year option periods shall be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. The total duration of this contract shall not exceed five (5) years. Evaluation and Basis for Award The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services is not applicable to this solicitation. In lieu of this provision, quotes will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 12.203 based on the criteria listed below. Award will be made to the offeror representing the best value to the Government. Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and United States Department of Aquiculture Acquisition Regulation (AGAR) Clauses and Provisions The clauses and provisions contained herein are applicable to any order awarded as a result of this solicitation. The terms and conditions set forth herein supersede all other terms and conditions. Acceptance of the order in accordance with (IAW) FAR 12.201-1(b)(2) constitutes acceptance of all terms and conditions contained herein. As part of the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO), system updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in this solicitation. Contracting officers will rely on representations from offers based on provisions in the solicitation. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference Feb 1998 This solicitation incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also the full text of the clause may be accessed electronically at Internet address https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT1] (Nov 2025) of 52.212-4 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT2] (Nov 2025) of 52.222-50 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (May 2024) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) 52.233-3 Protest After Award (Sep 2025) 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Sep 2025) 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025) The following clauses are applicable if checked: ? 52.203-6[CGT3] Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (Jun 2020) with Alternate I (Nov 2021) of 52.203-6 ? 52.203-13[CGT4] Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) ? 52.204-9[CGT5] Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Jan 2011 ? 52.204-13[CGT6] System for Award Management—Maintenance (Nov 2025) ? 52.204-91[CGT7] Contractor identification (Nov 2025) ? 52.209-6[CGT8] Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment (Sep 2025) ? 52.209-9[CGT9] Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (Sep 2025) ? 52.209-10[CGT10] Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Sep 2025) ? 52.219-4[CGT11] Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (Nov 2025) ? 52.219-6[CGT12] Notice of Total Small Business Aside (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT13] (Mar 2020). ? 52.219-8[CGT14] Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Nov 2025) ? 52.219-9[CGT15] Small Business Subcontracting Plan (Nov 2025) ? Alternate III[CGT16] (Nov 2025) of 52.219-9. ? Alternate IV[CGT17] (Nov 2025) of 52.219-9 ? 52.219-14[CGT18] Limitations on Subcontracting (Nov 2025) ? 52.219-16[CGT19] Liquidated Damages—Subcontracting Plan(Nov 2025) ? 52.219-33[CGT20] Nonmanufacturer Rule (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-3[CGT21] Convict Labor (June 2003) ? 52.222-19[CGT22] Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-35[CGT23] Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT24] (Jul 2014) of 52.222-35 ? 52.222-36[CGT25] Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT26] (Jul 2014) of 52.222-36 ? 52.222-37[CGT27] Employment Reports on Veterans (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-40 [CGT28] Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (Dec 2010) ? 52.222-54[CGT29] Employment Eligibility Verification (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-62[CGT30] Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2022) ? 52.223-9[CGT31] Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items (May 2008) ? Alternate I [CGT32] (May 2008) of 52.223-9 ? 52.223-11[CGT33] Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons (Nov 2025) ? 52.223-12[CGT34] Maintenance, Service, Repair, or Disposal of Refrigeration Equipment and Air Conditioners (Nov 2025) ? 52.223-23[CGT35] Sustainable Products and Services ? 52.224-3[CGT36] Privacy Training (Jan 2017) ? Alternate I[CGT37] (Jan 2017) of 52.224-3 ? 52.225-1[CGT38] Buy American-Supplies (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I [CGT39] (Oct 2022) of 52.225-1 ? 52.225-3[CGT40] Buy American--Free Trade Agreements--Israeli Trade Act (Nov 2025) ? Alternate II[CGT41] (Nov 2025) of 52.225-3. ? Alternate III [CGT42] (Nov 2025) of 52.225-3. ? Alternate IV[CGT43] (Oct 2022) of 52.225-3 ? 52.225-5[CGT44] Trade Agreements (Nov 2023) ? 52.225-19[CGT45] Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States (May 2020) ? 52.225-26[CGT46] Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States (Oct 2016) ? 52.226-4[CGT47] Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside (Nov 2007) ? 52.226-5[CGT48] Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area (Aug 2025) ? 52.229-12[CGT49] Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements ? 52.232-29[CGT50] Terms for Financing of Purchases of Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) ? 52.232-30[CGT51] Installment Payments for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) ? 52.232-33[CGT52] Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer— System for Award Management (Oct 2018) ? 52.232-34[CGT53] Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—Other Than System for Award Management (Jul 2013) ? 52.232-36[CGT54] Payment by Third Party (Nov 2025) ? 52.240-92[CGT55] Security Requirements (Nov 2025) ? 52.240-93[CGT56] Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems (No 2025) ? 52.247-64[CGT57] Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT58] (Apr 2023) of 52.247-64. ? Alternate II[CGT59] (Nov 2021) of 52.247-64 The Contractor shall comply with the following FAR Clauses for Commercial Services. ? 52.222-41[CGT60] Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) ? 52.222-42[CGT61] Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014) This Statement is for Information Only: It is not a Wage Determination Employee Class Monetary Wage -- Fringe Benefits Janitor $17.84 Housekeeping Aide $17.84 ? 52.222-43[CGT62] Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards -- Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (Aug 2018) ? 52.222-44[CGT63] Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards -- Price Adjustment (May 2014) ? 52.222-51[CGT64] Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) ? 52.222-53[CGT65] Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (Nov 2025) Other Applicable Clauses 52.217-8[CGT66] Option to Extend Services (Nov 1999) 30 calendar days prior to contract expiration 52.217-9[CGT67] Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (Mar 2000) (a) 30 Calendar days prior to contract expiration and 60 days (c) five years and 6 months. 52.245-1[CGT68] Government Property (Sep 2021) ? Alternate I[CGT69] (Sep 2021) of 52.245-1 52.245-9[CGT70] Use and Charges AGAR Clauses 452.203-71 Anti-Discrimination and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Compliance (Dec 2025) (a) By entering into this contract, the Contractor certifies that: It is compliant with all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws and the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution, and it will remain compliant for the duration of the contract. Neither it nor any subcontractor or teaming partner operates or funds any program, policy, or initiative that promotes DEI in a manner that violates any applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws, including but not limited to Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, or the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution, and the Contractor and any subcontractor or teaming partner will not do so for the duration of the contract. (b) If the Contractor participates in, facilitates, or funds programs that implicate Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, as amended, including but not limited to grants to or for schools, colleges, universities, 4-H programs, non-governmental organization (NGO) programs, sports programs, and education-related grants to prisons or other detention facilities, the Contractor certifies that it will remain compliant with those laws, including the requirements set forth in Executive Order 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government, and Executive Order 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity. (c) The Contractor affirms that the above requirements are conditions of payment that go to the essence of the contract and are therefore material terms of the contract. Payments under the contract are predicated on compliance with the above requirements, and therefore the Contractor is not eligible for funding under the contract or to retain any funding under the contract absent compliance with the above requirements. (d) This certification reflects a change in the Government’s position regarding the materiality of the foregoing requirements and therefore any prior payment of similar claims does not reflect the materiality of the foregoing requirements to this contract. (e) Submission of a knowing false statement relating to Contractor’s compliance with the above requirements and/or eligibility for the contract may subject the Contractor to liability under the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. § 3729, and/or criminal liability, including under 18 U.S.C. §§ 287 and 1001. (f) The Contractor must include the provisions of this clause in all subcontract solicitations. (g) Failure on the part of the Contractor or its subcontractors to comply with the terms of this clause may be grounds for the Contracting Officer to terminate this contract for default. (End of Clause) 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference Feb 1998 This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025) FAR 52.212-1 is amended as follows: Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 90 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. Questions Questions shall be submitted via email to lynn.hults@usda.gov and are due no later than February 24, 2026 at 3:00 PM Central Time. This will ensure enough time to respond before the solicitation period ends. Please include the solicitation name and number as the subject line of the email. Site Visit A site visit has been scheduled for Thursday February 12, 2026, at 10:00 AM Eastern Time. Please send the name of the personnel requesting to attend with the company which they represent to lynn.hults@usda.gov by Monday February 11, 2026, by 3:00 PM Central Time. 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications (Nov 2025) The following provisions are applicable if checked: ? 52.203-11[CGT71] Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions (Sep 2024) ? 52.204-7[CGT72] System for Award Management—Registration (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I[CGT73] (Nov 2025) to 52.204-7 ? 52.207-6[CGT74] Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) (Aug 2024) ? 52.209-12[CGT75] Certification Regarding Tax Matters (Oct 2025) ? 52.219-2[CGT76] Equal Low Bids (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-18[CGT77] Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products (Feb 2021) ? 52.222-48[CGT78] Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment–Certification (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-52[CGT79] Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-56[CGT80] Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan (Oct 2020) ? 52.223-4[CGT81] Recovered Material Certification (May 2008) ? 52.225-2[CGT82] Buy American Certificate (Oct 2022) ? 52.225-4[CGT83] Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate (Nov 2025) ? 52.225-6[CGT84] Trade Agreements-Certificate (Feb 2021) ? 52.226-3[CGT85] Disaster or Emergency Area Representation (Nov 2007) ? 52.229-11[CGT86] Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements—Notice and Representation (Jul 2025) Other Applicable FAR Provisions 52.209-5 Certification Regarding Responsibility Matter (Aug 2020) 52.209-7 Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (Oct 2018) 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tas Liability or Felony Conviction under any Federal Law (Feb 2016) 52.217-5[CGT87] Evaluation of Options (Nov 2025) 52.233-2[CGT88] Service of Protest (Sep 2025) 52.237-1[CGT89] Site Visits (Apr 1984) AGAR Provisions 452.203-70 Anti-Discrimination and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Certification (Dec 2025) (a) By submission of its offer, the offeror certifies that: It is compliant with all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws and the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution. Neither it nor any proposed subcontractor or teaming partner operates or funds any program, policy, or initiative that promotes DEI in a manner that violates any applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws, including but not limited to Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, or the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution. (b) If the offeror participates in, facilitates, or funds programs that implicate Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, as amended, including but not limited to grants to or for schools, colleges, universities, 4-H programs, non-governmental organization (NGO) programs, sports programs, and education-related grants to prisons or other detention facilities, by submission of its offer, the offeror certifies that it is compliant with those laws, including the requirements set forth in Executive Order 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government, and Executive Order 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity. (c) The offeror affirms that the above requirements are conditions of payment that go to the essence of the contract and are therefore material terms of the contract. Payments under the contract are predicated on compliance with the above requirements, and therefore the offeror will not be eligible for funding under the contract or to retain any funding under the contract absent compliance with the above requirements. (d) This certification reflects a change in the Government’s position regarding the materiality of the foregoing requirements and therefore any prior payment of similar claims does not reflect the materiality of the foregoing requirements to this contract. (e) Submission of a knowing false statement relating to offeror’s compliance with the above requirements and/or eligibility for the contract may subject the offeror to liability under the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. § 3729, and/or criminal liability, including under 18 U.S.C. §§ 287 and 1001. (f) Failure on the part of the offeror or its subcontractors to comply with the terms of this clause may be grounds for the Contracting Officer to terminate the contract for default. (End of Provision) NOTICE FOR FILING AGENCY PROTESTS United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Ombudsman Program The USDA is committed to issuing solicitations and awarding contracts in a fair and prompt manner. The Ombudsman Program for Agency Protests (OPAP) was established to address protest issues within the agency, providing an alternative to costly and time-consuming litigation. Operating independently, OPAP offers relief comparable to that granted by the Government Accountability Office (GAO). Interested parties are encouraged to resolve concerns through USDA’s internal Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) process before pursuing external forums such as the GAO. Concerns may be addressed informally or through a formal agency protest filed with either the Contracting Officer or the Ombudsman. Informal Forum with the Ombudsman Initial Point of Contact: Interested parties who believe a specific USDA procurement is unfair or otherwise defective should first direct their concerns to the applicable Contracting Officer. Escalation: If the Contracting Officer is unable to address their concerns, interested parties are encouraged to contact the USDA Ombudsman for Agency Protests. Under this informal process, the agency is not required to suspend contract award performance. Utilization of the informal forum does not suspend any time requirement for filing a formal protest with the agency or other forums. Required Information: To ensure a timely response, interested parties should provide the following information to the Ombudsman: solicitation/contract number, contracting office, Contracting Officer, and solicitation closing date (if applicable). Formal Agency Protest with the Ombudsman Effort to Resolve: Prior to submitting a formal agency protest, protesters must first use their best efforts to resolve their concerns with the Contracting Officer through open and frank discussions. Independent Review: If the protester’s concerns remain unresolved, an Independent Review is available by the Ombudsman. The protester may file a formal agency protest with either the Contracting Officer or, alternatively, with the Ombudsman under the OPAP program. Contract awards or performance will be suspended during the protest period unless justified in writing for urgent and compelling reasons or determined in writing to be in the best interest of the Government. Resolution Timeline: The agency’s goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from the date of filing. Required Information: Protests shall include the information set forth in FAR 33.104(a)(3). Failure to submit the required information may result in a delay or dismissal of the protest. Timeliness: Protests must be filed within the timeframes specified in FAR 33.104. Submission: Formal protests under the OPAP program should be submitted electronically to SPE.inquiry@usda.gov and the Contracting Officer. Election of Forum. By initiating a protest with the USDA, the protester agrees not to pursue the same matter with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or any other external forum while the agency protest is pending. If a protest is filed externally, the agency protest will be dismissed. [CGT1]When expecting to award a time-and-materials or labor-hour contract or when expecting that orders will include time-and-material line items. [CGT2]When the contract will be performed outside the United States and the contracting officer has been notified of specific U.S. directives or notices regarding combating trafficking in persons (such as general orders or military listings of “off-limits” local establishments) that apply to contractor employees at the contract place of performance. [CGT3]Solicitations and contracts exceeding the simplified acquisition threshold. For the acquisition of commercial products or commercial services, the contracting officer must use the clause with its Alternate I. [CGT4]Solicitations and contracts if the value of the contract is expected to exceed $7.5 million and the performance period is 120 days or more. [CGT5]Solicitations and contracts when contract performance require contractors to have routine physical access to a Federally-controlled facility and/or routine access to a Federally-controlled information system. [CGT6]When offerors are required to be registered in SAM. [CGT7]When offerors are not required to be registered in SAM. [CGT8]Solicitations and contracts where the contract value exceeds $45,000. [CGT9](1) In solicitations where the resultant contract value is expected to exceed $750,000; and (2) In contracts in which the offeror checked “has” in paragraph (b) of the provision at 52.209-7. [CGT10]Each solicitation and contract for the acquisition of products or services (including construction). [CGT11]Solicitations for acquisitions conducted using full and open competition. [CGT12]Solicitations involving total small business set-asides. [CGT13]When including FPI in the competition in accordance with 19.104-1(d). [CGT14]Solicitations and contracts when the contract amount is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold unless— (i) A personal services contract is considered (see 37.104); or (ii) The contract, together with all of its subcontracts, will be performed entirely outside of the United States and its outlying areas. [CGT15]Solicitations and contracts that offer subcontracting possibilities are expected to exceed $900,000 ($2 million for construction of any public facility), and are required to include the clause at 52.219-8, unless the acquisition is set aside or is to be accomplished under the 8(a) program. [CGT16]The contract action will not be reported in the Federal Procurement Data System pursuant to part 4. [CGT17]The contracting officer must require the contractor to submit a subcontracting plan for the contract if— (i) A contract modification causes the value of a contract without a subcontracting plan to exceed the subcontracting plan threshold (see 19.109(a)); and (ii) The contracting officer determines that subcontracting opportunities exist. [CGT18]Solicitations and contracts— (1) For supplies, services, and construction, if any portion of the requirement is to be set aside for small business and the contract amount is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold, and in any solicitations and contracts that are set aside or awarded on a sole-source basis in accordance with sections 19.105, 19.106, 19.107, and 19.108, regardless of dollar value. This includes multiple-award contracts when orders may be set aside for small business concerns, as described in subpart 8.4 and subpart 16.5. For contracts that are set aside, the contracting officer must indicate in paragraph (f) of the clause whether compliance with the limitations on subcontracting is required at the contract or order level; (2) Using the HUBZone price evaluation preference (see 19.110). However, if the prospective contractor waived the use of the preference, or is an other than small business, do not insert the clause in the resultant contract. [CGT19]In contracts containing the clause at 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with its Alternate IV. [CGT20]Solicitations and contracts, including multiple-award contracts, when orders may be set aside for small business concerns as described in subpart 8.4 and subpart 16.5, when— (i) the item being acquired has been assigned a manufacturing or supply NAICS code, and— (ii) (A) Any portion of the requirement is to be— (1) Set aside for small business and is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold; or (2) Set aside or awarded on a sole-source basis in accordance with sections 19.105, 19.106, 19.107, and 19.108, regardless of dollar value; or (B) Using the HUBZone price evaluation preference (see 19.110). However, if the prospective contractor waived the use of the price evaluation preference, or is an other than small business, do not insert the clause in the resultant contract. [CGT21]In solicitations and contracts above the micro-purchase threshold, when the contract will be performed in the United States, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, or the U.S. Virgin Islands; unless— (a) The contract will be subject to 41 U.S.C. chapter 65 (see subpart 22.6 and 22.602), which contains a separate prohibition against the employment of convict labor; (b) The supplies or services are to be purchased from Federal Prison Industries, Inc. (see subpart 8.6); or (c) The acquisition involves the purchase, from any State prison, of finished supplies that may be secured in the open market or from existing stocks, as distinguished from supplies requiring special fabrication. [CGT22]In all solicitations and contracts for the acquisition of supplies that are expected to exceed the micro-purchase threshold. [CGT23]Solicitations and contracts if the expected value is $150,000 or more, except when— (i) Work is performed outside the United States by employees recruited outside the United States; or (ii) The Director, Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs of the U.S. Department of Labor, has waived, in accordance with 22.1302-3(a) or the head of the agency has waived, in accordance with 22.1302-3(b), all of the terms of the clause. [CGT24]If the Director, Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs of the U.S. Department of Labor, or the head of the agency waives one or more (but not all) of the terms of the clause, use the basic clause with its Alternate I. [CGT25]Solicitations and contracts that exceed or are expected to exceed $15,000, except when— (i) Both the performance of the work and the recruitment of workers will occur outside the United States, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Wake Island; or (ii) The Director of OFCCP or agency head has waived, in accordance with 22.1401-3(a) or (b) all the terms of the clause. [CGT26]If the Director of OFCCP or agency head waives one or more (but not all) of the terms of the clause in accordance with 22.1401-3(a) or (b), use the basic clause with its Alternate I. [CGT27]Solicitations and contracts containing the clause at 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans. [CGT28]All solicitations and contracts, including acquisitions for commercial products, commercial services, and commercially available off-the-shelf items, except acquisitions— (1) Under the simplified acquisition threshold. For indefinite-quantity contracts, include the clause only if the value of orders in any calendar year of the contract is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold; (2) For work performed exclusively outside the United States; or (3) Covered (in their entirety) by an exemption granted by the Secretary. [CGT29]All solicitations and contracts that exceed $150,000, except those that— (a) Are only for work that will be performed outside the United States; (b) Are for a period of performance of less than 120 days; or (c) Are only for— (1) Commercially available off-the-shelf items; (2) Items that would be COTS items, but for minor modifications (as define

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/68544ae880484e35a0f971d726a7a2ed/view)