---
layout: default
title: FAIRING,FAN,AIRCRAF
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 17c0419b8d714170b1339d7f212f9164
---

# FAIRING,FAN,AIRCRAF

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-03 07:22:59.392-04
- Solicitation Number: N0038325QT538

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N763.13|P5D|771-229-0534|alainna.m.pettit.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING COMBO||TBD|N00383|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD||||||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM (FEB 2024)|1|| ROYALTY INFORMATION (APR 1984)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND 2025-O0004))|12|336412|1500||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, ANDENERGY PROGRAM USE (APR 2008))|2||A1, A1A| EVALUATION-COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEV 2026-O0028)(FEB 2026))|3|||| The purpose of this amendment is to include the following remark: Item can only be procured only from suppliers who provide FAA-Certified parts which possess a FAA Authorized Release Certificate, FAA Form 8130-3 Airworthy Approval Tag. The FAA Authorized Release Certificate, FAA Form 8130-3 Airworthy Approval Tag should be provided with the interested party?s proposal/quote. \ The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation period to 13 APR2026. This solicitation is for the repair of a commercial item for the P8 aircraft. This solicitation will be using competitive procedures. Quotes may be emailed to the below address and must be received by 04:30PM EST on the closing date, listed in block 10 on page 1 of this solicitation: alainna.m.pettit.civ@us.navy.mil Quotes received after the closing date are considered to be late and will not be considered for award. If only one acceptable quote is received in response to this solicitation, competitive procedures will shift to sole source negotiations. This requirement can only be repaired from Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), aircraft prime, or suppliers who provide Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)-Certified parts which possess an FAA Authorized Release Certificate, FAA Form 8130-3 Airworthy Approval Tag from certified repair stations pursuant to 14 CFR Part 145. NAVSUP WSS is requesting the submittal of firm fixed unit price quotes. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. Early and incremental deliveries accepted. The Government intends to make a single award to the eligible, responsible quoter whose quote is technically acceptable and which is determined most advantageous to the Government, using the following evaluation factors: PRICE and DELIVERY. Addendum to FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items In addition to paragraph (a), "Inspection and Acceptance", add the following: 1. The contractor shall provide notification to the government of all proposed engineering changes that effect components managed under this contract. No changes shall be made without written authorization from the government for any change which will or may affect: a) Interchangeability, performance, weight, safety, reliability, service life, fit, form, function, and maintainability; or b) Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) type certification c) Require part re-identification for any reason 2. The change notification shall include at a minimum the affected parts number(s) and a required approval date in order to maintain current contractual performance requirements. The contractor shall make available to the government any commercially available change documentation such as Service Bulletins or Original Equipment Manufacturer Product Line Change Notifications. Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) definition: The contractual delivery requirement is measured from asset Return to the date of asset acceptance under the terms of the contract. For purposes of this section, Return is defined as physical receipt of the F-condition asset at the contractor's facility as reflected in the Action Date entry in the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) system. In accordance with the CAV Statement of Work, the contractor is required to accurately report all transactions by the end of the fifth regular business day after receipt and the Action Date entered in CAV must be dated to reflect the actual date of physical receipt. The Contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTATs established in the subsequent contract. Required RTAT: 90 days after receipt of asset Throughput Constraint: Contractor must provide a throughput Constraint for each NSN(s). Total assets to be repaired monthly after initial delivery commences X/month (contractor fill in #). A throughput of ##____ per month reflects no throughput constraint. Induction Expiration Date: 365 days after contract award date. Any asset received after this date in days is not authorized for repair without bi-lateral agreement between the Contractor and NAVSUP WSS Contracting Officer. Reconciliation: A reconciliation modification will be issued after final Inspection and acceptance of all assets inducted under the subsequent contract. The parties have agreed to a price (shown on the schedule page) for each unit at the negotiated RTAT. Such prices are based on the Contractor meeting the RTAT requirements described within the schedule page. If the Contractor does not meet the applicable RTAT requirement, consideration will be assessed and subject to negotiation. \

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2156972606
  - Email: ALAINNA.M.PETTIT.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/17c0419b8d714170b1339d7f212f9164/view)