---
layout: default
title: 48--DISK ASSEMBLY, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 57de7218434e4e23bcc1368c8e739f28
---

# 48--DISK ASSEMBLY, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 19:05:13.037-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010425RND94

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N744.4|AW4|EMAIL ONLY|JAMES.E.LEWIS5@NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|X||X|||||| DESIRED AND REQUIRED TIME OF DELIVERY (JUNE 1997)|29|0001|18|180 DAYS||||||||||||||||||||||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|RECEIVING REPORT AND INVOICE COMBO|NA|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| LIMITATION OF GOVERNMENT LIABILITY (APR 1984)|2|TBD|TBD| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)- BASIC (DEC 2019)|2||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (JUN 2020)|4||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (JAN 2025)|4||||| SAFEGUARDING SENSITIVE CONVENTIONAL ARMS, AMMUNITION, AND EXPLOSIVES (NOV 2023))|9|||||||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| LIMITATION OF LIABILITY--HIGH-VALUE ITEMS ($100K)(FEB 1997)|1|| LIMITATIONS ON PASS-THROUGH CHARGES (JUN 2020)|1|| LIST OF AWARD ATTACHMENTS|5|||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|||||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REPRESENTATIONS (FEB 2024)|4||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ROYALTY INFORMATION (APR 1984)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|332919|750|||||||||||| REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFIED COST OR PRICING DATA AND DATA OTHER THAN CERTIFIED COST OR PRICING DATA (NOV 2021))|7|||||||| TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984)|1|FFP| ALTERATIONS IN SOLICITATION (APR 1984)|3|||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFIED COST OR PRICING DATA AND DATA OTHER THAN CERTIFIEDCOST OR PRICING DATA (MAY 2024))|1|| The purpose of this amendment is to 1. Update the quantity as detailed herein. 2. Extend soliciation response date to 02 MAR 2026. 3. Incorporate the following Levels of Repair (LOR) Language: The Contractor shall perform repair requirements in accordance with the TDP andLevels of Repair. Level of Repair (LOR) refers to the classification of repair work required to restore a unit to meet the operational and functional requirements as represented by CAGE 99517 and reference number(s) listed in the TDP. Levels of Repair for this requirement include: Level 1 Repair Entails: If discs are in great condition from an outside diameter (OD) perspective (which is highly unlikely due to the nature of how exposed these unit are when topassembled or installed in the field), Contractor will reuse the discs/clean thediscs. In order to clean and assess/access the discs for any defects internally, Contractor will cut apart the unit SHCS thus requiring an automatic "scrap &replace" of SHCS. If the lower- & upper-disc plates are in pretty good shape, Contractor will rework to best effort to remove any nicks, dings, etc. Level 2 Repair Entails: If discs have some signs of damage on the OD & or corrosion on the discs, Contractor will scrap and replace 30% of the discs, clean the discs that are salvageable, and cut apart the unit SHCS thus requiring an automatic "scrap & replace" of SHCS If the lower- & upper-disc plates are in moderate shape, Contractor will rework to best effort, remove any nicks/dings, and/or re-machine some features suchas serrations, angles, etc. Level 3 Repair Entails: If discs have significant damage (more than 30% visible OD damage), then the crap & replace would increase to 50%+, clean the discs that are salvageable and cut apart the unit SHCS thus requiring an automatic "scrap & replace" of SHCS. If the lower- & upper-disc plates are in bad shape but salvageable, VACCO will re-machine critical features and/or scrap & replace, and evaluate to determine if the repair cost exceeds the cost of a new unit. Beyond Physical Repair (BPR): An item is BPR when the item is not capable of being repaired in accordance with the Statement of Work due to the extend of physical damage. The Contractor shall obtain written concurrence from DCMA for all units determined by the Contractor to be BPR. All such determinations, including the basisfor the determination and the DCMA written concurrence shall be provided by the Contractor to the PCO, with a copy to the Inventory Manager (IM). After receipt of the required documentation, the PCO shall provide the Contractor disposition instructions, either requesting the submission of a proposal for BPR pricing, or ordering the disposal of the item. The proposals will include incurred costs and any additional costs necessary to execute the disposition instructions. Any disposal ordered shall be performed by the Contractor in accordance with all applicable regulations and the Contractor's approved Government property disposal procedures. Beyond Economic Repair (BER): An item is BER if the cost of the repair exceeds 80% of the replacement pricefor items identified in Section B. This replacement price is for the purposes of BER determinations only, and may not be used or relied on by the offeror in the pricing of the repairs required by requirement The Contractor shall obtain written concurrence from DCMA for all units determined by the Contractor to be BER. All such determinations, including the basisfor the determination, the repair required, the Contractor's proposed BER priceto repair, and the DCMA written concurrence, shall be provided by the Contractor to the PCO, with a copy to the IM. After receipt of the required documentation, the PCO shall provide the Contractor disposition instructions, either providing contractual authority for repair of the item or ordering the disposal of the item. The Contractor is not authorized to proceed with the repair until notification is received from the PCO. If provided disposition disposal instructions, the contractor shall submit a proposal for disposal pricing to the PCO within 30 days of receipt of these instructions. The proposals will include incurred costs and any additional costs necessary toexecute the disposition instructions. Upon receipt of a unit(s), the Contractor shall perform an initial evaluation to determine the appropriate LOR required. The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer and DCMA of the recommended LOR for each unit prior to commencing repair work. The initial estimate of quantities for each LOR provided in thiscontract is for planning purposes only, and the Contracting Officer may adjust the number of items to be repaired under each LOR. 1. This requirement is pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). 2. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 3. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or set be other electronic commerce methods such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 4. If the offeror is not the Original End Manufacturer (OEM) of the material called out in the requirement, the OEM must be stated (Company Name and CAGE) and the offeror must provide a signed letter of authorization as a distributor on the OEM's letterhead. 5. If requirement will be packaged at a location different from the Offeror's address, the Offeror shall provide the Name, Street Address and CAGE of the Packaging Facility. 6. Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be DO certified for national defense under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS).Provision 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense, Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use, shall be inserted in solicitations when the contract to be awarded shall be a rated order. 7. Please provide repair price as Estimated (EST) for the full repair effort ofthe requirement. 8. Vendor shall have 90 days after receipt of carcass(es) to complete a teardown & evaluation (TD&E) of the carcass(es) and submit a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) quote for the full repair effort of the carcass(es). 9. When submitting a quote, please include the cost of new (actual or estimated) for evaluation purposes. 10. Quote shall specify any exceptions including but not limited to MIL-STD Packaging, MIL-STD Labeling, Inspection & Acceptance locations, Packaging House, surplus materials, etc. If no exceptions are indicated or received, award shall be based upon solicitation requirements. Changes or requests for changes after award shall be subject to consideration costs deducted from the unit price. 11. In repair price, include all costs associated with receipt and complete repair of material that may be in unwhole condition, missing hardware, damaged, handling damage, missing parts, wear damage, and CAV Reporting. Also provide the following information: a. Teardown & Evaluation Rate: b. Repair Turn Around Time (RTAT): c. Throughput Constraint: d. Induction Expiration Date: \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for repair and the contract quality requirements for the DISK ASSEMBLY . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |R |180524|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |N |121116|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The DISK ASSEMBLY repaired under this contract/purchase order shall meet the operational and functional requirements as represented by the Cage Code(s) and reference number(s) listed below. All repair work shall be performed in accordance with the contractors repair/overhaul standard practices, manuals and directives including but not limited to drawings, technical orders, manufacturing operations, tooling instructions, approved repair standards and any other contractor or government approved documents developed to provide technical repair procedures. CAGE___Ref. No. ;99517 S3D10044-01;

3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

3.3 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable.

3.4 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 3.5 ;THE ITEM IS A NON-AVIATION CRITICAL SAFETY ITEM (CSI) WHOSE FAILURE WILL RESULT IN SERIOUS DAMAGE TOEQUIPMENT OR SERIOUS INJURY OR DEATH TO PERSONNEL.; 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Inspection/Testing Repaired Items - The Contractor shall perform all inspection and testing requirements as specified in the original manufacturer's specifications and drawings.

4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS.

6.2 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161.

6.3 Notice To Distributors/Offerors - Consideration for award of contract shall be given only to authorized distributors of the original manufacturer's item represented in this solicitation. If you desire to be considered as a potential source for award of this contract, proof of being an authorized distributor shall be provided on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official and sent with your offer to the Procurement Contracting Officer.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Electronic Mail: BRITTANY.A.LANGLETZ.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL
  - Email: BRITTANY.A.LANGLETZ.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |R |180524|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |N |121116|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/57de7218434e4e23bcc1368c8e739f28/view)