---
layout: default
title: Y1BG--EHRM Infrastructure Upgrades Construction - Kerrville - Project 671A4-21-700
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: fa592642ec15433f99364cc2d5e07173
---

# Y1BG--EHRM Infrastructure Upgrades Construction - Kerrville - Project 671A4-21-700

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-04 10:41:53.662-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C77626Q0125
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SYNOPSIS: INTRODUCTION: In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 10.002(b)(2), this Sources Sought Notice is for market research and information purposes only at this time and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). The Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration (VHA), Program Contracting Activity Central (PCAC) is conducting a market survey and is seeking potential sources for the EHRM Infrastructure Upgrades Construction project at the Kerrville VA Medical Center (VAMC) located at 3600 Memorial Blvd, Kerrville, TX 78028. PROJECT DESCRIPTION: Contractor shall completely prepare site for building operations, including demolition and removal of existing structures, and furnish labor and materials and perform work for EHRM INFRASTRUCTURE UPGRADES as required by drawings and specifications. Project scope includes, but is not limited to, the following infrastructure upgrades: Electrical (electrical panel upgrade, power [normal, emergency]); Bonding; UPS; Building Management System interfaces; new/upgraded existing HVAC; reconfiguration, expansion, and renovation of existing space (demo, new construction, finishes, cable); space renovation for Data Center (expanded space, cable management, server rack configuration); communications infrastructure (new Data outlets, patch panels, upgrade to Cat 6A cable) in buildings as necessary; physical security upgrades; upgrade fiber infrastructure backbone campus-wide within buildings and between buildings; provide diversified path for WAN; and Hazardous Materials abatement. Project buildings include 1, 2, 11, 18, 29, 46, 96 and site. PROCUREMENT INFORMATION: The proposed project will be a competitive firm-fixed-price contract utilizing the design-bid-build approach (Final Specifications and Drawings will be provided). The anticipated solicitation will be issued as an Invitation for Bid (IFB) in accordance with FAR Part 14. The results and analysis of the market research will finalize the determination of the procurement method. The type of socio-economic set-aside, if any, will depend upon the responses to this notice and any other information gathered during the market research process. This project is planned for advertising in mid to late April 2026. In accordance with VAAR 836.204, the magnitude of construction is between $10,000,000.00 and $20,000,000.00. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 236220 with a size standard of $45 million. The duration of the project is currently estimated at 730 calendar days from the issuance of a Notice to Proceed. The services for this project will include providing all construction related services such as: providing labor, materials and equipment required to complete the project as per contract documents prepared by an independent Architect-Engineer firm. The results and analysis of the market research will determine whether to limit competition among the small business categories, proceed with full and open competition as other than small business, or use a tiered set-aside evaluation. The type of socioeconomic set-aside, if any, will depend upon the responses to this notice and any other information gathered during the market research process. All socioeconomic categories are encouraged to respond to this announcement. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Respondents shall provide a general capabilities statement to include the following information: Section 1: Provide company name, Unique Entity Identifier number associate with SAM.gov, company address, Point-of-Contact name, phone number and email. Section 2: Provide company business size based on NAICS code 236220. Also, provide business type (i.e., Large Business, Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Women-Owned Small Business, Hub Zone Small Business, etc.). Section 3: Provide a Statement of Interest in the project. Section 4: Provide the prime contractor s available bonding capacity in the form of a letter of intent from your bonding company with this submission. Section 5: Provide the type of work your company has performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement. This section is IMPORTANT as it will help to determine the type of socio-economic set-aside, if any. Please provide the following in your response: No more than three (3) contracts that your company has performed within the last seven (7) years that are of comparable size, complexity, and scope to this requirement. It would be greatly appreciated if you have done EHRM projects to cite them in this section. Include the project name, project owner and contact information as this person may be contacted for further information, project scope, project size (Example: square footage), building use (Example: Medical Facility, Office Building, etc.), project dollar value, start and completion dates. Provide specific examples that relate aspects of previous projects to the proposed project. Describe specific technical skills and key personnel your company possess to perform the requirements described under description of work. Describe your Self-Performed** effort (as either a Prime or Subcontractor). Describe Self-Performed work in terms of dollar value and description. **Self-Performed means work performed by the offeror themselves, NOT work performed by another company for them for any of the project examples provided. It is requested that interested contractors submit a response (electronic submission) of no more than eight (8) single sided pages, single-spaced, 12-point font minimum that addresses the above information. This response must be submitted as a single application-generated (not scanned) PDF document that is less than or equal to 4MB in size. Please note that hard copies will not be accepted. Please also include a cover page, which includes, at a minimum: the company s name, address, Dun & Bradstreet number, socio-economic status, point-of-contact name, phone number, and e-mail address. Responses must include the Sources Sought number and project title in the subject line of their e-mail response. Submissions (responses) shall be submitted via email to the primary point of contact listed below by March 11, 2026 at 1:00 PM ET. No phone calls will be accepted. The Capabilities Statement submitted in response to this Sources Sought shall not be considered to be a bid or proposal. This notice is for information and planning purposes only and is neither to be construed as a commitment by the Government nor will the Government pay for information solicited. No evaluation letters and/or results will be issued to the respondents. After completing its analyses, the Government will determine whether to limit competition among the small business categories listed above or proceed with full and open competition as other than small business. At this time no solicitation exists; therefore, please DO NOT REQUEST A COPY OF THE SOLICITATION. If a solicitation is released it will be synopsized in Contract Opportunities at https://Sam.gov. It is the potential offeror's responsibility to monitor this site for the release of any solicitation or synopsis. Contracting Office Address: VHA Program Contracting Activity Central (VHA-PCAC) 6100 Oak Tree Blvd., Suite 490 Independence, OH 44131 Primary Point of Contact: Thomas Council Contract Specialist thomas.council@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Thomas Council
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Thomas.Council@va.gov
  - Phone: (216) 447-8321

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fa592642ec15433f99364cc2d5e07173/view)