---
layout: default
title: 4610--Brand Name or Equal: Evoqua Water Technologies Ultra-Pure Water System (RO, WRO 300 H)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: a0ea906749ed4da78749aa176ef0352f
---

# 4610--Brand Name or Equal: Evoqua Water Technologies Ultra-Pure Water System (RO, WRO 300 H)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 17:28:58.472-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26126Q0451
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Subject: Sources Sought, Brand Name or Equal: Evoqua Water Technologies Ultra-Pure Water System (RO, WRO 300 H) for the VA Palo Alto Health Care System (VAPAHCS) located at 3801 Miranda Ave, Building 100, Room B2-150 & B2-102, Palo Alto CA 94304. The purpose of this sources sought notice is to conduct market research to support the procurement of Brand Name or Equal: Evoqua Water Technologies Ultra-Pure Water System (RO, WRO 300 H) for the VA Palo Alto Health Care System. This notice serves to survey the market in an attempt to ascertain whether or not sources are capable of providing the requested supplies and services. This notice allows potential vendors to submit a non-binding statement of interest and documentation demonstrating their capability. The sources sought effort is intended to assess industry capabilities and develop/support the intended direction of acquisition planning. The Network Contracting Office (NCO 21) is requesting responses from qualified business concerns; the qualifying NAICS code for this effort is 333310 Commercial and Service Industry Machinery Manufacturing. This sources sought is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classifications (Service Disabled/Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB/VOSB), Hub zone, 8(a), small, small disadvantaged, woman owned small business, or large business) relative to NAICS 333310 Commercial and Service Industry Machinery Manufacturing. Responses to this notice, will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this notice, a solicitation announcement may be published. Responses to this notice are not considered adequate responses to any corresponding solicitation announcement. All interested offerors will have to respond to the solicitation announcement in addition to responding to this notice. Background: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), VAPAHCS has a requirement for Brand Name or Equal: Evoqua Water Technologies Ultra-Pure Water System (RO, WRO 300 H). Â Please Note the following: Items purchased for the Department of Veterans Affairs Hemodialysis Department must be in compliance with the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation (AAMI) Standards for dialysis water quality. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulates medical devices sold in the United States to assure their safety and effectiveness. Items purchased for use at the Department of Veterans Affairs must be FDA approved. This Procurement is subject to the Buy American Act and the Nonmanufacturing Rule. Please state the country of origin in all responses. Please provide an Authorized Distributor Letter from the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM); unless you are the OEM. Offered products are to be compatible with and installed into VA-provided pretreatment carts; complete unit cannot exceed the size limitations in the attached photographs. Offered products must be a complete system capable of automated programmable hot water heat disinfection (primary), automatic flushing, and continuous product water loop to prevent water stagnation. Items must connect to and be compatible with current VA owned Hemodialysis System (B. Braun Dialog+ Evolution Hemodialysis Systems). ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT 0001

5.00 EA Brand-Name or Equal: RO,WRO 300 H,115V,60HZ Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 04-01-2026 POP End: 06-30-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 333310 Commercial and Service Industry Machinery Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 4610 Water Purification Equipment MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): W3T577585 0002

5.00 EA Brand-Name or Equal: WATER ANALYSIS,AAMI,STDS Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 04-01-2026 POP End: 06-30-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 333310 Commercial and Service Industry Machinery Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 4610 Water Purification Equipment MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): W3T572488 0003

1.00 HR Brand-Name or Equal: PORTABLE RO SYSTEM ORIENTATION Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 04-01-2026 POP End: 06-30-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 333310 Commercial and Service Industry Machinery Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 4610 Water Purification Equipment MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): W3TSP7169 0004

1.00 HR Brand-Name or Equal: FUEL/ENERGY Surcharge Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 04-01-2026 POP End: 06-30-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 333310 Commercial and Service Industry Machinery Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 4610 Water Purification Equipment MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): W3TSP4276 0005

1.00 HR Brand-Name or Equal: LABOR BILLING - OTHER Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 04-01-2026 POP End: 06-30-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 333310 Commercial and Service Industry Machinery Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 4610 Water Purification Equipment MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): W3TSP4146 Instructions: Submit a brief description, two-three (2-3) pages (including cover letter) that demonstrates how your company can provide the requested supplies and services that are required. Include past experience in providing this system to the VA, other Government (Federal or State) agency, or for a private facility. Please specify your availability and your address. PLEASE INDICATE WHETHER YOU HOLD A GSA FEDERAL-SUPPLY SCHEDULE CONTRACT THAT COVERS THESE SERVICES AND, IF SO, THE CONTRACT NUMBER. Provide BUSINESS SIZE AND SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS; (a) Indicate whether your business is large or small (b) If small, indicate if your firm qualifies as a small, emerging business, or small disadvantages business (c) If disadvantaged specify under which disadvantaged group and if your firm is certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act (d) Indicate if your firm is a certified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) or Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) (g) Include the UEI number of your firm. (h) State whether your firm is registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) and/or the SBA s Dynamic Small Business Search (DSBS) Registry at the SBA s Small Business Search Website. If not, please NOTE that any future solicitation could only be awarded to a contractor who is registered in SAM and to receive award based on VOSB or SDVOSB status you must be registered in the SBA DSBS Registry (i) provide current commercial pricing and any applicable discounts. (j) link to the respondent s General Services Administration (GSA) schedule, or attached file of same, if applicable (k) citation of any current or past customers (i.e., within the past two (2) years) to include contract number, point of contact telephone number or e-mail address; and (l) other material relevant to establishing core competencies of the firm. Response is due by 10:00 AM Mountain Time, Friday, March 13, 2026. Please submit e-mail responses to Mrs. Tawnya Krommenhoek, Contracting Officer at tawnya.krommenhoek@va.gov. Your response should include a STATEMENT OF CAPABLILITY, GSA SCHEDULE INFORMATION, UEI#, BUSINESS SIZE, AND SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS information as explained above. Please place Attention: Brand Name or Equal: Evoqua Water Technologies Ultra-Pure Water System (RO, WRO 300 H) in the subject line of your email. This notice is to assist the VA in determining sources only, questions will not be received at this time. NOTES: Issuance of this notice does not constitute any obligation whatsoever on the part of the Government to procure these supplies and/or services, or to issue a solicitation, nor to notify respondents of the results of this notice. No solicitation documents exist at this time; however, in the event the acquisition strategy demonstrates that GSA is a viable option for procuring a solution, the subsequent RFQ shall be posted to GSA eBuy where only those firms who currently hold a GSA Schedule with the applicable SIN will be able to respond. The Department of Veterans Affairs is neither seeking quotes nor accepting unsolicited quotes, and responses to this notice cannot be accepted as offers. Any information the vendor considers proprietary should be clearly marked as such. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this Sources Sought Notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tawnya Krommenhoek
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: tawnya.krommenhoek@va.gov
  - Phone: tawnya.krommenhoek@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a0ea906749ed4da78749aa176ef0352f/view)