---
layout: default
title: DA10--Prism IPX Paging System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 5b36ea5a507a4c2aa9278bd59d60bf61
---

# DA10--Prism IPX Paging System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-12 12:14:32.397-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0457
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to obtain information regarding the availability and capability of all qualified sources to perform a potential requirement, and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Small Business Manufacturers, and other Small Businesses, interested and capable of providing items requested, as well as any large business interested and capable. This REQUEST FOR INFORMATION/SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE, in support of the Portland VA Medical Center, is for market research purposes and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. Results will be used to determine set-aside. The intended contract is a firm-fixed price purchase. Potential contractors shall provide, at a minimum, the following information: 1) Company name, address, and point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, and SAM.gov UEI number/code. 2) Anticipated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 541519. Please indicate whether you are a Small Business, SDVOSB, VOSB, WOSB, Hub-zone, Small Business Manufacturer, Other Small Business, or Large Business, and whether you are the manufacturer of the items listed below. 3) The Government is not obligated to, nor will it pay for or reimburse, any costs associated with responding to this sources sought notice. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. Notice to Potential Offerors: All Offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System Award Management (SAM located on the web at www.sam.gov). It is desirable that any Offeror to have completed their business Online Representations and Certifications Application in the System for Award Management (SAM). 4) Any Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Businesses or Veteran Owned Businesses who respond to a solicitation on this project must be registered with the Small Business Administration VetCert Registry located at https://veterans.certify.sba.gov. 5) If not a manufacturer, only authorized representatives/providers/distributors of the manufacturer will be considered. Equipment must be new, no used or refurbished equipment accepted. Please provide proof of authorized dealer or reseller letter from manufacturer. 6) If you are the manufacturer, do you have any designated or authorized distributors? If so, please provide their name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). 7) The salient characteristics must reflect the physical, functional, or performance characteristics equal to those provided below and products must meet to satisfy the Government s needs. To be considered for any potential solicitation, offers must: (a) Meet the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic of the item and those specified in this sources sought; clearly identify the item by Brand name, if any and make/model number. (b) Include descriptive literature such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to descriptive data or information available that identifies that the item meets or exceeds the salient characteristics required by the Government. (c) Identify the manufacturer name (OEM) and manufacturer part number, as well as any warranty information. (d) Please provide a courtesy quote in response to this request to evaluate price reasonableness for any set-aside determination, and any applicable contract vehicle information. (e) Please identify Place of Manufacture and existing contract vehicle (ie. GSA, FSS, NASA SEWP). It is the intent of the VA to use the information gathered for market research purposes only. If a formal solicitation is released, it will be posted via the Contracting Opportunities website located at sam.gov., NASA SEWP, or GSA eBuy. DESCRIPTION OF THE REQUIREMENT: The Department of Veterans Affairs is looking to obtain information on vendors who can provide the products as outlined below. This is an Unrestricted Request for Information/Sources Sought Notice. Items: Brand Name or Equal to Manufacturer: PriMega Prism Manufacturer s part numbers are included for reference ITEM # Description/MFR Part # Qty Price Extended Price 1 Computer Rack Server Dual Quad Core, 64GB memory, 2 OS Drives #PIPX-Server R746XD 2 2 5 Year NBD on-site server Warranty #PIPX-NBD5 Warranty 2 3 PriMega Gateway Software Version 11 20,000 delivery points #PIPX-OM11 2 4 PriMega OAMv 11 Interface #PIPX-OAMv11 2 5 PriMega No Loss Server Interface #PIPX-NoLoss 2 6 PriMega SIP License Per Active Line #PIPX-PriMegaSIP+Beep 8 7 Paging Encryption Server #PIPX-PES-LB 2 8 TAP Input over IP for SPOK #PIPX-TAP Input 2 9 SNPP Input Over IP #PIPX-SNPP Input 2 10 SNPP Output to cellphone service #PIPX-SNPP Output 2 11 SMTP Text to message input from email #PIPX-SMTP Input 2 12 SMPT Message output #PIPX-SMTP Output 2 13 Web Message entry #PIPX-web_message 2 14 PIPX Linux v6 Encoding Software #PIPX-ENC6-1ch-SW025 2 15 Prism IP base station controller v3 #PIPX-ipBSCv3-OAD-HS 5 16 External GPS receiver for ipBSC #PIPX-ipGPSRx 5 17 GPS Zaptec surge protection kits #PIPX-GPS-Surgeprotect 5 18 OMI system for alarm monitoring and remote management, up to 10 station controllers #PIPX-OMI-010 2 19 Database extraction and conversion #PIPX-Xlate 1 20 Install, Configure, and Test Oracle Server Software, test and configure paging, encryption software, and feature software #PIPX-Factory-PriMega 1 21 Documentation, Configuration, Factory Test, Field Test Plan #PIPX-Doc+ 1 22 Customer Training on Prism IPX System 2 people, one day #PIPX-Training 1 23 Prism Installation Assistance Per Engineer Includes all time, travel, and expenses, One week #PIPX-Field 1 24 Support Contract 10 Prepaid Hours of remote technical support time #PIPX-Support 24/7 1 25 One Year Remote Hardware and Software Warranty #SWEW1 1 26 Project Management Installation, Configuration Paging Transmitters, Field Test, and Overseeing Completion of Prism IPX System 1 27 Onsite Tech, Service Prism IPX System and Installation 4 paging transmitters and One Year Support Onsite 1 SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS For Hospital wide paging system, with FMS oversight Application The paging system is used as a required secondary notification system for Code Blue, RRT, and seizure lab, and a primary notification system for Telemetry paging and all internal hospital paging (*41). Need The current system is both End of Life and End of Support Life. General Requirements: Critical requirement: The system provided by the Contractor must have an existing and approved VHA ERA (Enterprise Risk Analysis) that allows it to be connected to the VHA OIT network. Contractor to provide all parts, system components, software, licensing, documentation, labor, and all associated items or systems required for a complete, hospital-wide paging system, and to install, configure, factory test, field test, activate, provide training, and provide go live support the system. Contract to include customer training, 2 people for 1 day, project management, database extraction and conversion to the required format, and configuration of paging transmitters. Paging system technical salient characteristic requirements: System must operate on 115/120VAC System must be capable of being upgraded System must be designed for standalone or redundant high availability systems. System must have the capability of managing a paging network from the message input using telephone and data lines to the data output to one or more paging transmitters, email or text messaging destinations. System must have encryption methodologies. Database must handle over 500,000 users System must have a VoIP SIP Telephony input System must have IP connected modules for local or diverse locations System must have Auto-failover to hot swap standby local and across subnets System must meet all the Industry Protocols System must have capability for email In/Out System must have Secure access and data transport System must have capability for being managed via the web/web browser System must have High Speed Paging Digital and Analog System must be designed for ipBSC Simulcast systems System must have capability for the paging dispatcher to track paging acknowledgements, negative paging acknowledgements, and no responses from base station controllers System must have a server that ensures no messages lost when redundant systems are switched. System must have an Operations Management Interface module that manages system components and data flowing through the system. System must log all required data and provide site monitoring and alarm processing. System must produce usage and diagnostic reports. Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 7 Delivery: Portland VA Medical Center 3710 SW US Veterans Hospital Road Portland, OR 97239 If your business is interested and capable, please send the capability statement in accordance with the above requirements, to Maureen.Sundstrom@va.gov by 10:00 AM PST on March 20, 2026. NO PHONE CALLS, PLEASE. Again, this is not a request for quote, and no solicitation is available at this time.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Maureen Sundstrom
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Maureen.Sundstrom@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5b36ea5a507a4c2aa9278bd59d60bf61/view)