---
layout: default
title: USCG Lodging – Washington, DC & Manhattan, NY, May–June 2026
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: c46dd6bba00d41ffae440ab27819da96
---

# USCG Lodging – Washington, DC & Manhattan, NY, May–June 2026

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 12:47:09.807-04
- Solicitation Number: 70098PR260020208

## Summary

Description This is a solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 70098PR260020208 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ), request for lodging accommodations. This acquisition is set aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 Effective Date 03/13/2026. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 721110, with a small business size standard of $40M. Product Service Code is V231. Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. As a minimum, offers shall include— (1) The solicitation number. (2) The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror. (3) The Offeror’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) (4) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 (5) Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (6) A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. The USCG Training Center Yorktown is seeking a qualified vendor to provide lodging and breakfast meal vouchers for international training participants in Washington, DC and Manhattan, NY from May 26, 2026 to June 4, 2026, in accordance with the attached Statement of Work. Offerors are required to provide prices for all items/CLINs. A zero-dollar figure ($0.00) unit price means the offeror shall provide the service/supply at no charge to the Government. Unit prices left blank or annotated with something other than a dollar figure will be considered unacceptable. Reference Attached Statement of Work in Solicitation 70098PR260020208. Place of Performance Washington, DC / Manhattan, NY Basis for Award: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Technical Capability, Cancellation Policy, Accessibility and Location, and Price. The government will evaluate information based on the following evaluation criteria: Technical Capability: The Offeror shall demonstrate its ability to provide lodging services that fully meet the requirements specified in the Statement of Work (SOW). This includes the adequacy and condition of facilities, compliance with safety and security standards, availability of amenities, and capacity to accommodate the required number of personnel. The Offeror’s proposal must address how it will ensure consistent quality, cleanliness, and maintenance of lodging facilities throughout the contract period. Cancellation Policy: The Offeror shall provide a detailed description of its cancellation policy, including terms and conditions for modifying or cancelling reservations. The Government will evaluate the flexibility of the policy, specifically the ability to adjust the quantity of rooms required without incurring cancellation fees or penalties. Preference will be given to Offerors whose policies allow for changes or cancellations with minimal or no financial impact to the Government, particularly in cases of operational necessity or unforeseen circumstances. Accessibility and Location: The Offeror shall provide information regarding the location of the lodging facilities in relation to the designated operational area(s) specified in the SOW. Evaluation will include proximity to required sites, ease of access, transportation options, and suitability for Government personnel. The Offeror must demonstrate that the location supports operational efficiency and meets any specific requirements for accessibility. Price: Price will be evaluated for reasonableness and realism. The Government will consider the total evaluated price for the basic requirement. While price is a factor, the Government will not make award solely on the basis of lowest price, but will consider price in conjunction with the other evaluation factors. A quote must comply in all aspects with the requirements and conditions set forth in this RFQ; a quote must meet or exceed all mandatory RFQ requirements. If an Offeror takes exception to any of the terms and conditions of the RFQ or fails to meet any of the requirements of the RFQ, then the Government may consider the quote unacceptable A Firm-Fixed Price contract will be awarded to the responsible offeror whose offer fully conforms to this solicitation and is determined to be the most advantageous, considering price and other factors. The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. The anticipated award date is 10 days after solicitation closing date. Only one purchase order is anticipated resulting from this RFQ, however the Government reserves the right to withdraw, modify, or eliminate various aspects of the requirement determined to be too costly or impractical prior to award. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at acquisition.gov. Offerors must complete entity-level representations and certifications online in the System for Award Management (SAM) in accordance with FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management –Registration. All quoters must submit the following: VOLUME 1: Price Section A: Pricing shall be submitted as requested for the listed Supplies/Services. Total price will be evaluated by the Government. Proposed price should reflect a clear understanding of the requirements, is consistent with the various elements of the offer. VOLUME 2 Section A Technical Proposal & Cancellation Policy: Offeror shall submit company's detailed technical approach and methodology for completing all requirements of the Statement of Work (SOW). The Technical Volume shall not exceed thirty (30) pages in length, with a minimum 12-point font. Page limitation includes any drawings, charts, pictures, etc., and excludes section dividers, table of contents, figures/tables, glossary of terms and cross-referencing indices and resumes -all of which are not considered content pages. Submission of a quote that does not contain all items requested below may result in elimination from consideration of award. Offerors must submit each item of quote in a separate electronic attachment clearly identified as described below. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. This is an open-market solicitation as defined herein. The government intends to award a purchase order as a result of this solicitation that will include the terms and conditions set forth herein. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoter must list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s). Quotations that reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. All quotes must be emailed to John Caicedo via email to john.h.caicedo2@uscg.mil and shall be received no later than May 1, 2026 11:00am Eastern Time. Late submissions will be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(c). All emailed quotes must have Solicitation Number 70098PR260020208 in the subject of the email.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: JOHN CAICEDO
  - Email: JOHN.H.CAICEDO2@USCG.MIL
  - Phone: 2068151586

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: identified as described below. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. This is an open-market solicitation as defined herein. The government intends to award a purchase order as a result of this solicitation that will include the terms and conditions set forth herein. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoter must list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s). Quotations that reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. All quotes must be emailed to John Caicedo via email to john.h.caicedo2@uscg.mil and shall be received no later than May 1, 2026 11:00am Eastern Time. Late submissions will be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(c). All emailed quotes must have Solicitation Number 70098PR260020208 in the subject of the email

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c46dd6bba00d41ffae440ab27819da96/view)