---
layout: default
title: Sock Black Athletic
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 7f5364b5f7c54f2db4bdf38b152453c7
---

# Sock Black Athletic

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-03 11:21:22.792-04
- Solicitation Number: SPE1C126R0034

## Summary

ITEM: SOCKS, BLACK, ATHLETIC PGC 00338, NSN: 8415-01-692-2228(s) PR Specification/PD: CID GL-PD-20-07, dated October 28, 2020 RFP SPE1C1-26-R-0034 will be utilized for the purchase of item SOCKS, BLACK, ATHLETIC. A Solicitation is being issued for the purchase of the SOCKS, BLACK, ATHLETIC. ITEM: SOCKS, BLACK, ATHLETIC PGC 00338, NSN: 8415-01-692-2228(s) PR **Please note: vendors must include a copy of the physical test report with the PDM submission.** The Solicitation for the purchase of the Socks, Black, Athletic will result with the intent of the Government to award two contracts – a 50% portion (Lot 0001) award and a 50% portion (Lot 0002) award. The RFP and proposed contract(s) will be issued as 100% Small Business Set-Aside. Only small business firms may submit offers for this acquisition. The Small Business Set-Aside will result in firm fixed price contract or contracts in accordance with FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items. The resultant contract will be an award of a 60-month contract consisting of five (5) 12-month price tier periods. Each tier shall be for a 12-month period. This proposed buy will result in a negotiated Indefinite Delivery Type contract(s). This acquisition is a 60-month contract consisting of five (5) 12-month price tier periods. The quantities will be as follows: Quantity Total Acquisition: Contract Guaranteed Min: 204,000 pair Annual Estimated Quantity: 816,000 pair per tier Contract Maximum: 5,100,000 pair all tiers combined Lot 1: KT Min: 102,000 pair; KT Max: 2,550,000 pair all 5 tiers; AEQ per tier term: 408,000 pair Lot 2: KT Min: 102,000 pair; KT Max: 2,550,000 pair all 5 tiers; AEQ per tier term: 408,000 pair The resultant contract(s) will have a Five (5) year ordering period. Within the Five (5) year ordering period, there will be Five (5) 12-month price Tier periods. This proposed buy will result in a negotiated Indefinite Delivery Type Contract(s). The quantities for the acquisition are listed above for the total acquisition. This proposed buy will result with the intent of the Government to award two (2) negotiated Indefinite Delivery Type contract. Best Value / Trade Off / Source Selection Procedures will be utilized in making the proposed award(s), and as a result, Technical Proposals are required. Technical and Past Performance, when combined, are more important than cost or price. Evaluation factors are as follows in descending order of importance: Product Demonstration Model (PDM) in accordance with CID GL-PD-20-07, dated October 28, 2020 and Past Performance/Performance Confidence Assessment. Evaluation of the PDMs will effectively indicate the contractor’s comprehension of the item’s technical requirements and their ability to manufacture the items in accordance with the Purchase Description. Therefore, for this solicitation, alternate materials will NOT be permitted. To ensure that the contractor can manufacture the item, the specified materials outlined in Purchase Description GL-PD-20-07, dated October 28, 2020, must be used. Offerors will be required to submit a total of three (3) pair size medium Product Demonstration Models (PDMs) for the Socks, Black, Athletic from each proposed place of performance; a history of their experience/past performance record from the period three years prior to the solicitation closing date. PDMs and test reports must be submitted with offers and will be evaluated for conformance to the specifications. The first Delivery Order is due to begin 90 days after award with 30-day increments and 90 days lead time for subsequent delivery orders with 30-day increments. Acquisition is FOB Destination to Pendergrass Distribution, Pendergrass, GA. Inspection and Acceptance are at DESTINATION. RFID is required at item, case and pallet as the items are in the Army Warfighter Recruit Bag. All materials used to manufacture this item are to be furnished by the contractor. All materials/components and manufacturing shall be Berry Amendment compliant. The applicable North American Industrial Classification System Code (NAICS) is 315120 – Apparel Knitting Mills. Small business size standards matched to industry NAICS codes are published by the Small Business Administration and are available at http://www.sba.gov/content/table-small-business-size-standards. Availability of solicitations, FAR 5.102(d) applies, as our office no longer issues solicitations or amendments in paper form. SPECIFICATION: CID GL-PD-20-07, dated October 28, 2020. Specification will be included at time of solicitation as an attachment. Technical Data is included within Solicitation SPE1C1-26-R-0034. Specification and Tech are included as an attachment to the solicitation document in SAM.gov and DIBBS. Solicitation is posted concurrently on https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/. Detailed system requirements and instructions for registration can be found on the DLA DIBBS Home Page accessed on https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/default.aspx. A few highlights of the information that will be found include: 1. On the DLA Internet Bulletin Board System (DIBBS) Home Page, click the VENDOR REGISTRATION link to begin the registration process. 2. In order to register for access to secure portions of DLA DIBBS, the company you are representing must already be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM.gov) website. 3. A Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code registration will be processed immediately. A User ID will appear on the registration screen and a password will be sent separately to the email address of the Super User. If a CAGE is already registered on DLA DIBBS, the name and email address of the Super User will be provided. The Super User should be contacted to set-up additional accounts, logons and passwords for their CAGE DIBBS Super User * If your CAGE has already been registered on DIBBS, the name and email address of the person designated as your super user will be provided. * The representative who starts the DIBBS registration process has the option to accept their SAM registration POC as the DIBBS super user, or they can designate themselves or another person to act as the super user for the CAGE. * The super user acts as the account administrator for a CAGE. They can add up to ninety-eight (98) additional users, provide user IDs and passwords, modify existing users, and control the login status of each user for their CAGEs through My Account (Account Maintenance). The Solicitation is also posted in SAM.gov simultaneously with this synopsis. The Defense appropriations and authorization acts and other statutes (including what is commonly referred to as "The Berry Amendment") impose restrictions on the DoD's acquisition of foreign products and services. Generally, Clothing and Textile items (as defined in DFARS clause 252.225-7012) and "specialty metals" (as defined in DFARS clause 252.225-7014), including the materials and components thereof (other than sensors, electronics, or other items added to, and not normally associated with clothing), must be grown, reprocessed, reused, melted or produced in the United States, its possessions or Puerto Rico, unless one of the DFARS 225.7002-2 exceptions applies. DLA Troop Support has developed a web-based system that allows manufacturers the ability to request specifications, PATTERNS and drawings on our contracting page (if patterns and drawings are available). NOTE: Commercial Items do not have patterns. The item in this solicitation is considered commercial items and DO NOT have patterns or artwork for logos (should logos apply). To request technical data for DLA Troop Support Clothing and Textiles (DLA C&T) solicitations, use the following link to the DLA C&T Technical Data Repository area at http://www.dla.mil/TroopSupport/ClothingandTextiles/SpecRequest.aspx. Contracting Office Address: 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19111-5096 Primary Point of Contact: Arlett R. Hartie Contracting Officer Arlett.Hartie@dla.mil Phone: 484-674-5566 Secondary Point of Contact: Krysta Le Acquisition Specialist Krysta.Le@dla.mil Phone: 445-737-3559 Secondary Point of Contact: Mimi Pham Acquisition Specialist Mimi.Pham@dla.mil Phone: 215-737-0316

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kalifa Williams(445) 737-6308
  - Email: Kalifa.Williams@dla.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Krysta Le
  - Email: Krysta.Le@dla.mil
  - Phone: 4457373559

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: the solicitation document in SAM.gov and DIBBS. Solicitation is posted concurrently on https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/. Detailed system requirements and instructions for registration can be found on the DLA DIBBS Home Page accessed on https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/default.aspx. A few highlights of the information that will be found include: 1. On the DLA Internet Bulletin Board System (DIBBS) Home Page, click the VENDOR REGISTRATION link to begin the registration process. 2. In order to register for access to secure portions of DLA DIBBS, the company you are representing must already be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM.gov) website. 3. A Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code registration will be processed immediately. A User ID will appear on the registration screen and a password will be sent separately to the email address of the Super User. If a CAGE is already registered on DLA DIBBS, the name and email address of the Super User will be provided. The Super User should be contacted to set-up additional accounts, logons and passwords for their CAGE DIBBS Super User * If your CAGE has already been registered on DIBBS, the name and email address of the person designated as your super user will be provided. * The representative who starts the DIBBS registration process has the option to accept their SAM registration POC as the DIBBS super user, or they can designate themselves or another person to act as the super user for the CAGE. * The super user acts as the account administrator for a CAGE. They can add up to ninety-eight (98) additional users, provide user IDs and passwords, modify existing users, and control the login status of each user for their CAGEs through My Account (Account Maintenance). The Solicitation is also posted in SAM.gov simultaneously with this synopsis. The Defense appropriations and authorization acts and other statutes (including what is commonly referred to as "The Berry Amendment") impose restrictions on the DoD"s acquisition of foreign products and services. Generally, Clothing and Textile items (as defined in DFARS clause 252.225-7012) and "specialty metals" (as defined in DFARS clause 252.225-7014), including the materials and components thereof (other than sensors, electronics, or other items added to, and not normally associated with clothing), must be grown, reprocessed, reused, melted or produced in the United States, its possessions or Puerto Rico, unless one of the DFARS 225.7002-2 exceptions applies. DLA Troop Support has developed a web-based system that allows manufacturers the ability to request specifications, PATTERNS and drawings on our contracting page (if patterns and drawings are available). NOTE: Commercial Items do not have patterns. The item in this solicitation is considered commercial items and DO NOT have patterns or artwork for logos (should logos apply). To request technical data for DLA Troop Support Clothing and Textiles (DLA C&T) solicitations, use the following link to the DLA C&T Technical Data Repository area at http://www.dla.mil/TroopSupport/ClothingandTextiles/SpecRequest.aspx. Contracting Office Address: 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19111-5096 Primary Point of Contact: Arlett R. Hartie Contracting Officer Arlett.Hartie@dla.mil Phone: 484-674-5566 Secondary Point of Contact: Krysta Le Acquisition Specialist Krysta.Le@dla.mil Phone: 445-737-3559 Secondary Point of Contact: Mimi Pham Acquisition Specialist Mimi.Pham@dla.mil Phone: 215-737-0316

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7f5364b5f7c54f2db4bdf38b152453c7/view)