---
layout: default
title: Animal Shipping Boxes
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: dadad37200af4e9d80f94536184bfe84
---

# Animal Shipping Boxes

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 11:37:10.542-04
- Solicitation Number: RFQ-26-04855

## Summary

Announcement Number: RFQ-26-04855 Dated Posted: 4/24/2026 Date Solicitation Issued: 4/24/2026 Date Response Due: 5/4/2026 Propose Award Date: 5/8/2026 Project Title: Animal Shipping Boxes Contact Points: Contracting Officer: Brian Lind, brian.lind@nih.gov Contract Specialist : tonia.alexander@nih.gov Acquisition Authority: This acquisition is being conducted under Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) Part 13 – Simplified Acquisition Procedures, and the resultant contract award will include all applicable provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 dated March 13, 2026. North American Classification System (NAICS) Code: 322211 Small business size standard: 1,250 in number of employees. Set-aside Status: A total small business set-aside. Competition Status: This requirement is posted as Request for Quote. Description of Requirement: This requirement is to procure Animal Shipping Boxes for live animals with the salient characteristics: 1) durable and strong material, 2) shipping boxes for live animals, 3) safety features (defined below), and 4) various sizes (defined below). Box Specifications: Animal Shipping Box with Screen Filter 6-5/16” x 6-5/16” x 6-3/4” Four (4) Screen Filters Attached Filter Frame must be Abs-styrene with 0.030 thickness and size 734 x 415 x 3125 to have filter laminated onto the frame. Filter Paper must be of BMR with 6oz Bulk and electrostatically enhanced. Must be 5MIL with MD7 and CD.8, PSI 6 and CFM 750 with efficiency of 99.99% on Ashrae test 52.2. Wire must be 515A alloy mesh .025 with .001 in Diameter and with 4 -1/16” with PSI 45,000 and openness 80 to 85%. All filters on the frame must be inspected and tested before shipping. Filters are laminated by hand to die cut carton with a non-toxic glue. Cartons to be manufactured at 200# PSI RSC die cut and glued. Bundle/15 count See Attachment 3 – Image/picture of an Animal Shipping Box Period of performance is one (1) year from date of award with a base and option quantity: CLIN #1 Unit of Measure: Bundle Base Quantity: 800 (delivery at time of award) Price vendor: $ CLIN #2 Unit of Measure: Bundle Base Quantity: 900 (delivery upon request) Price vendor: $ **Option Quantities** Option quantities will be requested to be shipped in any quantities up to the maximum stated for each item under option quantities, and will be for the stated price at the time of award. Shipping Instructions: NIH Supply Center 16071 Industrial Drive Gaithersburg MD 20877 **Please review Attachment 2 - Vendor Shipping Instructions to NIHSC**. Delivery: Within 30 days from receipt of award. Payment Terms: Net 30 Statutory Authority: This notice is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial items using Simplified Acquisition Procedures. This acquisition will be made in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 “ Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and solicitation for commercial Items,” as applicable, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation (a written solicitation will not be issued) and quotes are being requested. Closing Statement: Responses to this notice must include sufficient information to establish the interested parties’ bona-fide capabilities for providing the product. The response shall include: the unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, delivery days after contract award, delivery terms, prompt payment discount terms, F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), product or catalog number(s); product description; and any other information or factors that may be considered in the award decision. The government intends to award a firm-fixed price purchase order to the responsible contractor as a result of this RFQ that will include the terms and conditions set forth herein. The award will be based on the following: technical capability to meet the requirements salient characteristics, price, and delivery. By submitting a quote in response to this solicitation, vendor is accepting the following terms and conditions: The following FAR provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (OCT 2025) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (NOV 2024) (Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications on-line at http://www.sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications- Commercial Items (Please ensure FAR 52.209-2 -- Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations--Representation. (NOV 2015) is updated in your SAM record) FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements – Representation (JAN 2017) 52.204–26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation (OCT 2020) The following FAR contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) FAR 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (NOV 2021) FAR 52-212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (NOV 2023) FAR 52-212.5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Commercial Items (MAR 2026) (see Attachment 1) FAR 52.217-6 Option for Increased Quantity (MAR 1989) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) HHSAR 352.222-70, Contractor Cooperation in Equal Employment Opportunity Investigations (DEC 2015) FAR 52.252-2 -- Clauses Incorporated by Reference. (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address: http://farsite.hill.af.mil/vffara.htm By submission of an offer, the offeror acknowledges the requirement that a prospective awardee shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award, during performance, and through final payment of any contract, basic agreement, basic ordering agreement, or blanket purchasing agreement resulting from this solicitation (www.sam.gov). Copies of the above-referenced provisions and clauses are available from http://www.acquisition.gov/far/loadmainre.html & http://www.hhs.gov/regulation/index.html or, upon request. All responses must be received by Monday, May 4, 2026 @ 10:00 AM EST and must reference announcement / solicitation number: RFQ-26-04855 with response submitted electronically to tonia.alexander@nih.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). All responsible sources may submit an offer that will be considered by this Agency.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Lind
  - Email: brian.lind@nih.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Tonia Alexander
  - Email: tonia.alexander@nih.gov
  - Phone: 0000000000

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Image/picture of an Animal Shipping Box Period of performance is one (1) year from date of award with a base and option quantity: CLIN #1 Unit of Measure: Bundle Base Quantity: 800 (delivery at time of award) Price vendor: $ CLIN #2 Unit of Measure: Bundle Base Quantity: 900 (delivery upon request) Price vendor: $ **Option Quantities** Option quantities will be requested to be shipped in any quantities up to the maximum stated for each item under option quantities, and will be for the stated price at the time of award. Shipping Instructions: NIH Supply Center 16071 Industrial Drive Gaithersburg MD 20877 **Please review Attachment 2 - Vendor Shipping Instructions to NIHSC**. Delivery: Within 30 days from receipt of award. Payment Terms: Net 30 Statutory Authority: This notice is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial items using Simplified Acquisition Procedures. This acquisition will be made in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 “ Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and solicitation for commercial Items,” as applicable, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation (a written solicitation will not be issued) and quotes are being requested. Closing Statement: Responses to this notice must include sufficient information to establish the interested parties’ bona-fide capabilities for providing the product. The response shall include: the unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, delivery days after contract award, delivery terms, prompt payment discount terms, F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), product or catalog number(s); product description; and any other information or factors that may be considered in the award decision. The government intends to award a firm-fixed price purchase order to the responsible contractor as a result of this RFQ that will include the terms and conditions set forth herein. The award will be based on the following: technical capability to meet the requirements salient characteristics, price, and delivery. By submitting a quote in response to this solicitation, vendor is accepting the following terms and conditions: The following FAR provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (OCT 2025) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (NOV 2024) (Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications on-line at http://www.sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications- Commercial Items (Please ensure FAR 52.209-2 -- Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations--Representation. (NOV 2015) is updated in your SAM record) FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements – Representation (JAN 2017) 52.204–26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation (OCT 2020) The following FAR contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) FAR 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (NOV 2021) FAR 52-212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (NOV 2023) FAR 52-212.5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Commercial Items (MAR 2026) (see Attachment 1) FAR 52.217-6 Option for Increased Quantity (MAR 1989) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) HHSAR 352.222-70, Contractor Cooperation in Equal Employment Opportunity Investigations (DEC 2015) FAR 52.252-2 -- Clauses Incorporated by Reference. (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address: http://farsite.hill.af.mil/vffara.htm By submission of an offer, the offeror acknowledges the requirement that a prospective awardee shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award, during performance, and through final payment of any contract, basic agreement, basic ordering agreement, or blanket purchasing agreement resulting from this solicitation (www.sam.gov). Copies of the above-referenced provisions and clauses are available from http://www.acquisition.gov/far/loadmainre.html & http://www.hhs.gov/regulation/index.html or, upon request. All responses must be received by Monday, May 4, 2026 @ 10:00 AM EST and must reference announcement / solicitation number: RFQ-26-04855 with response submitted electronically to tonia.alexander@nih.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). All responsible sources may submit an offer that will be considered by this Agency

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dadad37200af4e9d80f94536184bfe84/view)