---
layout: default
title: Z1DA--Remodel A2South to Cancer Clinic 553-21-100
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: b9b28ba7acaf412eb0d939896d79dd27
---

# Z1DA--Remodel A2South to Cancer Clinic 553-21-100

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 13:32:31.021-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C25026B0024
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 3 of 3 This is a Pre-Solicitation announcement to inform potential offerors of the Department of Veterans Affairs intent to advertise an Invitation For Bids (IFB) on Project 553-21-100 Remodel A2 South to Cancer Clinic at the VA Medical Center in Detroit, Michigan. An Invitation for Bid (IFB) is planned to be issued on or about June 27, 2025. Furnish all necessary labor, tools, miscellaneous materials, equipment, and supervision as specified in the drawings and specifications for the renovation of existing inpatient ward, located in the blue tower, on the second floor, zone 1 of the John D. Dingell VA Medical Center, into a new cancer clinic, that will include a dedicated compounding pharmacy. A small portion of the second floor, zone 2, will also be included to provide additional offices and relocate the women s locker room from zone 1 to zone 2. The interstitial floors above and below these areas will be included as part of the scope of work, along with the mechanical rooms on floors 2 through 7 and the roof above the 7th floor mechanical room, that are in zone 1. The new cancer clinic will encompass approximately 22,000 sq. ft.. The floor area of the existing inpatient ward will be gutted down to the concrete floor, and up to the bottom of the interstitial above, and from the 2hr fire rated walls at the mechanical and electrical rooms and the stair well to the 2hr rated smoke barrier between zone 1 and 2. The existing linen and trash chutes and the pneumatic tube station shafts will remain as they are, and will require protection during construction. The exterior walls will have the existing drywall and metal studs removed as part of demolition, for installation of new insulation. New work will consist of (but not limited to) patching existing concrete floors, coring and cutting new openings or recesses in concrete floors, flooring, walls, ceilings, manufactured and custom casework, wall and door protection, doors, windows, automatic sliding aluminum doors, transaction window and pass-thru, Division 10 specialty items (toilet accessories, markerboard, tackboard, fire extinguisher cabinets, etc.), relocate pneumatic tube blower, ceiling mounted patient lift, ballistics rated construction, misc. structural steel for support of new work, sprinklers and piping, plumbing fixtures, piping, medical gas outlets, ducts, diffusers, grilles, lighting, lighting controls, outlets, data outlets, nurse call system, speakers, RTLS system, surveillance cameras, and fire alarm system. The interstitial spaces above and below this area, and the mechanical room serving this space are also included as part of this project. Removal, installation, and reworking of the following items (but not limited to) will be included in the work: pneumatic tubing, HVAC ducting, hydronic piping, terminal units, waste and vent piping, domestic water piping, medical gas piping, electrical wiring, lighting control wiring, data and communications cabling, HVAC controls and wiring, and safety and security cabling. Contract shall include all work required to make all systems integrated into the existing facility fully functional and complete. The air handling unit serving zone 1 & zone 5 will be replaced as part of this project. A second dedicated air handling unit will be installed in the existing mechanical room to serve the specific HVAC needs of the satellite compounding pharmacy. New exhaust fans will be installed on the roof and exhaust duct work will be installed from the second-floor mechanical room to the roof. Zone 1 is Fire Zone 2.1a, replacement of all Poz-Lok sprinklers and piping within this fire zone is included in the scope of work. Minor areas in Fire Zone 2.2 (zone 2) will have select replacement of Poz-Lok sprinklers and piping as affected by the new construction. This project is to be completed within 490 (four hundred, ninety) calendar days from the executed contract. All work performed shall be fully documented by the Contractor. Construction shall be performed in compliance with manufacturer s recommendations and applicable Codes and VA standards. Provide all construction and safety barriers, temporary dust partitions, temporary gyp.bd. partitions and fire-retardant plastic sheeting as required by VA. Provide walk off mats. Provide submittals and shop drawings to COR for approvals. Perform all work without disruption to Medical Center operations. Normal administrative hours: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Monday thru Friday (Excluding Federal Holidays). Normal working hours shall be between 7:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Authorization to work other than normal working hours will be requested in advance for evaluation and approval by the COR and Contracting. All work performed shall be fully documented by the Contractor. Construction shall be performed in compliance with manufacturer s recommendation and applicable Codes and VA Detroit Building Standards. Provide all construction and safety barriers as required by Detroit VA HCS. Provide submittals for approval. Contractor to order and have all materials and equipment on site before beginning demolition. The Contractor s Project Manager shall have their 30-hour OSHA certificates, and all subcontractors shall have their 10-hour OSHA training certificates. Parking and admission to the work area will be scheduled in the Engineering Admin Office located on the lower level of the Detroit VA HCS. The North American Industry Classification Code (NAICS) for this procurement is 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction with a small business size standard of $45.0 million. Magnitude of cost for this project is Between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed Price Contract within 120 days from bid opening date. This acquisition is a 100% set-aside for qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB). This notice is for informational purposes only and is not a request for submission of offers. No other information regarding scope, dates, etc. is available until issuance of the solicitation via Contract Opportunities at. https://sam.gov. As authorized by FAR 5.102, solicitation dissemination is limited to electronic medium, and the VA will provide no hard copies. The solicitation, consisting of various bid documents, specifications, forms, and drawings will be available for download from the Contract Opportunities website located at https://sam.gov on or about December 29, 2023. Further details of all dates and events, including site visit and bid due date, will be available in the solicitation. Contract Opportunities website is the only official location to obtain solicitation information and documents.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Angelo D Vivio
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Angelo.Vivio@va.gov
  - Phone: 734-845-3802

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b9b28ba7acaf412eb0d939896d79dd27/view