---
layout: default
title: On Premise Limfinity License and FreezerPro On Premise Support License Renewals
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: e8c81c6a6d7d4c43b9737407a88d031f
---

# On Premise Limfinity License and FreezerPro On Premise Support License Renewals

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 22:38:40.387-04
- Solicitation Number: 75N98026Q00175

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation number is 75N98026Q00175 and is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). The solicitation/contract will include all applicable provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01. The North American Industry Classification (NAICS) Code is 513210 and the business size standard is $34m. However, this solicitation is not set aside for totally small business. This acquisition is being conducted using Simplified Acquisition Procedures in accordance with FAR Part 13. The National Institutes of Health (NIH), Office of the Director intends to contract on a sole source basis with Azenta US, Inc. – 2910 Fortune Circle West, Suite E – Indianapolis, IN 46241 to procure the following software licenses renewals: On Premise Limfinity Platform for UDPics for the NIH Undiagnosed Diseases Program (UDP) and FreezerPro On Premise Support as follows: 1. Item# INF-030 - On Premise Limfinity License/Platform for UDP/UDPics Concurrent User Licenses Standard Maintenance and Support Plan Includes : - Email support for the platform - Framework technical support - Access to new Framework releases. OVA file will be provided for minor and major releases - Configuration - support troubleshooting and provide guidance for fixes. Customer responsible for making and applying fixes Period of Performance Dates: June 1, 2026, through May 31, 2027 2. Item# 001-SP-E07 – FreezerPro, on Prem Spt/Renew Support License Period of Performance Dates: July 27, 2026, through July 26, 2027 The Limfinity and FreezerPro are both for the Undiagnosed Diseases Program (UDP) at the NIH. LIMFINITY LICENSE: UDPics is a patient data system for the UDP and requires constant upgrades, hosting and monitoring of the system. Azenta has produced the Limfinity software platform that is designed for the simplification and greater efficiency of laboratory sample, data and process management. Azenta have currently designed a specific Limfinity platform for the UDP called UDPics. This system has created a method of combining all bioinformatics processes that are used in the UDP for laboratory and clinical personnel to work collaboratively and efficiently. The UDP requires further refinement of the UDPics that requires Premium Support Service offered by Azenta that includes a liaison designated for the UDP to perform refinement of UDPics and to rectify any problems that may appear in the system in a timely fashion. The renewal of this LIMfinity UDPics will provide the UDP with a yearly license and support services for the NIH installation of LIMfinity. The LIMfinity UDPics platform will allow for the adding, modifying and supporting the features to UDP that are required by the program. FREEZERPRO LICENSE: The UDP program makes use of a diverse set of diagnostic and research techniques both to attempt to find a diagnosis and to generate research projects to advance medical knowledge. Azenta has developed the FreezerPro Sample Management system as a web-based sample inventory system that the UDP uses to manage a complete biorepository of patient and research laboratory samples within the UDP. FreezerPro,is developed and distributed solely by Azenta Life Sciences and is a laboratory information management system which allows for sample-based inventory management that has been used by the NIH Undiagnosed Diseases Program since 2013. Azenta Life Sciences is the developer and sole provider for both the FreezerPro and Limfinity UDPics applications for the NIH UDP. The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under authority of the 41 U.S.C. 253(c) (1), FAR 6.302. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive quotations. The provision of FAR Clause 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items. The Offeror is to include a completed copy of the provision of FAR clause 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications -Commercial Items, with its offer. The offeror must include their Unique Entity ID (UEI), the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size. Other applicable clauses for this acquisition: 52.203-17 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements—Representation 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors 52.233-3 Protest After Award 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions—Representations and Certifications 52.244-6 - Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Service The clauses are available in full text at http://www.acquisition.gov/far/. Interested vendors capable of furnishing the government with the items specified in this synopsis should submit a copy of their quotation via email to robinsti@mail.nih.gov. Responses to this solicitation must include enough information to establish the interested parties’ bona-fide capabilities of providing all services and or products needed as per this solicitation. Responses must be comprised of descriptive literature, warranties, delivery timeframe and/or other information that demonstrates that the offer meets all the foregoing requirements. Quotations will be due on April 20, 2026, before 9:00 am eastern daylight time via email to robinsti@mail.nih.gov. Attn: Tina Robinson. The quotation must reference “Solicitation number 75N98026Q00175. All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which if timely received, shall be considered by the agency. Any questions must be sent via email to robinsti@mail.nih.gov and must include solicitation number 75N98026Q00175 in the subject line of email. Note: In order to receive an award, contractors must maintain an active SAM registration for all awards throughout the entire contract/order lifecycle, from offer submission to final payment. Failure to maintain an active SAM registration can jeopardize the award or result in non-payment. Lack of valid registration in SAM will make an offeror ineligible for award. Note: “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations, including 52.223-22, Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals— Representation, and paragraph (t) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Agencies will not consider or use these representations. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: ROBINSON, TINA
  - Email: robinsti@mail.nih.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e8c81c6a6d7d4c43b9737407a88d031f/view)