---
layout: default
title: Data Management and Analysis Support
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 20bb9a93dc904683b2e5e552e225d5e1
---

# Data Management and Analysis Support

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 15:08:13.754-04
- Solicitation Number: PCA-NIA-00789

## Summary

PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE – Notice of Intent to Sole Source SOLICITATION NUMBER: PCA-NIA-00789 TITLE: Data management and analysis support: LEPS. RESPONSE DATE: March 21, at 3:00 pm EST. PRIMARY POINT OF CONTACT: John Johnson johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov Phone: 667-312-5580 INTRODUCTION: THIS IS A PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE (NOTICE OF INTENT) SYNOPSIS TO AWARD A CONTRACT WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME). The National Institute on Aging (NIA) intends to negotiate and award a purchase order without providing for full and open competition to BEDAY, LLC. The purpose of this acquisition will be to provide the National Institute on Aging (NIA) with an immediate need to acquire a dedicated data manager/analyst to support completion of ongoing manuscripts and preparation of analysis-ready datasets for both intramural and extramural researchers. NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE and SET ASIDE STATUS NAICS code 541618 - Other Management Consulting Services with a business size standard classification of $ $19,000,000. This acquisition is set aside for small businesses. REGULATORY AUTHORITY The resultant contract will include all applicable provisions and clauses in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-01 dated 11-12-2024. This acquisition is conducted under the procedures prescribed in FAR subpart 13. Simplified Acquisition Procedures and FAR subpart 12—Acquisition of Commercial Items at an amount exceeding the SAT, and not exceeding $7 million. STATUTORY AUTHORITY This acquisition is for a commercial item or service and is conducted under the authority of the FAR Subpart 13—Simplified Procedures for Commercial Items and the statutory authority of [specify the applicable authority: (1) FAR 6.302-1—Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements 41 U.S.C. 3304 (a)(1). DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT: PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES: The Laboratory of Epidemiology and Population Sciences (LEPS) at the National Institute on Aging (NIA) requires a data manager/analyst to complete on-going manuscripts and prepare datasets for external contractors. LEPS possesses thousands of complex and large data files that require proper reorganization, archiving, merging, management, documentation, statistical analyses and graphical presentations using PowerPoint, R, Excel, or SAS for scientific publications. Under this contract, the contractor shall independently provide support services to satisfy specific data management and analysis objectives of the Laboratory of Epidemiology and Population Sciences, Intramural Research Program, National Institute on Aging. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: NIAA anticipates a firm fixed price purchase order. This requirement shall consist of a 12-month base period and (1) 12-month option period. The estimated period of performance shall be as follows: Base Period: 4/1/2026 – 9/30/2026 Option Period 1: 10/1/2026 – 3/31/2027 PROJECT REQUIREMENTS: The contractor must demonstrate advanced experience managing and analyzing large, multi-wave longitudinal epidemiologic datasets focused on aging and dementia. Datasets consist of multi-exam cohort data with imaging, cognitive, clinical, and biomarker components across multiple studies, including, but not limited to, CARDIA, AGES-RS, AGES-Offspring, HAAS, ACCORD-MIND. Contractor must demonstrate prior experience restructuring, harmonizing and merging complex datasets across exam cycles and data modalities from multiple studies. Specifically, the contractor shall: Independently complete data access requests and downloads from large longitudinal cohort studies and research consortia, including preparation of required documentation, compliance with Data Use Agreements (DUAs), and adherence to secure data transfer and storage procedures. Navigate cohort data access systems (e.g., NIH-supported repositories, imaging repositories, study-specific portals), including variable selection, documentation of data provenance, and harmonization across exam waves. Organize, catalog, version-control, and integrate externally obtained datasets into structured, analysis-ready longitudinal datasets. Create derived variables and annotate statistical analysis programs using reproducible workflows. Archive, document, and protect data, consistent with federal data governance standards. Maintain detailed documentation logs of data acquisition, cleaning, harmonization, and analytic workflows. For large consortia studies, create/send datasets, and analyze data according to approved standardized protocols. Conduct descriptive analyses, regression modeling, sensitivity analyses, and reproducibility checks. Under supervision of Senior Investigator or Staff Scientist, execute advanced statistical analyses and propose analytic strategies for longitudinal aging studies, including longitudinal mixed-effects modeling, generalized estimating equations, survival analysis, multilevel regression, and harmonization across cohort studies. Prepare publication-ready analytic datasets and statistical methods summaries suitable for manuscript submission. Participate in meetings and conference calls with investigators, contractors, and collaborators to resolve data management and analytic issues. Data linkage Heart Score - Merge data from the Univ Pittsburgh to include multiple MRI/PET files with observational longitudinal data, create longitudinal datasets. Sardinia AD case-control and prospective cohort– real-time monitoring of data transmission – preparation of analytical datasets and creation of datasets for new studies. CONTRACTING WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME) DETERMINATION The determination by the Government to award a contract without providing for full and open competition is based upon the market research conducted. Specifically, BEDAY, LLC. is the only vendor in the marketplace that can provide the services required by NIA. In accordance with FAR part 10, extensive market research was conducted to reach this determination. Additionally, contacts with knowledgeable individuals both in industry and Government, as well as reviews of available product literature, revealed no other sources. Finally, a review of the GSA Advantage, Dynamic Small Business Search, and previous government acquisitions returned no results that meet all of the requirements. Therefore, only BEDAY, LLC. is capable of meeting the needs of this requirement. The intended source is: BeDay, LLC 20420 Davencroft Ct Gaithersburg, MD, 20886-4379 CLOSING STATEMENT THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE PROPOSALS. However, interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to this notice. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency. The information received will normally be considered solely for the purposes of determining whether to proceed on a non-competitive basis or to conduct a competitive procurement. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. Responses to this notice shall contain sufficient information to establish the interested parties' bona-fide capabilities for fulfilling the requirement and include: unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, the delivery period after contract award, the prompt payment discount terms, the F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), the Dun & Bradstreet Number (DUNS), the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. All responses must be received by the closing date and time of this announcement and must reference the solicitation number, PCA-NIA-00789. Responses must be submitted electronically to John Johnson, Contract Specialist at johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov. .

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: john johnson
  - Email: johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov
  - Phone: 6673125580

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/20bb9a93dc904683b2e5e552e225d5e1/view)