---
layout: default
title: Lease of Office Space in Multiple Cities, Missouri - Request for Lease Proposals (RLP) #25REG06 - Office Space
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 7e25fdf5903d4bc9a08fe520d18240e5
---

# Lease of Office Space in Multiple Cities, Missouri - Request for Lease Proposals (RLP) #25REG06 - Office Space

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 14:00:36.835-04
- Solicitation Number: 6MO0265

## Summary

This advertisement is hereby incorporated into the Request for Lease Proposal (RLP) #25REG06 by way of reference as an RLP attachment. The RLP can be found by visiting: https://leasing.gsa.gov/leasing/s/Offer-Resources The U.S. Government is seeking competitive lease proposals for new and/or continuing leasing opportunities through its online Leasing Portal. City: Multiple State: Missouri Delineated Area (See Delineated Area Map Attached): 1. From SR-291/I-35 interchange; North on I-35; East on US-65; South on Stockdale Road; East on SR-H; South on SR-EE; West on SR-210; South on SR-29; East on US-24; South on SR-7; West on US-50; North on I-470; West on US-40; North on Sterling Avenue; West on SR-78; North on S. Arlington Avenue; East on US-24; North on S. Cedar Avenue; East on Norledge Avenue; North on S. Sterling Avenue; East on Kentucky Road; North on SR-291 Minimum ABOA Square Feet: 3,454 Maximum ABOA Square Feet: 3,627 Space Type: Office Parking: Official Government Vehicles: 2 reserved Visitors: Required available spaces per local code Lease Term: 15 years, 13 years firm Offerors are encouraged to submit rates for all terms available in the AAAP for consideration against future GSA requirements. Amortization Term: 8 years for both Tenant Improvements and Building Specific Amortized Capital. AGENCY UNIQUE REQUIREMENTS Tenant Improvement Allowance: $52.29 per ABOA SF Building Specific Amortized Capital (BSAC): $12.00 per ABOA SF Space Breakdown: Minimum of 3,454 ABOA SF consisting of: Office Space (1,817 ABOA for 8 Private offices and 10 Workstations) Training room (315 ABOA) Conference room (420 ABOA) Reception area (90 ABOA) Secure Evidence room (112 ABOA) File Room (140 ABOA) Printer/Copier/Fax/Mail Room (105 ABOA) Storage Room (140 ABOA) Break Room (210 ABOA Server Room (105 ABOA) Facility Security Level (FSL): II Space Condition: The Government is seeking move-in ready / second-generation office space requiring minimal construction. This is intended to reduce TI cost impact and support the required post award schedule. Minimal tenant improvements meaning the offered space has an existing office build-out and building systems in place, and the anticipated work is primarily interior improvements (e.g reconfiguration of non-structural partitions, finishes, limited MEP adjustments and device relocations, and associated fire/life safety modifications as needed). The Government anticipates some construction will be necessary; however, offerors must demonstrate the ability to meet the required Post-Award Schedule to be considered technically eligible for award and as, this is a low price, technically acceptable procurement, the final evaluated price will determine the intended awardee among technically eligible offers. Post Award Schedule: The Government’s required post-award deliverables and timeframes are set forth in ‘Post Award Schedule’ attachment to this solicitation. An offeror's ability to meet the post award schedule requirements is material to this procurement. Submittal Requirements: The Government will evaluate these items for schedule compliance/feasibility as part of technical acceptability. Schedule Feasibility Narrative: As part of the offer, please include a narrative explaining the offeror’s assumptions, resourcing and approach for meeting each ‘Lessor Provided’ post-award deliverable timeframe in the Post Award schedule, including (as applicable) long-lead items, A/E coordination, permitting/approvals strategy, QA/QC reviews and internal review/approval cycles. The narrative must identify key risks and the offeror’s mitigation actions. The narrative must identify any anticipated scope items beyond minor reconfiguration/finishes and limited MEP device relocations that could impact the critical path or the Post Award Schedule timeframes and explain how the schedule time frames will still be met. Evidence of Capability: If identified as the Apparent Successful Offeror, the offeror must submit the following items in addition to those required by Section 3.06 of the RLP prior to award. Identification of A/E and at least two General Contractors that will participate in the bidding process (or if not yet under contract, a firm plan for engagement and a letter of commit-ment from the proposed firm(s). To be found technically acceptable, the offeror must take no exception to the Post Award Schedule deliverables and timeframes and submit the two items identified above in a manner that provides a credible basis to conclude the Offeror can meet the required deliverable timeframes within the contracting officer’s sole discretion. Failure to submit these items or submission that is materially incomplete/conditional, may result in a finding of “Technically Unacceptable.” Furniture: The Government will accept offered space that includes existing systems furniture and furnishings (e.g workstations, private office furnishings, conference tables and chairs) for Government use to help support timely occupancy, at no additional cost to the Government. Furniture is not a requirement of technical acceptability and will not be evaluated for award. Offers that do not include furniture remain fully eligible. Condition Standard: Any furniture offered must be clean and in good working order with no significant defects, and available for Government use by occupancy as determined in the Government’s sole discretion. Furniture offered is subject to Government inspection at turnover/occupancy. If the Government will not accept the offered furniture, the Lessor bears the cost to remove it. HOW TO OFFER The Leasing Portal (https://leasing.gsa.gov) enables interested parties to offer space to the Federal Government through a secure, web-based process. To participate, register on the site by selecting “Register to Offer Space” and follow the instructions provided. Helpful resources—including instructional guides and video tutorials—are available on the portal under the Resources tab. The Open Period runs from the 1st through the 7th of each month, ending at 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time unless otherwise stated by the Government and unless the 7th falls on a weekend or Federal Holiday. If the 7th falls on a weekend or Federal Holiday, the Open Period will end at 8:00 PM (ET) on the next business day. No submissions are accepted during the Closed Period. During an Open Period, users may submit new offers, or modify or withdraw existing ones. Lease awards will be made to the lowest-priced, technically acceptable offer without negotiations. Offered space must comply with all applicable Federal, State, and Local jurisdiction requirements, including standards for fire and life safety, accessibility, seismic resilience, and energy efficiency. OFFER SUBMISSION DEADLINE Offers must be submitted no later than May 7, 2026 (closes at 8:00PM EST) Please include the following deliverables with your offer: Photos of offered space PDF and CAD floor plan of offered space Proof of authorization to represent the owner, or proof of ownership or control, as applicable IMPORTANT NOTES Check the attachments and links section of this notice for possible, additional project-specific requirements or modifications to the RLP. Please review Section 889 of the FY19 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) regarding telecommunications equipment restrictions: https://acquisition.gov/FAR-Case-2019-009/889_Part_B SAM registration should be initiated as soon as possible. Refer to RLP Clause 3.06, Item 6. Lease awards will be made without negotiations to the lowest-priced, technically acceptable offer, based on RLP criteria. Subleases will not be considered.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Susan Baghdikian
  - Email: Susan.baghdikian@gsa.gov
  - Phone: 2139233918

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this solicitation. An offeror"s ability to meet the post award schedule requirements is material to this procurement. Submittal Requirements: The Government will evaluate these items for schedule compliance/feasibility as part of technical acceptability. Schedule Feasibility Narrative: As part of the offer, please include a narrative explaining the offeror’s assumptions, resourcing and approach for meeting each ‘Lessor Provided’ post-award deliverable timeframe in the Post Award schedule, including (as applicable) long-lead items, A/E coordination, permitting/approvals strategy, QA/QC reviews and internal review/approval cycles. The narrative must identify key risks and the offeror’s mitigation actions. The narrative must identify any anticipated scope items beyond minor reconfiguration/finishes and limited MEP device relocations that could impact the critical path or the Post Award Schedule timeframes and explain how the schedule time frames will still be met. Evidence of Capability: If identified as the Apparent Successful Offeror, the offeror must submit the following items in addition to those required by Section 3.06 of the RLP prior to award. Identification of A/E and at least two General Contractors that will participate in the bidding process (or if not yet under contract, a firm plan for engagement and a letter of commit-ment from the proposed firm(s). To be found technically acceptable, the offeror must take no exception to the Post Award Schedule deliverables and timeframes and submit the two items identified above in a manner that provides a credible basis to conclude the Offeror can meet the required deliverable timeframes within the contracting officer’s sole discretion. Failure to submit these items or submission that is materially incomplete/conditional, may result in a finding of “Technically Unacceptable.” Furniture: The Government will accept offered space that includes existing systems furniture and furnishings (e.g workstations, private office furnishings, conference tables and chairs) for Government use to help support timely occupancy, at no additional cost to the Government. Furniture is not a requirement of technical acceptability and will not be evaluated for award. Offers that do not include furniture remain fully eligible. Condition Standard: Any furniture offered must be clean and in good working order with no significant defects, and available for Government use by occupancy as determined in the Government’s sole discretion. Furniture offered is subject to Government inspection at turnover/occupancy. If the Government will not accept the offered furniture, the Lessor bears the cost to remove it. HOW TO OFFER The Leasing Portal (https://leasing.gsa.gov) enables interested parties to offer space to the Federal Government through a secure, web-based process. To participate, register on the site by selecting “Register to Offer Space” and follow the instructions provided. Helpful resources—including instructional guides and video tutorials—are available on the portal under the Resources tab. The Open Period runs from the 1st through the 7th of each month, ending at 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time unless otherwise stated by the Government and unless the 7th falls on a weekend or Federal Holiday. If the 7th falls on a weekend or Federal Holiday, the Open Period will end at 8:00 PM (ET) on the next business day. No submissions are accepted during the Closed Period. During an Open Period, users may submit new offers, or modify or withdraw existing ones. Lease awards will be made to the lowest-priced, technically acceptable offer without negotiations. Offered space must comply with all applicable Federal, State, and Local jurisdiction requirements, including standards for fire and life safety, accessibility, seismic resilience, and energy efficiency. OFFER SUBMISSION DEADLINE Offers must be submitted no later than May 7, 2026 (closes at 8:00PM EST) Please include the following deliverables with your offer: Photos of offered space PDF and CAD floor plan of offered space Proof of authorization to represent the owner, or proof of ownership or control, as applicable IMPORTANT NOTES Check the attachments and links section of this notice for possible, additional project-specific requirements or modifications to the RLP. Please review Section 889 of the FY19 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) regarding telecommunications equipment restrictions: https://acquisition.gov/FAR-Case-2019-009/889_Part_B SAM registration should be initiated as soon as possible. Refer to RLP Clause 3.06, Item 6. Lease awards will be made without negotiations to the lowest-priced, technically acceptable offer, based on RLP criteria. Subleases will not be considered

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7e25fdf5903d4bc9a08fe520d18240e5/view)