---
layout: default
title: 66--PROVIDE TA TOTAL OF TWO (2) SONTEK CASTAWAY-CTD
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 6eda90ea47454f95b2e1715b6ad2ff1e
---

# 66--PROVIDE TA TOTAL OF TWO (2) SONTEK CASTAWAY-CTD

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 13:38:24.635-04
- Solicitation Number: 1333MK26Q0056

## Summary

Amendment 0001 to solicitation 1333MK26Q0056 is for the following: Provide Answers to questions from Vendors: Q1. Do you need just the handheld or an entire system (handheld, probe, and rod)? A1. Entire system, should include CastAway-CTD: Conductivity, Temperature, and Depth instrument castable to depths up to 100m. Features built-in LCD display, Bluetooth communications, and internal GPS. Outputs sound speed, salinity, conductivity, temperature, depth, time and position. Includes CTD and jacket, two stylus pens with lanyard plus spare/backup stylus, (4) AA batteries, Bluetooth adaptor, (2) carabiners, 15-m casting line, USB flash drive with CastAway Windows software and documentation, Quick Start Guide, and hard plastic shipping case. Q2. Is this for research, for regulatory compliance, or for some other reason? A2. Research and operational data collection to support scientific missions. Q3. Do you measure in English or metric units? (The FlowTracker 2 can measure in either, but the wading rod is graduated in one system or the other.) A3. Metric please. Q4. Do you have previous experience with discharge measurements? (If not, that’s completely fine; we’ve got a suite of videos to help you be successful quickly with the FlowTracker 2.) A4. No, thank you, the team has used these previously. All of the other terms and conditions remain the same. End of Amendment 0001 THIS IS A COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FORMAT IN FAR SUBPART 12.6, AS SUPPLEMENTED WITH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION; QUOTES ARE BEING REQUESTED AND A WRITTEN SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE ISSUED. THIS SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION 1333MK26Q0056 CONSTITUTES A REQUEST FOR QUOTATION (RFQ) AND INCORPORATES PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES IN EFFECT THROUGH FEDERAL ACQUISITION CIRCULAR 2026-01. THE NATIONAL OCEANIC ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION (NOAA), OFFICE OF MARINE & AVIATION OPERATIONS (OMAO), REQUIRES A TOTAL OF TWO (2) SONTEK CASTAWAY-CTD: PN: CA-CTD SHIPPING SHALL BE INCLUDED IN THE PRICE. CLIN DESCRIPTION QUANTITY UNIT PRICE TOTAL PRICE 0001 PROVIDE TWO (2) SONTEK CASTAWAY-CTD: PN: CA-CTD TO NOAA, OMAO, NOAA SHIP THOMAS JEFFERSON **SHIPPING SHALL BE INCLUDED IN THE PRICE**. DELIVERY TO: COAST GUARD STATION CLEVELAND NOAA SHIP THOMAS JEFFERSON ATTN: OPERATIONS OFFICER, 1055 E 9TH ST CLEVELAND, OH 44114 REQUESTING DELIVERY ASAP THE GOVERNMENT WILL AWARD A FIRM FIXED PRICE CONTRACT BASED ON BEST VALUE TO THE GOVERNMENT: 1. AUTHORIZED DEALER/ VENDOR/DISTRIBUTOR/ 2. AVAILABILITY/DELIVERY FROM AFTER RECEIVE OF ORDER (ARO), AND 3. PRICE. THIS ACQUISITION IS A 100% SMALL BUSINESS SET ASIDE UNDER THE NAICS CODE 334513, INSTRUMENTS AND RELATED PRODUCTS MANUFACTURING FOR MEASURING, DISPLAYING, AND CONTROLLING INDUSTRIAL PROCESS VARIABLES AND THE PRODUCT SERVICE CODE IS 6655. PLEASE REVIEW THE ATTACHED RFQ 1333MK26Q0056 AND PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION WITH YOUR OFFER, FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTATION MAY BE EXCLUDED FROM CONSIDERATION. 1) PLEASE PROVIDE NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER. 2) PLEASE PROVIDE 1ST PAGE OF THE VENDORS SAM REGISTRATION THAT INCLUDES UEI NUMBER, CAGE # ENSURE IT IS UP TO DATE. 3) AN ITEMIZED/DETAIL BREAKDOWN COST OF THE QUOTE THAT WILL REFLECT THE ENTIRE PRICE UNDER THIS RFQ. (INCLUDING SHIPPING/FREIGHT, ETC.). 4) ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF SOLICITATION AMENDMENTS (SF-30) IF ANY. 5) INCLUDE STATEMENT SPECIFYING THE EXTENT OF AGREEMENT WITH ALL THE TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND PROVISION INCLUDED IN THIS RFQ. QUOTES THAT REJECT THE GOVERNMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS ON THIS SOLICITATION MAY BE EXCLUDED FROM CONSIDERATION. 6) VENDOR SHALL BE EITHER THE MANUFACTURER, DISTRIBUTOR OR AN AUTHORIZED DEALER/ RESELLER FROM THE ACTUAL MANUFACTURER, NO THIRD-PARTY VENDOR IS AUTHORIZED OTHER THAN WHAT IS MENTION ABOVE. 7) VENDOR SHALL PROVIDE PROOF OF THE ABOVE AS AN ATTACHMENT. 8) FOR VERIFICATION PURPOSES PLEASE SUMMARIZE ALL THE PROPOSED PRODUCTS ON THE VENDOR’S LETTERHEAD THIS MUST CLEARLY CONVEY PER THE GOVERNMENT STATEMENT OF NEED. 9) VENDOR SHALL ALSO INCLUDE PRODUCT AVAILABILITY AND DELIVERY FROM AFTER RECEIVE OF PURCHASE ORDER. 10) VENDOR SHALL PROVIDE MANUFACTURE DOCUMENTATION/ DATA SHEET OF THE ACTUAL PROPOSED PRODUCT WITH THE DESCRIPTIONS WHERE THE PROPOSED PRODUCT CLEARLY MEETS THE SPECIFICATION ON THE STATEMENT OF NEED. ALL RESPONSIBLE SOURCES MAY SUBMIT A QUOTATION WHICH SHALL BE CONSIDERED BY THE AGENCY. QUOTES MUST BE SUBMITTED VIA ELECTRONIC MEANS (EMAIL) NO LATER THAN APRIL 21, 2026, AT 5:00 PM EASTERN TIME (ET). TO ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV. THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR NON-RECEIPT OF EMAIL. IT IS THE CONTRACTOR’S RESPONSIBILITY TO REQUEST A CONFIRMATION OF THE EMAIL RECEIPT. ALL QUESTIONS MUST BE SUBMITTED IN WRITING TO ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV BY, APRIL 17, 2026 AT 12:00 P.M. ET. TELEPHONE INQUIRIES WILL NOT BE HONORED. CONTRACTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO REGISTER WITH THE HTTPS:// BETA.SAM.GOV/VENDOR NOTIFICATION SERVICE AS WELL AS THE INTERESTED VENDORS LIST FOR THIS ACQUISITION (SEE APPLICABLE TAB WITHIN HTTPS://BETA.SAM.GOV WHERE THIS SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION IS POSTED). QUOTERS MUST BE REGISTERED IN THE SAM DATABASE TO BE CONSIDERED FOR AWARD. REGISTRATION IS FREE AND CAN BE COMPLETED ON-LINE AT HTTPS://BETA.SAM.GOV/. FOR CLAUSES AND PROVISION, PLEASE SEE ATTACHED SF1449 RFQ#: 1333MK26Q0056.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: CANCELA, ALEXANDER
  - Email: ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6eda90ea47454f95b2e1715b6ad2ff1e/view)