---
layout: default
title: Y--DOI - CART - Flagpole Replacement at 2 Locations
agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 5d44034b005d471a86d2e0dfdfb38c44
---

# Y--DOI - CART - Flagpole Replacement at 2 Locations

- Agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 18:15:10.003-04
- Solicitation Number: 140P4226R0009

## Summary

The Department of the Interior (DOI) - Critical Acquisition Response Team (CART), on behalf of the National Park Service (NPS) has a requirement for Fort Washington Park (FOWA) and Fort McHenry National Monument & Historic Shrine (FOMC) for the replacement of historic wooden flagpoles at each location. GENERAL: This is a NEW requirement for both locations. This is a PRE-SOLICITATION NOTICE only and does not constitute a solicitation; accordingly, no response is due at this time. No questions nor phone calls will be accepted about this pre-solicitation notice. All questions and phone calls will be addressed after the solicitation is posted through official amendments. Specific instructions on submitting proposals will be contained in the solicitation documents. It is anticipated that the solicitation will be issued sometime on or after April 6, 2026! The entire solicitation package, including all attachments, will be available electronically through SAM.gov only. Paper copies of this solicitation are not and will not be made available. Note when the solicitation is issued, it will be issued with less than thirty days to response, so quick turnaround should be anticipated when it is issued. Only one award will be made from the single solicitation. Anyone wishing to participate in this proposed procurement must obtain their copy from SAM.gov | Home. Copies will not be mailed from the Contracting Office. All amendments will be posted on SAM.gov | Home. Contractors will be solely responsible for obtaining amendments from this site to update files. PROJECT SCOPE: The general scope of work includes: General Requirements for each location are as follows: A. Fort Washington Park (FOWA) Project Replace the reproduction wooden flagpole at FOWA that collapsed in 2021 with a new replica timber flagpole, including all associated mechanisms and lines, and engineering and construction of a new concrete foundation and sleeve. This project must be completed first as stated in Period of Performance below. B. Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine (FOMC) (Subject to Availability of Funding) Note: This portion of the project is not currently funded but will be funded based on pricing received for base item and/or optional item at time of award. Replace the existing wooden flagpole at FOWA, which includes: Base Item: 1. Supply all shoring and protection necessary to protect the building areas, building systems and landscape areas. Supply all necessary chutes, disposal facilities, transportation and labor necessary to dispose of all removed materials, dirt, and debris off-site in a legal dumping area. 2. Remove existing flagpole and platform. 3. Install new flagpole complete with primed and painted wood poles, cross tees, ring bands, reset in existing foundation, anchor rods, guy wires, lightning protection, and miscellaneous hardware. Items to be reused to the greatest extend possible include, but are not limited to: - Main spar ring band - Spar upper bands and ears - Main mast upper split ring - Main mast lower band and ears - Copper sleeves. 4. Install new wood platform decking and handrails. Optional Item 1. Remove and replace steel foundation casing and surrounding concrete. 2. Remove and replace platform posts as required to facilitate steel foundation casing and surrounding concrete replacement. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: Fort Washington Park (FOWA) Project - Must be delivered and installed with all equipment removed, restoration work completed and clean up no later than Friday, June 12, 2026. This is mandatory, because FOWA is part of a larger 250 America Celebration with multiple 4th of July Events. Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine (FOMC) - Must be delivered and installed with all equipment removed, restoration work completed and clean up no later than Friday, August 21, 2026. Project submittals for both projects shall begin immediately after award. And all work shall be completed as stated above. Notice to Proceed will be issued with the award. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Fort Washington Park (FOWA) 13551 Fort Washington Road Fort Washington, MD 20744 & Fort McHenry National Monument and Historic Shrine (FOMC) 2400 East Fort Avenue Baltimore, MD 21230 PROCUREMENT TYPE: The solicitation and resulting award will be conducted under FAR Part 15 - using Lowest Price Technically Acceptable under FAR 15.101-2, and FAR 36 - Construction and Architect-Engineering Contracts. The Government will issue a single firm fixed price contract in accordance with FAR 16.2. SET-ASIDE: This acquisition will be a 100% Small Business. Offers will only be accepted from small business concerns. Offers received from concerns that are not small business concerns shall be considered nonresponsive and will be rejected. NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE AND SMALL BUSINESS SIZE STANDARD: The NAICS code for this project is 238990 - All other Specialty Trade Contractors and the small business size standard is $19.0. Pre-Proposal Meeting are not scheduled at the time of the pre-solicitation announcement; however, if one is added they will be at the two (2) locations independently, and no guarantee they will be on the same day. If they are scheduled for the same day, the Government will do its best to ensure there will be enough time in between to travel to both locations. The solicitation will include significant information, including detailed drawings, photos and some photos for each location. Do not assume the work is the same in both locations. NOTE 1: All prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at http://www.sam/gov/ before award of contract; failure to register in the SAM database shall cause your firm to be ineligible for the award and removed from consideration. NOTE 2: As required by the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 and the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (7 U.S.C. 8102(c)(3)), the offeror certifies, by signing this offer, that biobased products (within categories of products listed by the United States Department of Agriculture in 7 CFR part 2902, subpart B) to be used or delivered in the performance of the contract, other than biobased products that are not purchased by the offeror as a direct result of this contract, will comply with the applicable specifications or other contractual requirements.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: McCabe, Brian
  - Email: brian_mccabe@ios.doi.gov
  - Phone: 2023397772

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5d44034b005d471a86d2e0dfdfb38c44/view)