---
layout: default
title: CH-53 Depot Level Aircraft Modifications
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 88e057fb927740a5a640d61280b6f0a1
---

# CH-53 Depot Level Aircraft Modifications

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-23 10:52:52.111-04
- Solicitation Number: N00019-26-RFPREQ-APM261-0058

## Summary

Disclaimer THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. Introduction The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR), in support of PMA-261 Heavy Lift Helicopters Program Office is seeking sources that have the skills, experience and facilities required to successfully provide installation and material support of CH-53E/K Depot Level Aircraft Modifications. Taskings may include conducting Depot Level A-Kit installations, fabrication of kits to support recurring, non-recurring and prototype aircraft modifications in accordance with Engineering Changes to aircraft designated by the H-53 Program Office, PMA-261. All work will be conducted at Government-owned CONUS and OCONUS locations. THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. It is a market research tool being used to determine potential and eligible businesses capable of providing the services described herein prior to determining the method of acquisition and issuance of a Request for Proposal. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information received from potential sources as a result of this notice. Background PMA-261 is responsible for providing H-53 Heavy Lift aircraft that are capable, reliable and supportable to the fleet in support of operational missions and objectives. A primary element in meeting this responsibility is by integrating the CH-53E/K aircraft with up-to-date warfighting capabilities, safety enhancements and reliability improvements through Depot Level aircraft modifications. Anticipated Period of Performance The contract is intended to satisfy Government requirements for FY27 through FY31. Anticipated Contract Type The contract type is anticipated to be Cost-Plus Fixed Fee, Firm-Fixed Price, Time & Materials. Required Capabilities The specific requirement under this sources sought notice is to provide highly capable and experienced Depot Level artisans to inspect, disassemble, modify, assemble, perform post-inspection, operational checks (if required) and document aircraft modifications of CH-53E/K aircraft in accordance with applicable Technical Directives. Primary sites for aircraft modifications will be MCAS Miramar and MCAS New River but will also occasionally require modifications at Government-owned CONUS and OCONUS (e.g. MCAS Futenma, Japan) locations. In addition, the contractor shall have the ability to produce and deliver aircraft retrofit A-Kits to support the fielding of aircraft modifications. The tasking includes maintenance and supply support in compliance with COMNAVAIRFORINST 4790.2 series, DCMA 8210 and H-53 Maintenance Instruction Manual procedures with management and performance of the following services: Incorporate aircraft modifications Produce and deliver aircraft retrofit A-Kits Organization Level maintenance (Scheduled and Unscheduled) Prospective offerors MUST: Be able to stand-up aircraft modification capabilities to support aircraft inductions to conduct the above services within thirty (30) days after contract award. Eligibility The applicable NAICS code is 336411 with a Small Business Size standard of 1,500 employees. The Product Service Code (PSC) is K015. Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size. Incumbent This is a follow-on requirement. The incumbent contractor is: Adams Communication & Engineering Technology, Inc. (ACET) N0001923D0009 Submission Details All responsible sources are encouraged to submit a capability statement that addresses their ability to perform the full range of services described above at the Platform level at their own organic facilities and other locations. It is requested that interested businesses submit to the contracting office a brief capabilities statement package (no more than 10 pages in length, single-spaced, 12 point font minimum) demonstrating ability to perform the service listed under the required capabilities. This documentation must address at a minimum the following: Company Name; Company Address; Company Business Size, and Point-of Contact (POC) name, phone number, fax number, and e-mail address. Company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history from the last five years, office location(s), UEI, and a statement regarding current small/large business status; Answers to the following questions, providing details, including contract numbers and any government POCs with current telephone number(s) to demonstrate the experience claimed: Describe your experience (in the last 5 years) in providing rotary wing aircraft Depot Level Modifications. Describe your experience with maintaining aircraft in accordance with the COMNAVAIRFORINST

4790.2 Series. Describe and quantify your ability to meet the required timeline from Task Order/Contract Award to aircraft induction for a CH-53E/K aircraft level modification event. List any external dependencies or GFE requirements to meet that timeline. Describe your experience/capabilities in performing maintenance and modification work concurrently on C/MH-53E series aircraft or similar airframes. Describe your production experience/capabilities, engineering capabilities and internal processes in producing and delivering aircraft retrofit A-Kits CH-53E/K series aircraft or similar airframes. List any industry certifications of your processes. Describe your capability or existing agreements for access to technical data to include engineering/repair data for CH-53E/K aircraft and components. If your company intends to team with a qualified subcontractor, please provide an explanation of your company’s ability to perform at least 50% of the tasking with similarly situated entities. Please note that under a Small-Business Set-Aside (KRACEn MAC is a small business set-aside), in accordance with FAR 52.219-14 deviation 2019-O0003, the Offeror/Contractor agrees in performance of the Task Order in the case of a contract for Services (except construction), it will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Your response to this Sources Sought, including any capabilities statement, shall be electronically submitted via email to Jamie Schoemaker (Jamie.L.Schoemaker.civ@us.navy.mil) and Charles Johnson (charles.w.johnson6.civ@us.navy.mil), in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF). The deadline for response to this request is 5:00 p.m., Eastern Standard Time, 13 May 2026. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be protected from any release outside the Government. Information and materials submitted in response to this request WILL NOT be returned. Classified material SHALL NOT be submitted. No phone calls will be accepted. All questions must be submitted via email. The Government is not committed nor obligated to pay for the information provided, and no basis for claims against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to these Sources Sought.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Charles Johnson
  - Email: Charles.w.johnson6@navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jamie Schoemaker
  - Email: jamie.l.schoemaker.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/88e057fb927740a5a640d61280b6f0a1/view)