---
layout: default
title: SPRRA226R0061 PATRIOT SPARES – LOCKHEED MARTIN SOLE SOURCE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 4cb6772b07084090a4d5e1586b9f7f3e
---

# SPRRA226R0061 PATRIOT SPARES – LOCKHEED MARTIN SOLE SOURCE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-26 09:44:14.271-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRRA226R0061

## Summary

HEADER INFORMATION RELATED NOTICE: SPRRA26R0061 TITLE: SPRRA226R0061 PATRIOT SPARES – LOCKHEED MARTIN SOLE SOURCE NOTICE ID: SPRRA226R0061 FEDERAL ORGANIZATION: SPRRA2 DLA WEAPONS SUPPORT AT HUNTSVILLE, AL GENERAL INFORMATION CONTRACT OPPORTUNITY TYPE: SOURCES SOUGHT RESPONSE DATE: 30 MARCH 2026 TIME ZONE: (UTC-0500) CENTRAL STANDARD TIME, CHICAGO INACTIVE POLICY: X – 3 DAYS AFTER RESPONSE DATE INITIATIVE: NONE DO YOU WANT TO ENABLE AN INTERESTED VENDORS LIST FOR THIS NOTICE? NO DO YOU WANT TO ALLOW OTHER VENDORS TO VIEW THE INTERESTED VENDORS LIST? NO CLASSIFICATION ORIGINAL/UPDATED SET ASIDE: X-BLANK PRODUCT SERVICE CODE: SEE TABLE BELOW NAICS CODE: 334412 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE LOCATION: X-BLANK DESCRIPTION: THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. REQUEST FOR A SOLICITATION WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE. THIS SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS (SSS) IS IN SUPPORT OF MARKET RESEARCH BEING CONDUCTED BY THE DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY, REDSTONE ARSENAL, ALABAMA TO IDENTIFY POTENTIAL MANUFACTURING/SUPPLY SOURCES, AND IF FUTURE EFFORTS CAN BE COMPETITIVE OR SET ASIDE FOR SMALL BUSINESS. THE PROPOSED NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEMS (NAICS) CODE AND THE CORRESPONDING SIZE STANDARD OF EMPLOYEES IS LISTED IN THE TABLE BELOW. THE GOVERNMENT IS SEEKING QUALIFIED SOURCES FOR THE ACQUISITION OF SPARE MISSILE PART(S) TO ADD TO THE LOCKHEED MARTIN CAPTAIN OF INDUSTRIES (COI) SUPPLIER CAPABILITY CONTRACT (SCC) SPE4AX22D9000’S FIRM-FIXED PRICE, INDEFINITE DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS TYPE SUBSUMABLE SPRRA224D0011 FOR THE PATRIOT WEAPON SYSTEM IN SUPPORT OF THE US ARMY AVIATION AND MISSILE LIFE CYCLE MANAGEMENT COMMAND (AMCOM). THE REQUIREMENT WILL BE FOR A TOTAL OF ONE (1) YEAR PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE FOR THE FOLLOWING ITEM(S). NAICS/SIZE: 334412/750, AMRC: 4P ITEM(S). NOUN: PRINTED WIRING, NSN: 5998-01-728-8090, PART# 13508610 NAICS/SIZE: 335311/800, AMRC: 3C ITEM(S). NOUN: CABLE ASSEMBLY, NSN: 6150-01-531-5491, PART# 13506037-5 NOUN: CABLE ASSEMBLY, NSN: 6150-01-444-5564, PART# 13507224 ITEMS ASSIGNED AMC/AMSC CODES 4P, REQUIRE THE GOVERNMENT TO ACQUIRE, FOR THE FIRST TIME, DIRECTLY FROM THE ACTUAL MANUFACTURER. THE RIGHTS TO USE THE DATA NEEDED TO PURCHASE THIS PART FROM ADDITIONAL SOURCE(S) ARE NOT OWNED BY THE GOVERNMENT AND CANNOT BE PURCHASED, DEVELOPED, OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED. IT IS UNECONOMICAL TO REVERSE ENGINEER THIS PART. ITEMS ASSIGNED AMC/AMSC CODES 3C, REQUIRE THE GOVERNMENT TO ACQUIRE, FOR THE SECOND OR SUBSEQUENT TIME, DIRECTLY FROM THE ACTUAL MANUFACTURER. THIS PART REQUIRES ENGINEERING SOURCE APPROVAL BY THE DESIGN CONTROL ACTIVITY IN ORDER TO MAINTAIN THE QUALITY OF THE PART. EXISTING UNIQUE DESIGN CAPABILITY, ENGINEERING SKILLS, AND MANUFACTURING KNOWLEDGE BY THE QUALIFIED SOURCE(S) REQUIRE ACQUISITION OF THE PART FROM THE APPROVED SOURCE(S). THE APPROVED SOURCE(S) RETAIN DATA RIGHTS, MANUFACTURING KNOWLEDGE, OR TECHNICAL DATA THAT ARE NOT ECONOMICALLY AVAILABLE TO THE GOVERNMENT, AND THE DATA OR KNOWLEDGE IS ESSENTIAL TO MAINTAINING THE QUALITY OF THE PART. AN ALTERNATE SOURCE MUST QUALIFY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE DESIGN CONTROL ACTIVITY’S PROCEDURES, AS APPROVED BY THE COGNIZANT GOVERNMENT ENGINEERING ACTIVITY. THE QUALIFICATION PROCEDURES MUST BE APPROVED BY THE GOVERNMENT ENGINEERING ACTIVITY HAVING JURISDICTION OVER THE PART IN THE INTENDED APPLICATION. AS A RESULT, THIS ACQUISITION IS CURRENTLY BEING PROCURED UNDER FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION (FAR) 6.302-1(A)(2) HAVING ONLY A LIMITED NUMBER OF RESPONSIBLE SOURCES. THE GOVERNMENT IS INTERESTED IN ALL BUSINESSES TO INCLUDE 8(A), SMALL BUSINESS AND SMALL DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS, SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED, HUBZONE, AND WOMEN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS. ALL OFFERORS MUST MEET PREQUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS IN ORDER TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR AWARD. THE U.S. ARMY COMBAT CAPABILITIES DEVELOPMENT COMMAND AVIATION & MISSILE CENTER’S (AVMC DEVCOM) SYSTEM READINESS DIRECTORATE (SRD), SUSTAINMENT DIVISION (SD) IS THE ENGINEERING SOURCE AUTHORITY (ESA). FIRMS THAT RECOGNIZE AND CAN PRODUCE THE REQUIRED ITEM DESCRIBED ABOVE ARE ENCOURAGED TO IDENTIFY THEMSELVES. FIRMS ARE ENCOURAGED TO SEEK SOURCE APPROVAL IN ORDER TO COMPETE FOR FUTURE SOLICITATIONS BY CONTACTING THE CONTRACT TEAM. THE CLOSING DATE ANNOTATED IS AN ESTIMATED DATE AND MAY BE ADJUSTED DEPENDENT UPON THE DATE OF RELEASE FOR SOLICITATION; HOWEVER, THE SOLICITATION WILL NOT CLOSE PRIOR TO THE DATE STATED ABOVE. FOREIGN FIRMS ARE REMINDED THAT ALL REQUESTS FOR SOLICITATION MUST BE PROCESSED THROUGH THEIR RESPECTIVE EMBASSIES. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL BE CAPABLE OF SUCCESSFULLY PERFORMING AND COMPLYING WITH ANY AND ALL SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE SOLICITATION ANNOTATED ABOVE, AT THE UNIT PRICES ESTABLISHED AT TIME OF A CONTRACT AWARD. THE CONTRACTOR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR RECURRING AND NONRECURRING ENGINEERING SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH BECOMING A QUALIFIED SOURCE. THE CONTRACTOR WILL ALSO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ASPECTS OF THE MANUFACTURING/PRODUCTION PROCESS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO - SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT, LOGISTICS, FORECASTING OF PARTS, LONG-LEAD PARTS PROCUREMENT, MATERIAL FORECASTING, OBSOLESCENCE ISSUES AND FINAL DELIVERY OF ASSETS AS WELL AS ANY AND ALL ADDITIONAL COSTS INCURRED RESULTING FROM CONTRACT PERFORMANCE. PROCUREMENT CONSISTS OF TWO OR MORE REQUIREMENTS FOR SUPPLIES, BASED ON FORECASTED DEMANDS. THE SUBSEQUENT SOLICITATION SHALL INCLUDE A REQUEST FOR ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITIES (EOQS) TO ENSURE OPTIMAL ORDERING QUANTITIES. THE EOQ REQUEST, IS TO AVOID ACQUISITIONS IN DISADVANTAGEOUS QUANTITIES AND TO ASSIST THE GOVERNMENT IN DEVELOPING DATA FOR CURRENT AND FUTURE ACQUISITIONS OF THIS ITEM/THESE ITEMS. THE GOVERNMENT ANTICIPATES THE OFFEROR’S PROPOSAL (IN VIEW OF MARKET RESEARCH, HISTORICAL AWARDS, THE NATURE OF THE ITEM(S) BEING SOLICITED, AND THE CURRENT ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT) WILL INCLUDE QUANTITIES/RANGES THAT WILL VARY FROM THOSE BEING SOLICITED. THE SOLICITED QUANTITIES ARE BASED ON ESTIMATED ANNUAL DEMANDS AND AS SUCH GOVERNMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO AWARD THE MOST ADVANTAGEOUS QUANTITIES &/OR RANGES. THE GOVERNMENT RETAINS THE RIGHT TO CANCEL THIS PROCUREMENT, PARTIALLY OR IN ENTIRETY BEFORE AWARD. IN THE EVENT THE GOVERNMENT CANCELS THIS ACQUISITION (PARTIALLY OR IN ENTIRETY) BEFORE AWARD, THE GOVERNMENT HAS NO OBLIGATION TO REIMBURSE AN OFFEROR FOR ANY COSTS. DISCLAIMER: THIS SSS IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATIONAL AND PLANNING PURPOSES. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION (REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL OR REQUEST FOR QUOTATION) OR A PROMISE TO ISSUE A SOLICITATION IN THE FUTURE AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Lewis Fournet
  - Email: lewis.fournet@dla.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Becky Brady
  - Email: becky.brady@dla.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4cb6772b07084090a4d5e1586b9f7f3e/view)