---
layout: default
title: DSCR Gym Repairs
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 127ac48a814f4809ba363da72d49a74e
---

# DSCR Gym Repairs

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 11:13:58.391-04
- Solicitation Number: SP470326Q0023

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) 80th Gym Repairs This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for construction prepared in accordance with FAR Part 12 as supplemented with FAR Part 36. The solicitation number SP4703-26-Q-0023 is issued as a request for proposal (RFP). The resulting contract will be a firm-fixed price award with an expected Period of Performance of 90 days from the issuance of the Notice to Proceed. This acquisition is set-aside for 100% small businesses. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 236220 (Commercial and Institutional Building Construction). The small business size standard is $45M. Department of Labor Wage Determination based on location of the service provided (Chesterfield County, VA). Partial proposals will not be accepted. For an offer to be considered for award, the contractor must own, possess, or otherwise control a bona fide place of business from which mobilization occurs within 120 miles of DSCR. A bona fide place of business refers to a location where the offeror regularly maintains an office with at least one full-time employee. The offeror must include the address of this location in its bid. OBJECTIVES: To repair and improve the existing gym facility by correcting damage caused by sanitary sewer backup, restoring safe and functional conditions, and completing required interior and equipment-related repairs. SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS: Remove all exercise equipment from the gym and foyer and store. Disassemble/Reassemble as necessary. Prior to storing disinfect/clean the feet of all equipment. An area in the parking lot near the door will be set aside for the contractor to provide a storage container. Dispose of the existing water fountain. Dispose of black mats. Remove the existing VCT tile, glue etc. Fill 100 LF of cracks in the concrete floor. Grind out the cracks ¼” deep and wide. Clean and fill with an approved concrete crack filler per manufacturer’s recommendations. Polish the concrete floor. Complete passes each with 40 grit and 80 grit two passes each so the floor is smooth and polished but must have roughness not to be slippery when walked on. The floor is approximately 725 SF. Seal the concrete with a minimum of two coats of sealer specifically made for sealing interior concrete. No “dry” areas will be acceptable. The sealer must be of permeable type. Properly prepare all the walls (bathrooms not in contract) equivalent to level 4 IAW Gypsum Association 214. Remove all cove base, replace with black 4”. Caulk around all the inside of door frames and windows. DAP Dynaflex 230 is a known complying caulk. Prime all walls and paint two coats using quality paint, satin sheen. After the 1st coat of finish paint an inspection is required. Provide 2 business days’ notice for this inspection. A known complying paint is Sherman Williams Interior Latex Emerald. Approximate SF of walls is 1500. Prepare all currently painted doors and frames, inside only to the stop. Paint all doors and frames the same color as the wall, semi-gloss, two coats. Back roll all brush work. Reference Statement of Work (SOW) for additional work scope and details. Award will be made to the lowest priced, technically acceptable (LPTA) offeror that meets the requirements stated in the Statement of Work and the solicitation. Also refer to clauses and provisions includes in this notice. Past performance will be considered a part of Technical Acceptability, and the Contracting Officer will pull contractor data from CPARS and SPRS. The contractor must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award. If not already registered in SAM, go to the SAM website www.sam.gov to register prior to submitting your quote. Site visit is required prior to submission of quote. Site visit date and time: March 26, 2026, at 10:00AM EST Site visit request/facility access: contact Michael O'Conner at Michael.OConnor@dla.mil or (804)306-5273 The contractor must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award. SAM is the official U.S. Government system that consolidated the capabilities of CCR/FedReg, ORCA, and EPLS. If not already registered in SAM, go to www.sam.gov to register prior to submitting your proposal. All questions must be submitted by March 30, 2026. Acceptable method of quote or inquiries submission is email to justin.1.jones@dla.mil. Access to Defense Supply Center Richmond is dictated by the language at the following location: https://www.dla.mil/Aviation/Installation/Visitors-and-ID-Office/ The points of contact (POC) for this requirement is Justin Jones (justin.1.jones@dla.mil). Reference Attachment 1 - Statement of Work (SOW) for additional work scope and details. See Attachment 2 – Wage Determination. See Attachment 3 - Addendum to RFP - Offer Requirements A new system will be implemented on 3 January 2023 to screen visitors and contractors for installation access at DSCR. The new system is designed to increase efficiencies, enhance the protection of personal information during the vetting process and eliminate the use of hard copy DLA Form 1815s. The new screening system will require visitors and contractors to pre-enroll in DBIDS (Defense Biometric Identification System). To begin the process, visitors and contractors will complete registration through the pre-enrollment website: https://dbids-global-enroll.dmdc.mil. Upon entry of their information, visiting personnel will be provided an electronic form to download, which will have an individualized barcode and alpha numeric code. The codes will be electronically sent to the visiting person’s sponsor. Once in receipt of the barcode, the sponsor will email Security and Emergency Services and provide the barcode and sponsorship information. Once the visitor/contractor is vetted and approved for installation access, Security & Emergency Services will notify the sponsor that the visitor/contractor can go to the DSCR Visitor Center to obtain his/her pass. At the Visitor Center, the visitor provides the barcode and code provided earlier in the process and completes the credentialing process. LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING (FEB 2023) (DEVIATION 2021-O0008) (a) This clause does not apply to the unrestricted portion of a partial set-aside. (b) Definition. Similarly situated entity, as used in this clause, means a first-tier subcontractor, including an independent contractor, that— (1) Has the same small business program status as that which qualified the prime contractor for the award (e.g., for a small business set-aside contract, any small business concern, without regard to its socioeconomic status); and (2) Is considered small for the size standard under the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code the prime contractor assigned to the subcontract. (c) Applicability. This clause applies only to— (1) Contracts that have been set aside for any of the small business concerns identified in 19.000(a)(3); (2) Part or parts of a multiple-award contract that have been set aside for any of the small business concerns identified in 19.000(a)(3); (3) Contracts that have been awarded on a sole-source basis in accordance with subparts 19.8, 19.13, 19.14, and 19.15; (4) Orders expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold and that are— (i) Set aside for small business concerns under multiple-award contracts, as described in 8.405-5 and 16.505(b)(2)(i)(F); or (ii) Issued directly to small business concerns under multiple-award contracts as described in 19.504(c)(1)(ii); (5) Orders, regardless of dollar value, that are— (i) Set aside in accordance with subparts 19.8, 19.13, 19.14, or 19.15 under multiple award contracts, as described in 8.405-5 and 16.505(b)(2)(i)(F); or (ii) Issued directly to concerns that qualify for the programs described in subparts 19.8, 19.13, 19.14, or 19.15 under multiple-award contracts, as described in 19.504(c)(1)(ii); and (6) Contracts using the HUBZone price evaluation preference to award to a HUBZone small business concern unless the concern waived the evaluation preference. (d) Independent contractors. An independent contractor shall be considered a subcontractor. (e) Limitations on subcontracting. By submission of an offer and execution of a contract, the Contractor agrees that in performance of a contract assigned a North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for— (1) Services (except construction), it will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding certain other direct costs and certain work performed outside the United States (see paragraph (e)(1)(i)), to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor’s 50 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. When a contract includes both services and supplies, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the service portion of the contract. The following services may be excluded from the 50 percent limitation: (i) Other direct costs, to the extent they are not the principal purpose of the acquisition and small business concerns do not provide the service. Examples include airline travel, work performed by a transportation or disposal entity under a contract assigned the environmental remediation NAICS code 562910), cloud computing services, or mass media purchases. (ii) Work performed outside the United States on awards made pursuant to the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, or work performed outside the United States required to be performed by a local contractor. (2) Supplies (other than procurement from a nonmanufacturer of such supplies), it will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor’s 50 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. When a contract includes both supplies and services, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the supply portion of the contract; (3) General construction, it will not pay more than 85 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor’s 85 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded; or (4) Construction by special trade contractors, it will not pay more than 75 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor’s 75 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. (f) The Contractor shall comply with the limitations on subcontracting as follows: (1) For contracts, in accordance with paragraphs (c)(1), (2), (3) and (6) of this clause– [Contracting Officer check as appropriate.] __ By the end of the base term of the contract and then by the end of each subsequent option period; or __ By the end of the performance period for each order issued under the contract. (2) For orders, in accordance with paragraphs (c)(4) and (5) of this clause, by the end of the performance period for the order. (g) A joint venture agrees that, in the performance of the contract, the applicable percentage specified in paragraph (e) of this clause will be performed by the aggregate of the joint venture participants. (1) In a joint venture comprised of a small business protégé and its mentor approved by the Small Business Administration, the small business protégé shall perform at least 40 percent of the work performed by the joint venture. Work performed by the small business protégé in the joint venture must be more than administrative functions. (2) In an 8(a) joint venture, the 8(a) participant(s) shall perform at least 40 percent of the work performed by the joint venture. Work performed by the 8(a) participants in the joint venture must be more than administrative functions. (End of clause) **********************ADDITIONAL INFORMATION******************************* A site visit will be held 03/26/2026 @1000. See p.45 of SOW for map for location of DSCR/Gym In order to attend the site visit interested parties MUST follow the instructions below. This is to allow time for screening by base security. Plan on arriving at DSCR an hour prior to the site visit time, as the processing time through the visitor center fluctuates. Follow the link below to register through DBIDS, and a QR code should be provided for each visitor. The QR codes MUST be emailed to the Project Manager, Mike O'Connor, Michael.OConnor@dla.mil. (Work Cell: 804-306-5273). The QR code MUST be emailed to the project manager no less than three working days prior to the site visit. The project manager will also serve as the sponsor for site visit attendees. A new system was implemented on 3 January 2023 to screen visitors and contractors for installation access at DSCR. The new system is designed to increase efficiencies, enhance the protection of personal information during the vetting process and eliminate the use of hard copy DLA Form 1815s. The new screening system will require visitors and contractors to pre-enroll in DBIDS (Defense Biometric Identification System). To begin the process, visitors and contractors will complete registration through the pre-enrollment website: https://dbids-global-enroll.dmdc.mil. Upon entry of their information, visiting personnel will be provided an electronic form to download, which will have an individualized barcode and alpha numeric code. The codes need to be sent to the visiting person’s sponsor. Once in receipt of the barcode, the sponsor will email Security and Emergency Services and provide the barcode and sponsorship information. Once the visitor/contractor is vetted and approved for installation access, Security & Emergency Services will notify the sponsor that the visitor/contractor can go to the DSCR Visitor Center to obtain his/her pass. At the Visitor Center, the visitor provides the barcode and code provided earlier in the process and completes the credentialing process.”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: JUSTIN JONES
  - Email: JUSTIN.1.JONES@DLA.MIL
  - Phone: 8045727189

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Statement of Work (SOW) for additional work scope and details. See Attachment 2 – Wage Determination. See Attachment 3 - Addendum to RFP - Offer Requirements A new system will be implemented on 3 January 2023 to screen visitors and contractors for installation access at DSCR. The new system is designed to increase efficiencies, enhance the protection of personal information during the vetting process and eliminate the use of hard copy DLA Form 1815s. The new screening system will require visitors and contractors to pre-enroll in DBIDS (Defense Biometric Identification System). To begin the process, visitors and contractors will complete registration through the pre-enrollment website: https://dbids-global-enroll.dmdc.mil. Upon entry of their information, visiting personnel will be provided an electronic form to download, which will have an individualized barcode and alpha numeric code. The codes will be electronically sent to the visiting person’s sponsor. Once in receipt of the barcode, the sponsor will email Security and Emergency Services and provide the barcode and sponsorship information. Once the visitor/contractor is vetted and approved for installation access, Security & Emergency Services will notify the sponsor that the visitor/contractor can go to the DSCR Visitor Center to obtain his/her pass. At the Visitor Center, the visitor provides the barcode and code provided earlier in the process and completes the credentialing process. LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING (FEB 2023) (DEVIATION 2021-O0008) (a) This clause does not apply to the unrestricted portion of a partial set-aside. (b) Definition. Similarly situated entity, as used in this clause, means a first-tier subcontractor, including an independent contractor, that— (1) Has the same small business program status as that which qualified the prime contractor for the award (e.g., for a small business set-aside contract, any small business concern, without regard to its socioeconomic status); and (2) Is considered small for the size standard under the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code the prime contractor assigned to the subcontract. (c) Applicability. This clause applies only to— (1) Contracts that have been set aside for any of the small business concerns identified in 19.000(a)(3); (2) Part or parts of a multiple-award contract that have been set aside for any of the small business concerns identified in 19.000(a)(3); (3) Contracts that have been awarded on a sole-source basis in accordance with subparts 19.8, 19.13, 19.14, and 19.15; (4) Orders expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold and that are— (i) Set aside for small business concerns under multiple-award contracts, as described in 8.405-5 and 16.505(b)(2)(i)(F); or (ii) Issued directly to small business concerns under multiple-award contracts as described in 19.504(c)(1)(ii); (5) Orders, regardless of dollar value, that are— (i) Set aside in accordance with subparts 19.8, 19.13, 19.14, or 19.15 under multiple award contracts, as described in 8.405-5 and 16.505(b)(2)(i)(F); or (ii) Issued directly to concerns that qualify for the programs described in subparts 19.8, 19.13, 19.14, or 19.15 under multiple-award contracts, as described in 19.504(c)(1)(ii); and (6) Contracts using the HUBZone price evaluation preference to award to a HUBZone small business concern unless the concern waived the evaluation preference. (d) Independent contractors. An independent contractor shall be considered a subcontractor. (e) Limitations on subcontracting. By submission of an offer and execution of a contract, the Contractor agrees that in performance of a contract assigned a North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for— (1) Services (except construction), it will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding certain other direct costs and certain work performed outside the United States (see paragraph (e)(1)(i)), to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor’s 50 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. When a contract includes both services and supplies, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the service portion of the contract. The following services may be excluded from the 50 percent limitation: (i) Other direct costs, to the extent they are not the principal purpose of the acquisition and small business concerns do not provide the service. Examples include airline travel, work performed by a transportation or disposal entity under a contract assigned the environmental remediation NAICS code 562910), cloud computing services, or mass media purchases. (ii) Work performed outside the United States on awards made pursuant to the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, or work performed outside the United States required to be performed by a local contractor. (2) Supplies (other than procurement from a nonmanufacturer of such supplies), it will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor’s 50 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. When a contract includes both supplies and services, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the supply portion of the contract; (3) General construction, it will not pay more than 85 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor’s 85 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded; or (4) Construction by special trade contractors, it will not pay more than 75 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor’s 75 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. (f) The Contractor shall comply with the limitations on subcontracting as follows: (1) For contracts, in accordance with paragraphs (c)(1), (2), (3) and (6) of this clause– [Contracting Officer check as appropriate.] __ By the end of the base term of the contract and then by the end of each subsequent option period; or __ By the end of the performance period for each order issued under the contract. (2) For orders, in accordance with paragraphs (c)(4) and (5) of this clause, by the end of the performance period for the order. (g) A joint venture agrees that, in the performance of the contract, the applicable percentage specified in paragraph (e) of this clause will be performed by the aggregate of the joint venture participants. (1) In a joint venture comprised of a small business protégé and its mentor approved by the Small Business Administration, the small business protégé shall perform at least 40 percent of the work performed by the joint venture. Work performed by the small business protégé in the joint venture must be more than administrative functions. (2) In an 8(a) joint venture, the 8(a) participant(s) shall perform at least 40 percent of the work performed by the joint venture. Work performed by the 8(a) participants in the joint venture must be more than administrative functions. (End of clause) **********************ADDITIONAL INFORMATION******************************* A site visit will be held 03/26/2026 @1000. See p.45 of SOW for map for location of DSCR/Gym In order to attend the site visit interested parties MUST follow the instructions below. This is to allow time for screening by base security. Plan on arriving at DSCR an hour prior to the site visit time, as the processing time through the visitor center fluctuates. Follow the link below to register through DBIDS, and a QR code should be provided for each visitor. The QR codes MUST be emailed to the Project Manager, Mike O"Connor, Michael.OConnor@dla.mil. (Work Cell: 804-306-5273). The QR code MUST be emailed to the project manager no less than three working days prior to the site visit. The project manager will also serve as the sponsor for site visit attendees. A new system was implemented on 3 January 2023 to screen visitors and contractors for installation access at DSCR. The new system is designed to increase efficiencies, enhance the protection of personal information during the vetting process and eliminate the use of hard copy DLA Form 1815s. The new screening system will require visitors and contractors to pre-enroll in DBIDS (Defense Biometric Identification System). To begin the process, visitors and contractors will complete registration through the pre-enrollment website: https://dbids-global-enroll.dmdc.mil. Upon entry of their information, visiting personnel will be provided an electronic form to download, which will have an individualized barcode and alpha numeric code. The codes need to be sent to the visiting person’s sponsor. Once in receipt of the barcode, the sponsor will email Security and Emergency Services and provide the barcode and sponsorship information. Once the visitor/contractor is vetted and approved for installation access, Security & Emergency Services will notify the sponsor that the visitor/contractor can go to the DSCR Visitor Center to obtain his/her pass. At the Visitor Center, the visitor provides the barcode and code provided earlier in the process and completes the credentialing process.”

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/127ac48a814f4809ba363da72d49a74e/view)