---
layout: default
title: R602--SPS Courier Contract - RMR VAMC
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 585f0e8283784ed29eecbea9cfeb18a0
---

# R602--SPS Courier Contract - RMR VAMC

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 15:15:32.277-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0323
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Courier Services Disclaimer: This Request for Information (RFI) is issued solely for market research information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are NOT offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. Information Requested from Industry: In response to the Sources Sought, interested Contractors shall submit the following information and any Capabilities/Qualifications Statement to include but not limited to an overview of proposed solution(s) and a description of the product your company possesses in accordance with the Statement of Work draft / Salient Characteristics List. Responses to market research table questionnaire shall be submitted. If this information is not provided, then it will be assumed the entire requirement cannot be met. Description of Requirement: The Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration (VHA), Network Contracting Office 19 (NCO 19) is conducting a market survey and is seeking potential sources for Courier Services for the Rocky Mountain Regional VA Medical Center. This Sources Sought Notice is issued for information and planning purposes only. This is not a solicitation or a request for proposal and shall not be construed as an obligation or commitment by the Government. An award will not be made on any offers submitted in response to this notice, and it shall not be implied the Government is committed to providing any solicitation or award following this notice. The Government will not pay for any information received in response to this request, nor will the Government compensate a respondent for any costs incurred in developing the information provided. Requirement Services: Item No. Item Description 0001 BASE YEAR - Courier Services for the SPS department at the RMR VAMC 1001 OPTION YEAR 1 - Courier Services for the SPS department at the RMR VAMC 2001 OPTION YEAR 2 - Courier Services for the SPS department at the RMR VAMC 3001 OPTION YEAR 3 - Courier Services for the SPS department at the RMR VAMC 4001 OPTION YEAR 4 - Courier Services for the SPS department at the RMR VAMC See attached statement of work In response to this announcement, please provide the information requested below requested in this market research table questionnaire. If this information is not provided, then it will be assumed the entire requirement cannot be met: NAICS Code: Company Name: Address: UEI (Unique Entity ID) Number: Contact Name: Phone No.: Email: Business Size Information - Select all that applies: Small Business Emerging Small Business Small Disadvantaged Business Certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act HUBZone Woman Owned Certified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Veteran Owned Small Business Large Business FSS/GSA Contract Holder: Yes No FSS/GSA Contract Number: Effective Date/ Expiration Date: Proposed solution is listed and available on the above FSS/GSA Contract: Yes No Available pricing structure of proposed solution (select all that are applicable below, or remove to fit your requirement): Pricing Model Please Indicate Availability Below: (Yes / No / NA) All on FSS Open Market only Mix of FSS & Open Market Firm-Fixed Price Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Market Rearch Questions: Buy American Act RFO 52.225-1 and RFO 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate What percentage of the proposed product (including leases and rentals) is a: Domestic end product? _____________ (%) Foreign end product? _______________ (%) Country of Origin: Questions for Small Businesses ONLY: Limitations on Subcontracting RFO 52.219-14 What percentage of the work would be subcontracted to another company? ________ What is the business size of the subcontractor?______ Per RFO 52.219-14 the following conditions must be met: Services (except construction), it will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor's 50 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. When a contract includes both services and supplies, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the service portion of the contract; Supplies (other than procurement from a nonmanufacturer of such supplies), it will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor's 50 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. When a contract includes both supplies and services, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the supply portion of the contract; If subcontracting, what added value do you offer (RFO 52.215-23): Nonmanufacturer Rule (RFO 52.219-33): Does your company manufacturer these proposed items? [Â ] yes [Â ] no Does your company exceed 500 employees? [Â ] yes [Â ] no If yes, list # of employees: _________ Does your company primarily engaged in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sells the type of item being supplied? [Â ] yes [Â ] no Does your company take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? [Â ] yes [Â ] no Does your company supply the end item of a small business manufacturer, processor or producer made in the United States, or obtains a waiver of such requirement pursuant to paragraph (b)(5) CFR 121.406. [Â ] yes [Â ] no If yes, what is the manufacturer s name? ________________ Response Instructions: Do not provide more than 8 pages, including cover letter page. Submit your response via email to Christopher.Hollingsworth2@va.gov Submit your response NLT 14:00 (MST) on Friday, March 20, 2025; Mark your response as Proprietary Information if the information is considered business sensitive. VA has identified the appropriate North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code as 492110 Couriers and Express Delivery Services with a Small Business size of 1,500 employees or fewer. Please identify and explain any NAICS codes your company believes would better represent the predominant work included in the attached Statement of Work draft / Salient Characteristics List. (End of Sources Sought)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Chris Hollingsworth
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Christopher.Hollingsworth2@va.gov
  - Phone: (303)712-5724

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/585f0e8283784ed29eecbea9cfeb18a0/view)