---
layout: default
title: 409th CSB TCC - Material Handling Equipment (MHE) Maintenance & Repair Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: db3c2b9abd014bdfae4a0ef9ab292a4c
---

# 409th CSB TCC - Material Handling Equipment (MHE) Maintenance & Repair Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 04:30:21.211-04
- Solicitation Number: W564KV26RA006

## Summary

04/13/2026 Clarification: We have received questions relating to the number of questionnaires required in a quote submission or whether it is possible to combine experience from several sources to meet the requirements outlined in the solicitation. While the deadline for submission of questions has already passed, I think these questions should be addressed since the submission of these questions makes it clear there are aspects of the solicitation which may have been overlooked or are not entirely clear. Please refer to pages 61 and 68 of the solicitation, these pages provide guidance on what is required to meet the standard for Technical Sub-factor 2: Experience in Maintenance and Repair Services. You will notice the following is stated in the second bullet of Sub-factor 2, “…experience in performing maintenance and repair services rendered within Europe in accordance with standard commercial practices…” As this is only an excerpt used to highlight the more relevant information for the purposes of this email, I recommend going back and reading through all the instructions on submitting a Quote/Offer. I refer you to the excerpt from page 61 and 68 because it provides the parameters on what type of experience is acceptable. As indicated by the excerpt the experience should be for services rendered in Europe. This means the project referenced in the experience questionnaires can be for services performed outside of Germany, as long as the country where the services were preformed is a European country. Additionally, there services are not limited to only work with the U.S. government. Thus, as long as the projects referenced in your questionnaire submission are for services performed within seven (07) years; are for performance of at least twelve (12) months; and the project has a minimum annual value of $400,000.00, the project referenced in the questionnaire can be for services provided in a Europe and can include customers who are not the U.S. Government. I hope this information clears up the questions that have been brought to my attention. The current closing date of the Solicitation is 2:00 CT on 15 April 2026. Please be aware that Quotes/Offers must be submitted to the Contract Specialist, and to myself no later than this date and time. Any Quotes/Offers received after this date and time will not be considered. We appreciate your cooperation and patience in this effort and look forward to working with you to achieve the best possible outcome. Thank you. 04/07/2026 Amendment Notice: This posting provides answers to industry submitted questions along with an updated copy of the PWS (Attachment 2) as well as inclusion of Services Dates Report (Attachment 6). Per the last amendment submission date is still 15 April 2026. 04/02/2026 Amendment Notice: Questions and answers are still going through review. The deadline for submission is hereby extended to allow time for the posting of questions and answers, as well as preparation of quotes/offers. As previously stated, an amendment to the solicitation will follow, in which all questions and their corresponding answers are included. Another Amendment will follow once the answering of the questions is completed. 03/27/2026 Amendment Notice: Currently, all submitted questions are undergoing a thorough review by our legal department. We will be issuing an amendment to the solicitation that will include all questions and their corresponding answers. Please be advised that this amendment will also officially extend the closing date of the solicitation, which is currently April 2, 2026. This extension is intended to provide all offerors with adequate time to consider the information provided in the amendment before submitting their proposals. Another Amendment will follow once the answering of the questions is completed. This is Combined Synopsis / Solicitation for the provision of MHE Maintenance & Repair Services, please see attachments for full details. If, upon thorough review of the Solicitation and all Attachments, you are interested in competing for this requirement, please draft and submit an Offer in accordance with the instructions within the Solicitation. We invite and encourage any questions or concerns that you may have regarding this Solicitation; however, to allow for response time prior to Solicitation closing, only questions and concerns submitted by 2:00 CET on 13 March 2026 (seven (07) business days after issuance) will be addressed. Per the solicitation instructions, any questions or concerns must be submitted via email to the Contract Specialist, and to the Contracting Officer, via the emails included in this posting and in the Solicitation document. Presently, a Site Visit is scheduled for 11 March 2026 at 2:00 CET (five (05) business days after issuance). The location and additional details are provided in the Solicitation document. If you wish to attend, please submit the required information to the Contract Specialist and the Contracting Officer, no later 2:00 CET on 06 March 2026 (three (03) business days after issuance). PLEASE NOTE: For your Offer to be considered compliant, your entity must be registered and current in the System Award Management (SAM) database at www.sam.gov <http://www.sam.gov> . If you need assistance in registering your entity or updating your entity’s profile in SAM, please don’t hesitate to contact us. Due to the time of the posting, and for the purposes of the deadlines for the site visit and questions, this Combined Synopsis / Solicitation is considered as issued as of 04 March 2026. We appreciate your cooperation and patience in this effort and look forward to working with you to achieve the best possible outcome. As always, please let us know if you have any questions or concerns.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Israel Gutierrez
  - Email: israel.gutierrez1.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 06111435426813
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Dominik Rauch
  - Email: dominik.rauch2@ln.army.mil
  - Phone: 06111435426801

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: as well as inclusion of Services Dates Report (Attachment 6). Per the last amendment submission date is still 15 April 2026. 04/02/2026 Amendment Notice: Questions and answers are still going through review. The deadline for submission is hereby extended to allow time for the posting of questions and answers, as well as preparation of quotes/offers. As previously stated, an amendment to the solicitation will follow, in which all questions and their corresponding answers are included. Another Amendment will follow once the answering of the questions is completed. 03/27/2026 Amendment Notice: Currently, all submitted questions are undergoing a thorough review by our legal department. We will be issuing an amendment to the solicitation that will include all questions and their corresponding answers. Please be advised that this amendment will also officially extend the closing date of the solicitation, which is currently April 2, 2026. This extension is intended to provide all offerors with adequate time to consider the information provided in the amendment before submitting their proposals. Another Amendment will follow once the answering of the questions is completed. This is Combined Synopsis / Solicitation for the provision of MHE Maintenance & Repair Services, please see attachments for full details. If, upon thorough review of the Solicitation and all Attachments, you are interested in competing for this requirement, please draft and submit an Offer in accordance with the instructions within the Solicitation. We invite and encourage any questions or concerns that you may have regarding this Solicitation; however, to allow for response time prior to Solicitation closing, only questions and concerns submitted by 2:00 CET on 13 March 2026 (seven (07) business days after issuance) will be addressed. Per the solicitation instructions, any questions or concerns must be submitted via email to the Contract Specialist, and to the Contracting Officer, via the emails included in this posting and in the Solicitation document. Presently, a Site Visit is scheduled for 11 March 2026 at 2:00 CET (five (05) business days after issuance). The location and additional details are provided in the Solicitation document. If you wish to attend, please submit the required information to the Contract Specialist and the Contracting Officer, no later 2:00 CET on 06 March 2026 (three (03) business days after issuance). PLEASE NOTE: For your Offer to be considered compliant, your entity must be registered and current in the System Award Management (SAM) database at www.sam.gov <http://www.sam.gov> . If you need assistance in registering your entity or updating your entity’s profile in SAM, please don’t hesitate to contact us. Due to the time of the posting, and for the purposes of the deadlines for the site visit and questions, this Combined Synopsis / Solicitation is considered as issued as of 04 March 2026. We appreciate your cooperation and patience in this effort and look forward to working with you to achieve the best possible outcome. As always, please let us know if you have any questions or concerns

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/db3c2b9abd014bdfae4a0ef9ab292a4c/view)