---
layout: default
title: Z1DA--Construction Project 626-22-103_Video Surveillance Security TN Valley Healthcare System Nashville Campus
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d822ad826cd745fa9a3cb2f69f841ee8
---

# Z1DA--Construction Project 626-22-103_Video Surveillance Security TN Valley Healthcare System Nashville Campus

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-24 08:16:55.547-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24926R0065
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Page 5 of 6 Sources Sought Notice DESCRIPTION The Nashville TVHS security monitoring system requires an upgrade to include new camera equipment and locations, headend equipment and upgrades to the existing monitoring station. This effort includes the removal and replacement of outdated or inoperable field equipment, installation of new cameras, network video recorders (NVRs), display systems, communication components, and associated infrastructure necessary to support a fully integrated and modernized surveillance platform. The upgraded system will incorporate advanced capabilities, including artificial intelligence (AI)-enabled video analytics, to enhance monitoring, detection, and response capabilities across the campus. Work is to include demolition and new construction, including, but not limited to general construction, civil, architectural, electrical, low voltage, industrial hygiene, and certain other items. This project consists of furnishing all supervision, labor, materials, equipment, and transportation. It also consists of performing all work in strict accordance with the applicable specifications and drawings that form the parts thereof. This project has a set of drawings and specifications that have been created by an Architectural-Engineering firm. These drawings and specifications indicate the work to be performed at TN Valley Healthcare System VAMC. Integration with the existing infrastructure requires that this project includes a brand name specification for Avigilon systems and equipment. Contractors must provide documentation demonstrating their authorization to install, service, or work on Avigilon systems to be considered acceptable. Title: 626-22-103_Video Surveillance Security Number: 36C24926R0065 Set Aside: TBD Classification Code: Z1DA Maintenance of Hospitals and Infirmaries NAICS Code: 238210 Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors Size Standard: $19 Million. Synopsis: Please note that this is NOT a request for quotes or proposals, the Government is seeking information for market research purposes only. The Government may or may not issue solicitation documents. The Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office (NCO) 9 is conducting a market survey for qualified: Seeking for ALL available sources to determine all set aside options, capable of providing the required services outlined below for the TVHS Nashville Campus VAMC, Nashville, TN. Responses to this notice must be submitted via e-mail and received no later than May 1, 2026, at 10:00 AM Central Time. No telephone inquiries will be accepted or returned. Additional information about this project will be issued on the Federal Contract Opportunities website https://www.sam.gov once available. Period of Performance for all work is 270 calendar days. The estimated cost magnitude is between $1,000,000.00 and $5,000,000.00 Prospective SDVOSB firms are reminded that in accordance with Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO) 52.219-14(e)(3), the Contractor agrees it will not pay more than 85 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor's 85 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Interested firms must be registered in https://sam.gov with NAICS code 238210 and qualified as a Service Disabled Veteran Owned small business under 238210 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction. Qualified service-disabled veteran owned small businesses are encouraged to respond and required to be registered in with the Small Business Administration (SBA) registry https://certifications.sba.gov/ on or before the response date. If interested in this opportunity, please provide Capability Statement via email. The Capability Statement is designed to inform the Department of Veteran Affairs of any prospective construction contractors' project execution capabilities. The submission is limited to 10 pages which shall include the following information: 1) Offeror's name, address, point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, and Unique Entity ID. 2) Offeror's interest in bidding on the solicitation when it is issued. 3) Offeror's capability to perform a contract of this magnitude and complexity and comparable work performed within the past 5 years - brief description of the project, customer name, timeliness of performance, customer satisfaction, and dollar value of the project - provide at least 1, but no more than 3 completed construction examples. 4) Offeror's CVE certification as a Veteran owned business. 5) Please provide Socio-economic status for NAICS code 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction and provide percentage of self-performed labor your company can perform for this type of project. 6) Offeror's Joint Venture information if applicable - existing and potential. 7) Offeror's Bonding Capability in the form of a letter from Surety providing bonding level per contract and aggregate. No basis for claim against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this sources sought or Government use of any information provided. The Government will not pay for information or comments provided and will not recognize any costs associated with submission of comments. There is no guarantee, expressed or implicit, that market research for this acquisition will result in a particular set-aside, or any other guarantee of award or acquisition strategy. Responses must be received by 10:00 AM Central on May 1, 2026, via e-mail to the Contracting Officer at Jeannette.Morphew@va.gov and Contract Specialist Lara.Hampton@va.gov PLEASE REFERENCE "SOURCES SOUGHT: 626-22-103 Video Surveillance Security Nashville IN THE SUBJECT LINE and cover sheet. Respondents will not be contacted regarding their submission or information gathered as a result of this Sources Sought notice. Interested firms shall be required to respond to additional announcements separately from this announcement without further notice from the Government when posted to the Contract Opportunities website at https://sam.gov. The Contract Opportunities website is the only official site to obtain these documents. 626-22-103 VIDEO SURVEILLANCE TVHS NASHVILLE CAMPUS Page 1 of 5 Page 1 of Page 6 of 6 Page 1 of 5 Page 1 of STATEMENT OF WORK GENERAL INFORMATION Title of Project: Project# 626-22-103 Video Surveillance Security Nashville Scope of Work: The contractor shall furnish all labor, material, equipment and supervision necessary to accomplish the work for Project# 626-22-103 Video Surveillance Security Nashville at the Tennessee Valley Healthcare System, VA Medical Center, 1310 24th Avenue South, Nashville, TN 37212 in accordance with the specifications and drawings. Work includes demolition and new construction, including, but not limited to general construction, civil, architectural, electrical, low voltage, industrial hygiene, and certain other items. Statement Of Bid Item(S) BID ITEM I: Work includes general construction, alterations, improvements, necessary removal of existing structures and construction and certain other items. POP 270 Days BID ITEM II: All items included in BID ITEM I except the 5th floor work. POP 255 Days BID ITEM III: All items included in BID ITEM II except the 4th floor work. POP 240 Days BID ITEM IV: All items included in BID ITEM III except the 3rd floor work. POP 225 Days GENERAL REQUIREMENTS All work, including materials, shall have a one-year warranty, or as noted in project specifications. Elements of the project that require a warranty beyond one year: Technology products to be warrantied for 3 years. Medical Center normal working hours are Monday thru Friday from 6 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. On-site work time shall be managed to minimize the effect on the medical center. Portions of work that require shutdowns, noise, vibration or interruption of adjacent service operations will be performed from 5:00 a.m. to 7:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. to midnight. On weekends the work can be performed between 6:00 p.m. Friday to 9:00 p.m. Sunday. The contractor will be required to work nights and weekends to complete the work, in order to maintain the functionality of affected areas and to minimize disruptions to the Medical Centers operations. Before evening and weekend work begins, the project schedule shall be submitted by the contractor and approved by the VA COR one week before the work taking place. The contractor will coordinate all work in advance with VA COR. The contractor superintendent will always be on-site during the performance of the work associated with this contract. When using furnish , provide , install , or similar term is used regarding all labor, materials, and equipment to perform the job it shall mean a complete installation that is ready for use. No existing operational cameras can be removed until the replacement camera is operational and installation is signed off by COR/Fiscal Security. All old cameras/devices to be turned over to the COR/Fiscal Security Office. All of the following items are to be provided by contractor. New Cisco 9300 POE (CAT 6A color TBD by COR) switches are to be provided to connect to all existing and new cameras in various telecom rooms located throughout the facility. Each telecom room to be equipped with a new patch panel(s). A new power distribution unit (PDU) will be added to each telecom room as to power rack mounted equipment. New duplex receptacles will be added to power added to power the new equipment for the security monitoring equipment. The circuit will be fed from the panel located in the telecom room. New Avigilon rack NVR and associated equipment will be installed in a room that will be coordinated with VA to provide recording and monitoring. The NVR is to provide a minimum of 30 days of backup with the option of 60 days as determined by the VA. NVR will be connected to telecommunications rooms through new fiber cabling via spare multimode fiber connection. All new work in telecom rooms to be coordinated with COR/OIT. The contractor shall identify all employees that will be working under the awarded contract. The contractor personnel shall include employees, sub-contractors, suppliers, and delivery personnel entering the medical center. Those employees shall bring one photo ID and the second form of state /federally issued id to obtain a VA Contractor identification badge (REAL ID is required as one source of ID). A Passport or Social Security Card will suffice as the second form of ID. This badge must always be worn above the belt while on medical center property. The contractor s employees shall return all I.D. badges to designated personnel at the end of the period of performance of the contract. Lost badges will result in a surcharge. The contractor's safety manager is responsible for safety inspections of all contract operations and will be identified to the contractor. All VA and OSHA safety regulations shall be observed during the performance of work identified on this contract. Provide signage and barricades, as required, to maintain safety and protection of work around the project work site. Daily safety reports shall be provided to the COR daily. Additionally, on-site workers are screened daily at facility entrances prior to work. The contractor shall visit the job site to thoroughly familiarize themselves with all the details of this work and working conditions. The contractor shall also verify all dimensions in the field and shall advise the CO and COR of any discrepancy before performing any work. The contractor shall be responsible for the coordination and proper relation of his work to the building, structure, phasing, ensuring the safety of employees, and workmen. The contractor shall not allow smoking in any building or vehicle (located on VA property) and shall ensure employees do not smoke on VA property. This is a smoke free facility. Violation of VA directive will result in a Federal Fine. The contractor will take adequate precautions to protect all adjacent equipment, concrete pads, and walkways in the work area from spills, drips, runs, and damage from the use of power tools. The general contractor will be provided with two parking spaces (additional drivers of the general contractor will be issued a parking violation ticket). All others related to the project can utilize other paid parking lots/garages located off campus. The government isn t responsible for additional parking. Drivers should be particularly concerned with pedestrian traffic and yield to pedestrians. Seat Belt use is mandatory on all VA grounds. The Contractor shall always keep the work area area(s) free from the accumulation of waste materials. The Contractor shall remove from the work and premises any rubbish, tools, scaffolding, equipment, and materials that are not the property of the Government. This includes the area outside of the building. If materials are stored on-site they shall be organized and inside a conditioned storage space. A messy work area is dangerous; the COR has the authority to request that the site be cleaned in lieu of proceeding with work. The government is not providing storage space. Material in storage but not yet installed can not be invoiced to the project. Equipment (building service equipment and systems) shall be provided by nationally recognized manufacturers that produce and distribute equipment/ products across the United States for over 5 years. Manufacturers must have local vender representation. Materials for this project must be sourced from the USA, materials submitted from other countries will not be accepted. When fixture/devices are being removed, remove all appurtenances related or connected to the items being removed or demolished. Utilities shall be removed back to the source or active main/branch. Do not leave any abandoned utilities/lines or dead-end lines. Final verification required by COR before covering up connection. The type of controls throughout project work shall be consistent. Controls must be of the same manufacturer and type. Our building automation system is structured around Siemens and any new components shall be Bacnet compatible with existing systems and ongoing service contracts. (Alternate version) The type of controls throughout the project work shall be consistent. Contractor must utilize existing BAS infrastructure when tying in all controls. Due to space limitations, the contractor will only be provided with one location for staging (one small conex and one small dumpster). For equipment/material that is no longer needed and/or waste, the contractor is responsible for proper and daily removal. Staging area location will be determined by the COR. No material is to be stored outside. If material is found to be stored outside of a conditioned location the COR has the right to request that the material be replaced with new material. There is only one final project inspection, and it will take place at the end of the project, The contractor shall request a final inspection two weeks after providing a certified inspection report(s) (in writing), and a copy of their completed and corrected QA inspection. At the time of the request there shall be no incomplete work. There are additional inspections required while the work progresses but only one final inspection. All penetrations through ceilings, floors, pipe chases, fire walls, and smoke barriers, and ceiling tiles etc are required to be appropriately sealed by a certified fire stop installer (credentials to be provided to the COR) to maintain NFTA 101 and Joint Commission compliance. Penetrations need to be sealed at the end of the work day and/or before leaving the area of work. For continuity with existing firestop systems; Hilti brand products should be utilized. Burn permits are required at this facility on a daily basis. Neglecting to use the form may result in the removal of violators from the campus. Safety is no accident; OSHA standards are to be met at this facility. Periodic safety reviews are made of the site multiply times each week. Violations may result in the removal of violators from the campus and repeat violations may result in additional enforcement from FED OSHA. See specifications for additional requirements. Encloser (1) Hot Work Permit Encloser (2) Fire Wall/Smoke Barrier Penetration Permit (End of Statement of Work)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Lara Hampton
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: Lara.Hampton@va.gov
  - Phone: 615-225-5414

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d822ad826cd745fa9a3cb2f69f841ee8/view)