---
layout: default
title: 31--BEARING,BALL,ANNULA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: bd3904bcc6e547f1a7992d105a02b6dd
---

# 31--BEARING,BALL,ANNULA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 04:14:52.891-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010425QYM01

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N741.11|GDN|N/A|ABIGAIL.R.HURLBUT.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|SEE SPECIFCIATIONS SECTION C AND SECTION E| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| PRODUCTION LOT TESTING|1|45| INSPECTION/ACCEPTANCE POINT|6|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD| DESIRED AND REQUIRED TIME OF DELIVERY (JUNE 1997)|29|CLIN 0001AA|1|180||||||||||||||||||||||||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|STAND-ALONE RECEIVING REPORT-CERIFICATIONS;COMBO-RECEIVING REPORT & INVOICE-MATERIAL |N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|PPK002-1|TBD|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|SEE FORM DD1423|| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|ONE YEAR FROM DATE OF DELIVERY. |ONE YEAR FROM DATE OF DELIVERY.||||| WARRANTY OF DATA--BASIC (MAR 2014)|2||X| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| OPTION FOR INCREASED QUANTITY (MAR 1989)|1|180| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|332991|1250|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| EVALUATION-COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEV 2026-O0028)(FEB 2026))|3|||| The subject amendment is hereby incorporated to. The purpose of this solicitation amendent is to change the closing date to 13APR 2026. Please contact the POC Abigail Hurlbut via emailabigail.r.hurlbut.civ@us.navy.mil if you have an questions or concerns inregards to the amendment or requirement. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. \ The subject amendment is hereby incorporated to. The purpose of this solicitation amendment is to state NSN: 3HD 3110 009910945NT ITEM: Annular Ball Bearing is now determined a commercial item. Thefollowing clauses have been added/removed from the solicitaiton. Please seecontinuation pages for details. This amendment makes no other changes to the solicitation. 1. This requirement is pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). 2. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 3. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 4. If requirement will be packaged at a location different from the offeror's address, the offeror shall provide the name, street address, and CAGE of the facility. 5. Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be DO certified for national defense under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). Provision 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense, Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use, shall be inserted in solicitations when the contract to be awarded shall be a rated order. 6. If drawings are included in the solicitation, access needs to be requested on the individual solicitation page under Contract Opportunities on SAM.gov website. After requesting access, send an email to the POC listed on the solicitation. 7. NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg will be considering past performance in the evaluation of offers IAW FAR 13.106(a)(2). 8. The option provision is included in the event the Government has an additional requirement 180 DAYS after issuance of the award. This will authorize the Government to add the additional quantity, up to the percentage cited, to the order, via modification without having to re-solicit. 9. It is requested that pricing be submitted on the option provision. 10. This solicitation requires Production Lot Testing (PLT). See Local NAVSUP clause WWSTERMEZ02 Production Lot Testing for more details. 1. SCOPE 1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the BEARING,BALL,ANNULA . 1.1.1 ;Required item is to be procured and adhere to MIL-DTL-17931F Military Specification for 'Bearings, Ball, Annular, For Quiet Operation' and other applicable documents referenced herein.; 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.1.2 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents. 2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-12 | | |D |810529|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ABMA 20 | | | |200101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ABMA10A | | |A |150101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-105 | | |E |950227|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |P |041029|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=FF-B-171 | | |B |950309|A| 1| |1 | |53 |920303 DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE J418 | | |A |831201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=AMS 6444 | | |P |210501|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ABMA STD-9 | | | |150101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |961001|A|2 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE 52100 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/AFBMA STD 13 | | | |870902|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-17931F | | | |250207|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-PRF-24508B | | | |201221|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-E112 | | | |241109|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-PRF-17331 | | |J |070330|A| 1| | |Y|97 |940720 DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-E18 | | | |240215|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-1916 | | | |960401|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-F2215 | | | |051123|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A295 | | |92 |920815|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-E45 | | | |250828|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-PRF-6085 | | |D |980220|A| | | |Y|14 |920916 DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |920417|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |950113|A| |03| DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=MIL-L-17331 |MIL-PRF-17331 DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=MIL-L-6085 |MIL-PRF-6085 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Source Control Item - Previous delivery of this specified National Stock Number or similar item manufactured to technical procurement specifications and MIL-DTL-17931F supplied by a Government activity or Price Contractor does not in itself qualify a supplier as a Government approved source. Only those sources for this item currently approved by the Government will be considered for this award. The time required for approval of a new supplier is normally such that award cannot be delayed pending approval of the new source. Qualification and testing requirements are extensive and time consuming. To maintain appropriate stock levels and prevent work stoppage, a prospective contractor must be determined to be qualified by the engineering activity prior to submitting offer. If you have not been solicited and you can furnish either (a) proof of your prior approval as a supplier of this item, or (b) data showing you have produced the same or similar items satisfactorily for the Government or a commercial source, or (c) test data indicating your product can meet service operating requirements, or (d) other pertinent data concerning your qualification to produce the required item, notify the Procurement Contracting Officer in writing, furnishing said proof of data for evaluation, possibly leading to your firm being authorized as an approved source for this procurement or subsequent procurements. Your interest will be forwarded to the In-Service Engineering Agent (ISEA) responsible for this item.; 3.1.1 ;'QTP-MIL-B-17931' shall be used as a supplement to MIL-DTL-17931 to qualify a vendor to supply precision ball bearings. After final approval is granted by NAVSEA, the vendor will be considered a qualified source to supply noise-tested (NT) bearings in accordance with MIL-DTL-17931F and associated documents.; 3.2 Manufacture and Design - The BEARING,BALL,ANNULA furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the requirements as specified in ;MIL-DTL-17931F; . The ordering data/acquisition requirements/notes are ;as follows: a. Standard Part Number M17931-C015.; . 3.3 Marking - This assembly and its piece parts shall be physically identified in accordance with ;paragraph 3.8 of MIL-DTL-17931F and Mil-Std 129.; . 3.4 ;Quality Conformance Inspection / Test (Contractor Testing) - Quality Conformance Inspection and approval is required.; 3.5 ;Production Lot Test / Verification Inspection (Government Testing) - Verification Inspection and approval is required.; 3.6 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.6.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor. 3.7 Qualification Requirements - This item contains components that must be manufactured by a Government Qualified Products List (QPL) supplier. 3.8 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements. 4.2 Inspection System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain an inspection/quality system acceptable to the Government. The inspection system requirements for this contract/purchase order shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208. Suppliers certified to perform under ISO 9001 or ISO 9002 are granted permission to utilize the one desired in lieu of MIL-I-45208. 4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material. 4.4 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies. 4.5 ;Quality Conformance Inspection / Test (Contractor) - The contractor shall perform quality conformance inspection (nondestructive) in accordance with MIL-DTL-17931F Table VI. Quality conformance inspection sample size shall be in accordance with MIL-STD-105.; 4.6 ;Quality Conformance Inspection / Test Report - The Contractor shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD form 1423).; 4.7 ;Production Lot Test / Verification Inspection (Government) - The Contractor shall deliver unit(s) to Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division, Building 60, Room 150, Code 617, Bethesda, Md. 20817, for Verification Inspection in accordance with paragraph 4.4 (Verification Inspection) of MIL-DTL-17931F. Government Verification Inspection shall consist of nondestructive testing. If testing is nondestructive, Verification inspection sample(s) shall be returned to the contractor.; 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH. 6.2 Statement of Prior Approval Data - If the item(s) being offered meet the requirements specified in the contract/purchase order and is an exact duplicate of item(s) previously approved by the Government, furnish the NSN, name of prime manufacturer, drawing number, technical manual number, and previous contract number. Provide this information on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official. 6.3 Information regarding abbreviations, symbols and codes appearing on DD Form 1423 - The following information is provided to assist in understanding the intent of the requirement to provide a deliverable item to the government. The explanation of abbreviation, symbols and codes found in a block follows the block number as they appear on the DD Form 1423. Block A: Is the actual contract line item no. Block B: Is the actual collective physical list of the deliverable item(s) which are part of the total requirement of the contract/purchase order. Block C: Is the category of data required, TDP is defined in MIL-T-31000. TM is defined in Part 1X, Section B of DODI 5000.2. NAVICP has reasoned that most DD Form 1423's included in our solicitations meet the requirement of TDP as NAVICP does not regularly purchase only Technical Manuals without purchasing hardware and related TDP software. Therefore, most NAVICP DD Form 1423 category code will be TDP. Block D: Is the name of the parent system, next higher assembly, or the item being purchased. Block E: Is the purchase request number, request for proposal number, invitation for bid number or another number for tracking and monitoring purposes. Block F: Is the successful offerors name and or cage code. Block G: Is the name of the individual and or the code/activity of the individual who prepared the DD Form 1423 and included the requirement in the Technical Data Package (TDP). Block H: Self explanatory. Block I: Is the name and signature of the individual who approved the content and the need for inclusion of the DD Form 1423 in the TDP. Block J: Self explanatory. Block 1: Is the Exhibit Line Item Number (ELIN). Block 2: Is the title of the data item cited in Block 4. Block 3: Is the subtitle of the data item cited in Block 4 and is used if the title requires clarification. Block 4: Is the actual Data Item Description (DID) number or the actual Technical Manual Contract Requirements Number. In the event the DD Form 1423 is requiring a technical manual the numbered TMCR will be an attachment to the contract/purchase order. Block 5: Is the section and paragraph area, where the requirement statement for the DD Form 1423 will be found. Block 6: Is the activity that will inform the contractor of approval, conditional approval or disapproval of the deliverable item. Block 7: Is a code which designates authority for inspection and acceptance of the deliverable item. The definition of the codes is as follows: DD Form 250 Code Inspection Acceptance SS (1) (2) DD (3) (4) SD (1) (4) DS (3) (5) LT (6) (7) NO (8) (8) XX (9) (9) (1) Inspection at source. (2) Acceptance at source. (3) No inspection performed at source. Final inspection performance at destination. (4) Acceptance at destination. (5) Acceptance at source. Acceptance based on written approval from the Contract Officer. (6) Letter of transmittal only. LT should not be used when inspection is required. The data is sent by the contractor directly to the personnel listed in Block 14 of the DD Form 1423. LT is used when the contracting agency does not desire to have a DD Form 250 for each and every piece of data developed by the contractor. The only other authorized use of LT is the special case where the contracting agency does not desire to have separate DD Forms 250 but desires to have a Government quality assurance representative perform inspection. The Government quality assurance representative shall be listed on the distribution in Block 14 and requested to provide comments via the quality assurance letter of inspection. Use of the symbol LT is not authorized for data comprising final delivery of Technical Data Package of for Technical Manuals. (LT may, however, be used for delivery of preliminary TDP's or TM's). (7) As specified in Block 8 of the DD Form 1423. (8) No inspection or acceptance required. No DD Form 250 or letter of transmittal required. Use of the symbol NO is not authorized for data comprising Technical Data Packages or for Technical Manuals. (9) Inspection and acceptance requirements specified elsewhere in the contract. Block 8: Is the approval code - Items of critical data requiring specific advanced written approval prior to distribution of the final data item will be identified by placing an "A" in this field. This data item requires submission of a preliminary draft prior to publication of a final document. When a preliminary draft is required, Block 16 of the DD Form 1423 will show length of time required for Government approval/disapproval and subsequent turn-around time for the contractor to resubmit the data after Government approval/disapproval has been issued. Block 16 will also indicate the extent of the approval requirements, e.g., approval of technical content and/or format. Block 9: Is the distribution statement code which explains how the Government can circulate the deliverable item. The definition of codes A, B, C, D, E, F or X is as follows: A. Distribution of the item is unrestricted. B. Distribution of the item is limited to agencies only. C. Distribution of the item is limited to contractors with a cage code and have a DD Form 2345 on file with the Defense Logistics Service Center (DLSC) Battle Creek, Mich. or Government activities. D. Distribution of the item is limited to DOD activities and DOD contractors only. E. Distribution of the item is limited to DOD components only. F. Distribution of the item is restricted from Foreign Nations and Forign Nationals. Block 10: Is the frequency which the deliverable item is expected to be delivered to the Government. The abbreviations and their meaning. ANNLY Annually ASGEN As generated ASREQ As required BI-MO Every two months BI-WE Every two weeks DAILY Daily DFDEL Deferred Delivery MTHLY Monthly ONE/R One time with revisions QRTLY Quarterly SEMIA Every six months WEKLY Weekly XTIME Number of times to be submitted (1time, 2times...9times) Use of these codes requires further explanation in Block 16 to provide the contractor with guidance necessary to accurately price the deliverable data item. Other abbreviations not appearing on the above list may on occasion be used in Block 10 of the DD Form 1423. When other abbreviations are used they will be fully explained in Block 16 of the DD Form 1423. Block 11: Is the last calendar date, expressed in year/month/day format, the deliverable item is to be received by the requiring office cited in Block 6 of the DD Form 1423 for an item with a Block 10 entry indication a single delivery. If the item is to be submitted multiple times, the number stated is the number of calendar days after the frequency cited in Block 10 the item is to be received by the requiring office cited in Block 6 of the DD Form 1423. On occasion the deliverable item will be required to be submitted prior to the end of the frequency cited in Block 6. In that event the requirement will be fully explained in Block 16 of the DD Form 1423. Block 12: Is the date of first submission of the deliverable item to the requiring office (Block 4) expressed in year/month/day format. The abbreviations and their meaning are as follows: ASGEN As generated ASREQ As required DAC Days after contract date DFDEL Deferred Delivery EOC End of contract EOM End of month EOQ End of quarter Specific instructions for these requirements will be provided in Block 16. If the deliverable item is constrained by a specific event or milestone the constraint will be fully explained in Block 16 of the DD Form 1423. "As generated", "As required", and "Deferred Delivery" will always be fully explained in Block 16. Block 13: Is the date of subsequent submission of the deliverable item, after the initial submission. Subsequent submission is only used to indicate the specific time period. The data is required when Block 10 of the DD Form 1423 indicates multiple delivery is required. This does not apply to resubmission of a deliverable item that has been reviewed by the requiring office and determined to be only conditionally acceptable or unacceptable. Block 14a: Will contain the activity name(s) where the deliverable item is to be sent. If the activity is other than DCMC or NSPCC the full name, address (including code) will be specified. That specific information will be located in Block 16 of the DD Form 1423. Block 14b: Is the number of copies of draft and or final copies to be submitted. When final "Repro" copies ar to be submitted Block 16 will clarify the type of Repro copies required. (e.g., vellum, negative, etc.) Block 15: Is the total of each type of copies to be submitted as required by Block 14. Block 16: Is the block used to provide additional or clarifying information Blocks 1 through 15. This block is also the only area used to tailor the document listed in Block 4. Only deletions to the minimum requirements stated in the document in Block 4 are allowed. Block 16 may also be used to specify the medium for delivery of the data. Block 17: Is the block where the bidder or offerer is to enter the appropriate price group. The price group are defines as follows: A. Group I - Data which the contractor prepares to satisfy the Government's requirements. The contractor does not need this type of data to perform the rest of the contract. Price would be based on identifiable direct costs, overhead, General and Administrative (G&A) and profit. B. Group II - Data essential to contract performance which must be reworked or amended to conform to Government requirements. The price for data in this group would be based on the direct cost to convert the original data to meet Government needs and to deliver it, plus allocable overhead, G&A and profit. C. Group III - Data which the contractor must develop for his own use and which requires no substantial change to conform to Government requirements regarding depth of content, format, frequency of submittal, preparation, and quality of data. Only the costs of reproducing, handling and delivery, plus overhead, G&A and profit, are considered inpricing data in this group. D. Group IV - Data which the contractor has developed as part of his commercial business. Not much of this data is required and the cost is insignificant. The item should normally becoded "no charge." An example is a brochure or brief manual developed for commercial application which will be acquired in small quantities, and the added cost is too small to justify the expense of computing the charge that otherwise would go with the acquisition. Block 18: Enter the total estimated price equal to that portion of the total price which is estimated to be attributable to the production or development for the government of that ITEM OF DATA. THE ENTRY "N/C" FOR "NO CHARGE" is acceptable. 6.4 NOTE TO GOVERNMENT TESTING FACILITY - Upon completion of the Government tests cited under Section 4, Quality Assurance, a letter stating approval/disapproval of the testing performed shall be mailed within 5 days to the Naval Inventory Control Point, Attention: Procurement Contracting Officer, identified in this contract/purchase order, 5450 Carlisle Pike, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788. 6.5 ;External documents referenced in Section J of this contract are defined below: ^QTP-MIL-B-17931 - Qualification Test Plan For Mil-B-17931 Noise Tested Ball Bearings ; dated 01/24/2020; 6.5.1 ;Hard Copy documents listed above can be acquired from NAVSUP Program Manager or NAVSEA In-Service Engineering Agent.; P/N: M17931-C015 These bearings are shelf life code X (type 2, extendable...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176056805
  - Email: ABIGAIL.R.HURLBUT.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bd3904bcc6e547f1a7992d105a02b6dd/view