---
layout: default
title: CNC Milling Machine
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 52dce3ea121c46f2a94287129112cf34
---

# CNC Milling Machine

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 15:12:55.726-04
- Solicitation Number: FA910126QB030_CNC_Milling_Machine

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) RFO subpart 12.202, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Description of Requirements: The purpose of this solicitation is to procure a new CNC Milling Machine for the Technology Shop in Building 850 at Arnold Air Force Base, Tennessee. The specific requirements for this acquisition, including salient characteristics, are detailed in RFQ Attachment 1, Statement of Work (SOW). Statement of Responsibility: All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which shall be considered by the agency. This solicitation is not authorization to begin performance, and in no way obligates the Government for any costs incurred by the vendor associated with developing an offer. The Government reserves the right not to award a contract in response to this RFQ. Line Items (CLINs): Line Item Number (CLIN) Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure 0001 Assembled and enclosed CNC Milling Machine, IAW Attachment QTY: 1, 1 EA 0002 4th Axis, IAW Attachment QTY: 1 EA 0003 Oil Skimmer Kit, IAW Attachment QTY: 1, EA 0004 Strap Clamp Kit for 5/8-inch T-Slot, IAW Attachment QTY: 1 EA 0005 Deluxe BT30 Toolholding Set, IAW Attachment 1, QTY: 1 EA 0006 Waterproof Mouse, IAW Attachment, QTY: 1, EA 0007 Waterproof Keyboard, IAW Attachment, QTY: 1, EA Delivery and Acceptance: Date(s) of Delivery: To be proposed by offeror Place(s) of Delivery: Arnold Air Force Base, TN 37389 Place(s) of Acceptance: Arnold Air Force Base, TN 37389 F.O.B. Point: Destination Award Information: Award Procedures The Government intends to award a Firm-Fixed-Price purchase order to the responsible offeror whose quote, conforming to the solicitation, represents the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) Anticipated Award Date: Approximately 27 April 2026 Applicable Provisions and Clauses: All solicitation provisions and contract clauses applicable to this acquisition are provided in Attachment 3 Submission Requirements: Note: .zip files are not an acceptable format for the Air Force Network and will not go through our email system. The Offeror shall identify any exception to the RFQ terms and conditions with supporting rationale. The Government reserves the right to determine any such exceptions are unacceptable. Any exception determined unacceptable by the Government may result in the Offeror’s quote being determined unacceptable and ineligible for award. If no exceptions are taken, include a statement stating so with the offer. Please provide the following with the offer: Provide a quote for the CNC Milling Machine and associated items meeting the requirements outlined in RFQ Attachment 1 - Statement of Work. Provide completed Pricing Worksheet, RFQ Attachment 2. Provide technical specifications and/or documentation sufficient to demonstrate that the proposed product(s) meet all salient characteristics outlined in Attachment 1, Statement of Work. Provide the proposed delivery schedule. Provide completed copies of all provisions and clauses as required by Attachment 3. Point of Contact and Offer Submission: Contracting Officer: Ms. Leslie McGowan Contract Specialist Ms. Aliyah Moore Address: AFTC/PZI (Arnold), 100 Kindel Dr. Ste A332, Arnold AFB TN 37389-1332 Contact Information: aliyah.moore-minor@us.af.mil and leslie.mcgowan@us.af.mil Deadline for Questions: Friday, 17 April 2026 at 4:00 PM Central Daylight Time (CDT) Date for Receipt of Offers: Friday, 24 April 2026 Time for Receipt of Offers: 10:00 AM Central Daylight Time (CDT)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Aliyah P. Moore
  - Email: aliyah.moore-minor@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Leslie McGowan
  - Email: leslie.mcgowan@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Statement of Work (SOW). Statement of Responsibility: All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which shall be considered by the agency. This solicitation is not authorization to begin performance, and in no way obligates the Government for any costs incurred by the vendor associated with developing an offer. The Government reserves the right not to award a contract in response to this RFQ. Line Items (CLINs): Line Item Number (CLIN) Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure 0001 Assembled and enclosed CNC Milling Machine, IAW Attachment QTY: 1, 1 EA 0002 4th Axis, IAW Attachment QTY: 1 EA 0003 Oil Skimmer Kit, IAW Attachment QTY: 1, EA 0004 Strap Clamp Kit for 5/8-inch T-Slot, IAW Attachment QTY: 1 EA 0005 Deluxe BT30 Toolholding Set, IAW Attachment 1, QTY: 1 EA 0006 Waterproof Mouse, IAW Attachment, QTY: 1, EA 0007 Waterproof Keyboard, IAW Attachment, QTY: 1, EA Delivery and Acceptance: Date(s) of Delivery: To be proposed by offeror Place(s) of Delivery: Arnold Air Force Base, TN 37389 Place(s) of Acceptance: Arnold Air Force Base, TN 37389 F.O.B. Point: Destination Award Information: Award Procedures The Government intends to award a Firm-Fixed-Price purchase order to the responsible offeror whose quote, conforming to the solicitation, represents the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) Anticipated Award Date: Approximately 27 April 2026 Applicable Provisions and Clauses: All solicitation provisions and contract clauses applicable to this acquisition are provided in Attachment 3 Submission Requirements: Note: .zip files are not an acceptable format for the Air Force Network and will not go through our email system. The Offeror shall identify any exception to the RFQ terms and conditions with supporting rationale. The Government reserves the right to determine any such exceptions are unacceptable. Any exception determined unacceptable by the Government may result in the Offeror’s quote being determined unacceptable and ineligible for award. If no exceptions are taken, include a statement stating so with the offer. Please provide the following with the offer: Provide a quote for the CNC Milling Machine and associated items meeting the requirements outlined in RFQ Attachment 1 - Statement of Work. Provide completed Pricing Worksheet, RFQ Attachment 2. Provide technical specifications and/or documentation sufficient to demonstrate that the proposed product(s) meet all salient characteristics outlined in Attachment 1, Statement of Work. Provide the proposed delivery schedule. Provide completed copies of all provisions and clauses as required by Attachment 3. Point of Contact and Offer Submission: Contracting Officer: Ms. Leslie McGowan Contract Specialist Ms. Aliyah Moore Address: AFTC/PZI (Arnold), 100 Kindel Dr. Ste A332, Arnold AFB TN 37389-1332 Contact Information: aliyah.moore-minor@us.af.mil and leslie.mcgowan@us.af.mil Deadline for Questions: Friday, 17 April 2026 at 4:00 PM Central Daylight Time (CDT) Date for Receipt of Offers: Friday, 24 April 2026 Time for Receipt of Offers: 10:00 AM Central Daylight Time (CDT)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/52dce3ea121c46f2a94287129112cf34/view)