---
layout: default
title: GENERATOR MAINTENANCE Edwards AFB
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: d7b5c5cfc9354c96b62cdaa551780370
---

# GENERATOR MAINTENANCE Edwards AFB

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 17:43:02.027-04
- Solicitation Number: FA930226Q0038

## Summary

This is a Request for Quote (RFQ) Solicitation for the acquisition and generator maintenance services at Edwards AFB. Please see attachments for further details. (i) This is a solicitation for commercial service prepared in accordance with the format in RFO 5.201(c), as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Simplified Acquisition Procedures (RFO 12.201-1) will be used for this requirement. (ii) Solicitation Number: FA930226Q0038 **Please provide the full solicitation number on all packages** Interested parties who believe they can meet all the requirements for the service described in this solicitation are invited to submit, in writing, a complete quote. Offerors may utilize the attached SF1449 to complete quote information in addition to a separate quote (in PDF format); ensuring the quote contains information and pricing for all contract line items (CLINs) included on the SF1449. Offerors are required to submit with their quote enough information for the Government to evaluate the requirements detailed in this solicitation. Offerors shall submit quotes via email, please note the maximum file size is 10MB. Emails over this file size will not be received. Submit only written offers; oral offers will not be accepted. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). (iii) This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06, DFARS Change 10/24/2025 and DAFAC 2024-1016. (iv) THIS REQUIREMENT WILL BE: 100% Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number for this acquisition is 811310 "Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment Repair and Maintenance" with a size standard $12,500,000.00. (v) Period of Performance will be base plus four option years. (vi) The provision at RFO 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors--Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023), applies to this acquisition. Provisions and clauses can be viewed via internet at Acquisition.gov, https://www.acquisition.gov/. Offerors shall prepare their quotations in accordance with RFO 52.212-1. In addition, the following information shall be included: PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING CONTRACTOR INFORMATION WITHIN YOUR QUOTE: 1. SAM UEI: 2. TIN Number: 3. CAGE Code: 4. Contractor Name: 5. Payment Terms (NET 30) or Discount: 6. Point of Contact Name and Phone Number: 7. Email address: 8. Price: 9. Warranty: 10. Date Offer Expires: 11. FOB Destination: 12. Delivery Lead Time/ Period of Performance Terms: 13. Technical Approach: A Site visit will be held on 8 May 2026 at 9:30AM Pacific Daylight Time. If you are planning on attending the site visit, please email jamil.minosa.2@us.af.mil and jenna.jacobson@us.af.mil with a notice that you are planning to attend the site visit for Generator Mx Requirement. A DoD Safe link where your information can be submitted will be routed to your email. The drop off link request must be submitted by 1 May 2026 at 3:00PM PDT and your information must be sent through DoD Safe by 4 May 2026 at 11:00AM PDT. All questions are due on 11 May 2026 at 9:00AM Pacific Daylight Time. Quotes are due on 15 May 2026 at 9:00AM Pacific Daylight Time. All questions and quotes must be sent to jamil.minosa.2@us.af.mil and jenna.jacobson@us.af.mil. ----------------------------------- The evaluation factor used for this solicitation is Best Value. The provision at RFO 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) applies to this acquisition. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation is deemed as the Best Value. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: 1. Technical Acceptability 2. Price 3. Past Performance The Government will award a purchase order resulting from the RFQ to a responsible offeror whose quote is responsive to the RFQ and considered to be the Best Value. Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). The clause at RFO 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-- Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023), applies to this acquisition. Additional Contract Requirement or Terms and Conditions: Please find a contemplated list of additional provisions/clauses in the attachments; the final list of clauses is dependent upon actual dollar value of the contract award and may change from those provided in the attachment. Full text for the clauses and provisions can be accessed via https://www.acquisition.gov/ Defense Priorities and Allocation System (DPAS): N/A Quote Submission Information: It is the government's intent to award without discussions. Therefore, each initial quote should contain the offeror's best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the government reserves the right to conduct discussions if the Contracting Officer (CO) determines that discussions are necessary.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: JAMIL MINOSA
  - Email: jamil.minosa.2@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jenna Jacobson
  - Email: jenna.jacobson@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d7b5c5cfc9354c96b62cdaa551780370/view)