---
layout: default
title: Request for Proposal North Bend Family Housing
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 333ada90cbe944608d7f3d2a13de9914
---

# Request for Proposal North Bend Family Housing

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 09:11:55.225-04
- Solicitation Number: North_Bend_FAM_RFP

## Summary

The United States Coast Guard North Bend/Coos Bay, OR Family Housing Request For Proposals Direct Lease with an Option to Purchase of Family Housing Peter C. Spinella, Real Estate Contracting Officer Michael Gibson, Oregon State Real Property Specialist LCDR Erick Jackson, Coast Guard Housing Asset Line Chief THIS SOLICITATION is issued in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) 15.2. This is a solicitation for offers from vendors that have existing property that would be suitable for constructing residential housing. This is not a solicitation for an exclusive government construction project. Responses to this notice are only considered offers and cannot be accepted by the U.S. Government to form a binding contract. If a change occurs to this solicitation, it will be released through the System for Award Management (SAM.gov) website. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor this site for additional information pertaining to this Solicitation, or future solicitations. Any executed contract that results from this solicitation will be done under 14 USC 501(e). BACKGROUND The United States Coast Guard (USCG) is considering use of leasing authority provided by 10 USC 2835, leasing with an Option-to-Purchase, for housing needs identified in the North Bend / Coos Bay, Oregon area. A Direct Lease with the Option-to-Purchase under this authority is a form of acquisition that allows the USCG to enter into an agreement for the potential purchase of housing not yet constructed. The USCG will utilize these housing units for eligible CG personnel and family members who are stationed in the local area. The USCG expects to enter into a lease prior to the start of construction with lease implementation commencing once the homes have been cleared for occupancy. During the lease period, the USCG will perform due diligence and gather federal documents and reports to determine purchase eligibility. Once the reports are obtained, the USCG may exercise the option and purchase the property. Purchase offer price will be based on a government appraisal (subject to negotiations). PROJECT SCOPE/DELIVERABLES USCG Housing Notional Design Parameters Forty-Eight (48) housing units per the following breakdown: 30 units: 3-bedroom / 2 bath 14 units: 4-bedroom / 2 bath (minimum) 4 of these units to meet federal ADA family housing guidelines 1 unit: 3-bedroom / 2 bath (Most basic amenities. Unit should be located near the outer perimeter of all the other completed units) 2-car garages & off-street parking availability Acceptable layout options: Single Family Duplex 4 plex Garages may be attached or standalone Required upgrades (if applicable): Sprinkler systems are required for 3-Plex or multiplex layouts Other details: Each individual housing unit (regardless of layout option) may be constructed on an individual lot (preferred) Construction practices must adhere to all local, state, and federal codes/standards. The USCG prefers that all housing units be co-located within a single subdivision integrated within a larger community, however the USCG will consider alternatives Lease Details The Lease would be for One (1) year with up to, and not to exceed, Four (4) option years to extend the lease term. The USCG anticipates a total of Three (3) separate Leases representing a phased acquisition plan per the following schedule: Phase I – 10 units Phase II – 17 units Phase III – 18 units Each phase would be awarded subsequent only to the execution of the OtP at some point during the Lease term of the previous phase. The vendor may elect to assign the contract to a third-party (subject to USCG approval) that would take over lease execution and management. The expectation is the Option-to-Purchase would be executed during the second year of the lease, but the USCG does not guarantee the due-diligence period would not exceed this time. The Lease would be at current market rate at time of lease execution and at each extension. Standard warranty issues commiserate with new construction would be the builder’s responsibility throughout the Lease term. The USCG would perform non-warranty maintenance throughout the Lease term. The USCG would retain full responsibility for managing tenant occupancy and turnover throughout the Lease term. The USCG would guarantee rent payment regardless of unit occupancy status. The USCG pays rent for leased property “in arrears”. Monthly rent payments for the Lease would be released generally within the last 10 days of the month that is being paid. Payments made beyond the 6th day of the following month are considered late. ALL RENT PAYMENTS ARE MADE ELECTRONICALLY THROUGH Sam.GOV. In order to receive payment, vendor registration in Sam.GOV is required. Option-to-Purchase (OtP) Details: The USCG would retain first right-of-refusal to purchase the housing units. An OtP agreement would be attached and made part of the Lease. The OtP may include an OtP Fee, negotiated at time of Lease execution and valued at some percentage of the unit purchase price. The OtP Fee would be held in escrow pending final USCG decision to execute a purchase of the housing units at the end of each phase. Should the USCG decide NOT to purchase, the OtP Fee would be released to the vendor. Otherwise, the OtP Fee would be applied towards the final purchase payment. The maximum time the USCG would require for a decision to purchase is the maximum term of the Lease (5 years). The OtP Fee may NOT be used as, nor leveraged as capital during the contract term. The property seller must be able to provide clear title and proof of ownership to satisfy the requirements for start of USCG occupancy under the Lease. Seller must provide the USCG a copy of the lot survey (plat) for each unit constructed per the phased acquisition plan a minimum of two-weeks before USCG occupancy of the housing units. PROPOSAL CRITERIA Vendor proposals must include the following information to be considered: Housing Units: Floorplans/layouts with room types clearly identified for each unit type to include square footage. Proposed mechanical systems (i.e.; HVAC, water heater, sewage system type, water source, gas systems, emergency power, sewage lift systems, solar power, electrical service capacity, radon management, etc.) Proposed appliance packages and other furnishings. General construction details (i.e.; wood/metal studs, trusses/rafters, single/two-story, slabs/crawlspaces/basements, asphalt/metal roofing, wood/composite/brick/stone/vinyl siding, etc.) Asking purchase price per unit type (note; final purchase amount subject to USCG appraisal). Estimated monthly rent per unit type (note; subject to market rates at time of Lease execution). Additional criteria to consider: Site: Lot sizes and total number of lots available Overall development plan showing proposed roads, parking consideration, sidewalks, utilities, site lighting, lot locations and configuration (i.e.; cul-de-sac, vs. direct street access, etc.), green spaces, etc. Setbacks Easements Location (delineate extents of proposed site on a map) Proximity to support services such as accessible public transportation, schools, fire and emergency services, grocery stores, etc. Construction timeline – based on a One (1) year construction period, indicate how many houses can be completed (ready for occupancy) per unit type. Proposed amenities (i.e.; community playgrounds, meeting spaces, parks, storage lots, fences, water features, access/security, HOAs, etc.). Basis for Award Final selection will be based on “Best Value” that evaluates and compares ALL required elements including the following: Housing Unit Layouts and Floorplans Purchase Price Lease Rent Amenities Site Development Features Construction Timelines Construction Quality Send Expressions of Interest in response to this RFP to: Name/Title: LCDR Erick Jackson Address: 1301 Clay Street, Suite 700N, Oakland, CA 94612 Office/Fax: N/A Email Address: SMB-CEUOakland-RealProperty@uscg.mil NOTICE FOR FILING AGENCY PROTESTS United States Coast Guard Ombudsman Program. It is the policy of the United States Coast Guard (USCG) to issue solicitations and make contract awards in a fair and timely manner. The Ombudsman Program for Agency Protests (OPAP) was established to investigate agency protest issues and resolve them without expensive and time- consuming litigation. OPAP is an independent reviewing authority that is empowered to grant a prevailing protester essentially the same relief as the Government Accountability Office (GAO). Interested parties are encouraged to seek resolution of their concerns within the USCG as an Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) forum rather than filing a protest with the GAO or some external forum. Interested parties may seek resolution of their concerns informally or opt to file a formal agency protest with the Contracting Officer or Ombudsman. Informal Forum with the Ombudsman. Interested parties who believe a specific USCG procurement is unfair or otherwise defective should first direct their concerns to the applicable Contracting Officer. If the Contracting Officer is unable to satisfy their concerns, interested parties are encouraged to contact the U.S. Coast Guard Ombudsman for Agency Protests. Under this informal process the agency is not required to suspend contract award performance. Use of an informal forum does not suspend any time requirement for filing a protest with the agency or other forum. In order to ensure a timely response, interested parties should provide the following information to the Ombudsman: solicitation/contract number, contracting office, Contracting Officer, and solicitation closing date (if applicable). Formal Agency Protest with the Ombudsman. Prior to submitting a formal agency protest, protesters must first use their best efforts to resolve their concerns with the Contracting Officer through open and frank discussions. If the protester’s concerns are unresolved, an Independent Review is available by the Ombudsman. The protester may file a formal agency protest to either the Contracting Officer or as an alternative to that, the Ombudsman under the OPAP program. Contract award or performance will be suspended during the protest period unless contract award or performance is justified, in writing, for urgent and compelling reasons or is determined in writing to be in the best interest of the Government. The agency’s goal is to resolve protests in less than 35 calendar days from the date of filing. Protests shall include the information set forth in FAR 33.103(d) (2). If the protester fails to submit the required information, resolution of the protest may be delayed, or the protest may be dismissed. To be timely protests must be filed within the period specified in FAR 33.103(e). Formal protests filed under the OPAP program should be submitted electronically to OPAP@uscg.mil and the Contracting Officer or by hand delivery to the Contracting Officer. Election of Forum. After an interested party protests a Coast Guard procurement to the Contracting Officer or the Ombudsman, and while the protest is pending, the protester agrees not to file a protest with the GAO or other external forum. If the protest is filed with an external forum, the agency protest will be dismissed.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: LCDR Erick Jackson
  - Email: SMB-CEUOakland-RealProperty@uscg.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/333ada90cbe944608d7f3d2a13de9914/view)