---
layout: default
title: Chapman MWD Large Capacity Kennel
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: fa793ff880064c7eb9aaeadaf0b9d4de
---

# Chapman MWD Large Capacity Kennel

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-19 13:01:23.681-04
- Solicitation Number: W9126G27RA005

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE For FY27 JBSA Chapman MWD Large Capacity Kennel at Joint Base San Antonio, Texas This is a SOURCES SOUGHT notice; a market survey, for information only, to be used for preliminary planning purposes. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS AND NO CONTRACT WILL BE AWARDED FROM THIS NOTICE. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information or industry response to this notice or any follow up information requests. Not responding to this notice does not preclude participation in any future procurement. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized in the Government-Wide Point of Entry (GPE). It is the responsibility of potential offerors to monitor the GPE for additional information pertaining to this requirement. Responses to the sources sought will be utilized with other market research methods to establish the planned acquisition strategy. The planned acquisition strategy will be posted as a change to this synopsis, as required by regulation. The purpose of this notice is to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities and qualifications of industry, to include the Small Business Community: Small Business, Section 8(a), Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUB-Zone), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), or Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB). All are highly encouraged to respond to solidify the acquisition strategy. Note: This project is subjected to Project Labor Agreements (PLA) requirements. Please respond to the PLA-related questions provided below. The acquisition strategy will be determined based on responses received from this notice and/or other market research methods. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers – Fort Worth District has been tasked to solicit for and award a firm-fixed-price, design-bid-build construction project for the construction of a large DoD Military Working Dog (MWD) kennel complex at Joint Base San Antonio, Texas. The Government is seeking experienced firms for the following scope of work: Construct a large DoD Military Working Dog (MWD) kennel complex comprised of three kennel facilities, providing a total of 400 dog runs, and one Kennel Support Facility. Kennel facilities will include private indoor and outdoor dog runs for each animal, in accordance with Air Force MWD Facility standard designs, as well as interior and exterior corridors to access dogs from both the indoor and outdoor runs. Each kennel facility will also include central support spaces including a latrine, tack room, grooming/screening room, food prep areas, and storage rooms. Kennel facilities will also have a covered artificial turf exercise area running the length of the building, with fencing and gates to subdivide the area as necessary to isolate one or multiple dogs. Kennel buildings will be single-story structures with load bearing reinforced CMU walls at the perimeter of the buildings, brick veneer at the ends of the kennel wings and central support areas, standing seam metal roofs with a minimum 3:12 slope and sufficient insulation above deck to meet the local energy requirements, galvanized steel roof decks, open-web steel joists spanning the exterior walls without interior support columns, reinforced concrete ribbed mat slab foundations, reinforced concrete beams beneath the exterior CMU walls and interior beams, painted CMU interior construction, and sealed concrete floors. The Kennel Support Facility will be a single story, largely administrative building, with spaces for private offices, open work areas, training rooms/classrooms, locker rooms for trainers, storage rooms, etc. The final layout of the facility will be determined in close coordination with the end user in subsequent phases of design. The project includes all required site preparation, site improvements, utilities, stormwater management features, communications support, mass notification systems, fire protection and suppression systems, pavements, landscaping, and all supporting work for complete and usable facilities. The environmental remediation will consist of removal of contaminated soils likely present in the area. Facilities will be designed as permanent construction in accordance with DoD Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC) 1-200-01, General Building Requirements. This project will comply with DoD Antiterrorism/Force Protection requirements per UFC 4-010-01. Air Conditioning: 240 Tons. The target price range for this acquisition is $160M to $200M. Estimated duration of the project is 730 calendar days. NOTE: The project duration in the actual solicitation could be increased or decreased. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 236220 which has a small business size standard of $45,000,000. The Product Service Code is Y1AZ—Construction of Other Administrative Facilities and Service Buildings. Should this action be set-aside for small business, firms are reminded of the requirements under RFO Clause 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting. Firm will not pay more than 85% of the amount paid by the Government to the prime’s subcontractors that are not similarly situated. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count toward the 85% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Cost of materials are excluded and not considered to be subcontracted. Should this action be solicited as Full and Open Competition, a Small Business Participation Proposal will be identified as an evaluation factor in the solicitation. Large Business(es) must comply with RFO Clause 52.219-9 by submitting an acceptable Small Business Subcontracting Plan. Prior Government contract work is not required for submitting a response to this notice. However, respondents are reminded that all construction performance must follow the USACE Safety and Health Requirements Manual (EM 385-1-1), and must also comply with all Federal, State, and local laws, ordinances, codes and/or regulations. Anticipated solicitation issuance is mid-February 2027, and the estimated proposal due date will be early-April 2027. The official notice citing the solicitation number will be issued via the GPE and firms are to register electronically to receive a copy of the solicitation when it is issued. Response to this Notice shall be limited to 5 pages and shall include the following information: Firm’s name, address, point of contact, phone number, Unique Entity Identifier and e-mail address. Firm’s interest in bidding on the solicitation when it is issued. Firm’s experience to perform the magnitude and complexity outlined in the Scope of Work within the past 5 years above by providing: Brief description of the project, customer name, and dollar value of the project – provide at least 3 examples. Firm’s Business Size – LB, SB, 8(a), HUBZone, SDVOSB, or WOSB. Will the firm submit a response as a Joint Venture or other arrangement? If YES, provide specific type: Joint Venture, Mentor-Protégé, Teaming Arrangement, or Other Firm’s Bonding Capacity (construction bonding level per contract and aggregate construction bonding level, both expressed in dollars). PLA Questionnaire: 1. Do you have knowledge that a PLA has been used in the local area on projects of this kind? If so, please provide supporting documentation. 2. Are you aware of skilled labor shortages in the area for those crafts that will be needed to complete the referenced project? If so, please elaborate and provide supporting documentation where possible. 3. Are you aware of time sensitive issues/scheduling requirements that would affect the rate at which the referenced project should be completed? If so, please elaborate and provide supporting documentation where possible. 4. Identify specific reasons why or how you believe a PLA would advance the Federal Government’s interest in achieving economy and efficiency in Federal procurement. 5. Identify specific reasons why you do not believe a PLA would advance the Federal Government’s interest in achieving economy and efficiency in Federal procurement. 6. Identify any additional information you believe the Government should take into consideration regarding the use of a PLA on the referenced project. 7. Does your company intend to bid/propose on this project if a PLA requirement is included in the solicitation? Does your company intend to bid/propose on this project if a PLA requirement is not included in the solicitation? 8. What are the likely cost impacts, if any, to your bid/proposal price if a PLA requirement is included in the solicitation? Please provide as much detail as possible regarding any anticipated cost impacts (positive or negative) of the inclusion of a PLA requirement, including any information you can provide about the magnitude of the anticipated impact. This announcement and all information will be issued via the Government Point of Entry, and Offerors must be active in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for award of Government contracts. Interested Firms shall respond to this Notice no later than 3 April 2026. Email your response to Bijay Gurung at bijay.gurung@usace.army.mil. *EMAIL IS THE PREFERRED METHOD WHEN RECEIVING RESPONSES TO THIS NOTICE.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Bijay Gurung
  - Email: bijay.gurung@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 8178861018
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew Dickson
  - Email: matthew.s.dickson@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 8178861110

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fa793ff880064c7eb9aaeadaf0b9d4de/view)