---
layout: default
title: FAIRING,AIRCRAFT
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: ea05b21d50f74625be8324f921ea012b
---

# FAIRING,AIRCRAFT

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-03 06:56:48.098-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRPA125QEA92

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|N/A (FMS)||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT|8||||||||| TIME OF DELIVERY (JUNE 1997)|20|All CLINs/subCLINs |1 EA|421 days|||||||||||||||||| FMS DELIVERY AND SHIPPING INSTRUCTIONS|3|X|TAC = P924 |FMS Manager = aubree.l.brown4.civ@us.navy.mil| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice and Receiving Report (Combo)|Invoice 2 in 1|TBD|SPRPA1|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||||| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUN 2003)|6|365 days after date of final delivery |45 days after date of defect||||| EQUAL OPPORTUITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM (FEB 2024)|1|| ROYALTY INFORMATION (APR 1984)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025) (DEVIATION 2025-O0003)|12|336413|1,250 employees||||||||||| FACSIMILE PROPOSALS (OCT 1997)|1|In lieu of fax, please email electronic version to: Alexa.Kolb@dla.mil| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, ANDENERGY PROGRAM USE (APR 2008))|2||X| The purpose of this amendment is as follows: This solicitation is hereby modified in accordance with DoD Class Deviation 2025-O0003, Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity in Federal Contracts, which implements Executive Order (E.O.) 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity, and E.O. 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government and in accordance with Class Deviation 2025-O0004, Revocation of Executive Order on Sustainability which implements section 2(rr) of E.O. 14148, Initial Rescissions of Harmful Executive Orders and Actions, of January 20, 2025 (see 90 FR 8237), which revoked E.O. 14057, Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs Through Federal Sustainability, of December 8, 2021. The solicitation is amended as follows: (1.) If included in the solicitation, the following solicitation provisions and contract clauses are hereby deleted: 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities. 52.222-22, Previous Contracts and Compliance Reports. 52.222-23, Notice of Requirement for Affirmative Action To Ensure Equal Employment Opportunity for Construction. 52.222-24, Preaward On-Site Equal Opportunity Compliance Evaluation. 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance. 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity. 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity ? ALT I. 52.222-27, Affirmative Action Compliance Requirements for Construction. 52.222-29, Notification of Visa Denial. 52.223-19, Compliance with Environmental Management Systems. 52.223-22, Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals?Representation. (2.) If included in the solicitation, the following contract clauses are hereby revised as follows: 52.222-9, Apprentices and Trainees (Deviation 2025-O0003), in lieu of 52.229-9. 52.244-6, Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation 2025-O0003), in lieu of 52.244-6. 52.223-10, Waste Reduction Program (Deviation 2025-O0004), in lieu of 52.223-10. 52.223-23, Sustainable Products and Services (Deviation 2025-O0004), in lieu of 52.223-23. 52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications (Deviation 2025- O0004), in lieu of 52.204-8. 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications---Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation 2025-O00004), in lieu of 52.212-3. 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders---Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation 2025-O0004), in lieu of 52.212-5. 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders---Commercial Products and Commercial Services - ALT II (Deviation 2025-O0003), in lieu of 52.212-5. 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions---Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services) (Deviation 2025-O0004), in lieu of 52.212-4. \ This solicitation is being issued under Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF), formerly known as SEPA. Drawings and technical data are not available for this solicitation/requirement. Offerors are advised that offers received from sources which are not government-approved sources of supply will be deemed technically unacceptable, and therefore ineligible for award. Quotes/proposals from dealers/distributors for governmentapproved source(s) MUST submit via email a copy of their authorized distributor letter (on the actual manufacturer?s letterhead) to the buyer point of contact indicated on the solicitation at time of quote/proposal submission. This item can only be procured from suppliers who provide FAA-Certified parts which possess an FAA Authorized Release Certificate, FAA Form 8130-3 Airworthy Approval Tag. NAVSUP WSS Code N2 determined that the requirements at DFARS 1.274 which 211.274 which mandates the use of DFARS clause 252.211-7003 "Item Unique Identification and Valuation" in all solicitations and awards bedeleted from all non-CLSSAFMS spares requirements processed by NAVSUP WSS and DLA-Aviation. The affected parts are wholly owned by FMS customer countries, are not covered by a Cooperative Logistics Supply Support Arrangement (CLSSA), these same assets will be delivered to the customer country for their sole use. The IUID definition at DFARS 211.274-1 states IUID "is a system of marking, valuing and tracking items delivered to DoD." These spares are non-CLSSA FMS assets and will never be delivered to DoD. The assets are delivered to a domestic U.S. freight forwarder who is under contract by the FMS customer to ship the assets to the country of record. The FMS customer countries retain ownership of their parts throughout the asset's lifecycle. These parts will never be owned by the U.S. Government, and will never be entered into the DoD supply chain. Based on this, there is no need for these non-CLSSA FMS country assets to be specially marked for tracking by DoD.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2157370525
  - Email: ALEXA.KOLB@DLA.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ea05b21d50f74625be8324f921ea012b/view)