---
layout: default
title: J065-- New Abbott Ensite Base Plus Two
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 50314ffe0b5e48f5a789c5537350bf5c
---

# J065-- New Abbott Ensite Base Plus Two

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 18:18:18.587-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0554
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 24 of 24 Page 1 of Page 1 of Page 1 of Page 1 of This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C26026Q0554. The Government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price service order from this solicitation. This is a solicitation for Abbott EnSite services. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01 Effective March 13, 2026. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 811210, and the PSC is J065. All interested companies shall provide the following: The Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Healthcare Administration, Regional Procurement Office West, Network Contracting Office 20, on behalf of the Portland VA Healthcare System, requires on-site, full-service maintenance and repair services for Abbot systems in accordance with the Statement of Work below. The required period of performance shall be one year plus two 1-year option years. Price/Cost Schedule: Â Line Item Â Â Quantity Total 0001 BASE YEAR Abbott EnSite Contract Includes service plans for the EnSite X System, Ampere Generator, Cool Point Irrigation Pump, and TactiSys Quartz System YR 1 1001 OPTION YEAR ONE (1) Abbott EnSite Contract Includes service plans for the EnSite X System, Ampere Generator, Cool Point Irrigation Pump, and TactiSys Quartz System YR 1 2001 OPTION YEAR TWO (2) Abbott EnSite Contract Includes service plans for the EnSite X System, Ampere Generator, Cool Point Irrigation Pump, and TactiSys Quartz System YR 1 STATEMENT OF WORK Background: Abbott Ensite X Cardiac Mapping system is utilized in Cath/EP Labs. Each of the components covered in this contract have a specific and vital function in the operation and optimization of the Ensite Cardiac Mapping System to provide efficient and effective patient care. Scope of Work: The contractor shall provide all resources necessary to provide service coverage for the cardiac mapping and any ancillary equipment needed to accomplish emergency (unscheduled) and preventative maintenance inspections and/or repairs for equipment. The contractor ensures the proper functioning and safety of the equipment at the completion of inspection/repairs. The contractor is expected to have the system functioning at an uptime of 97% and higher for the coverage of the equipment. Performance Period: The period of performance of the contract is for 12 months from the date of the award. Work at the government site shall not take place on Federal holidays or weekends unless preapproved in writing by the Contracting Officer. Type of Contract: Firm Fixed Price single-year full-service maintenance and repair Place of Performance: VA Portland Healthcare System Portland, Oregon; Vancouver, Washington Cardiology/DHSM Performance Tasks: General Requirements: Contractor shall provide all parts, labor, transportation, and supervision to perform emergency (unscheduled) and preventative maintenance inspections and repairs of the equipment and software. All software upgrades and/or expanded software services for mapping system shall be scheduled within 30 days of release A Field Service Report (FSR) shall be generated, and a copy given to the VA Portland s Point of Contact (POC) or designee after completion of any maintenance events. It is preferred that this FSR be provided electronically if possible. The contractor s representative shall coordinate all on-site work with the medical center POC prior to performing service at the VA Portland Hospital. Coverage includes Ampere RF Ablation Generator, Cool Point irrigation pump, and Tactisys Quartz system Contractor shall make available any hardware revisions to mapping system and generator at no additional cost to the government. These revisions shall be scheduled to arrive and be installed within 30 days of release Specific Mandatory Tasks and Associated Deliverables: Preventative Maintenance (PM): Preventative maintenance (PM) shall be performed by factory-trained and authorized service representatives or service technicians. All PM services shall be performed during normal business hours (8:00am to 5:00pm) if possible. Any PM scheduled after hours shall be approved by POC. If non-standard hours are necessary for PM, the Government will provide access during non-standard hours to the clinical area. Contractor shall include non-standard hours for PM at no additional cost to the Government. PM inspections frequency will depend upon system configuration and will be determined following an initial inspection. During the PM visit, the Contractor shall perform preventative maintenance to correct any equipment malfunctions and assure that the equipment meets manufacturer s factory specifications. Any calibration procedures or adjustments necessary to assure accurate and reliable equipment operation shall be performed at this time. Preventative maintenance shall be performed in accordance with the original equipment manufacturer s published procedural guidelines. The Contractor shall contact the POC no later than ten (10) workdays prior to a scheduled service visit to confirm availability of the equipment. The Contractor shall provide telephone support services with unlimited telephone support. Priority scheduling of on-site service requirements with minimized delay of patient services will be required. Emergency Service Calls: Contractor shall provide on-site emergency field service support for the covered equipment for issues that cannot be resolved by telephone or through remote support. Emergency field service support includes non-standard business hours coverage. To qualify as an emergency service event, Customer must declare the equipment down, cease treatment and make the equipment available to contractor service personnel immediately. For each emergency service visit initiated at the request of the POC or designee, the Contractor shall furnish all labor, material, repair parts, equipment (not to include operating supplies) and travel necessary to correct any equipment malfunctions and return equipment to operational condition. The Contractor shall guarantee that, at the conclusion of any emergency maintenance performed, the equipment will meet manufacturer s factory specifications. Unlimited emergency service calls are provided during the annual contract period. After each service call, the Contractor shall submit a list containing each part installed to the POC or designee. The Contractor shall provide the POC or the designee with any service representative names, address, and phone number, so that the VA Medical Center may obtain emergency maintenance service after normal VA working hours. The Contractor is responsible for notifying POC or the designee within twenty-four (24) hours of any changes in the emergency response information. Emergency service coverage shall be provided 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. Any service not covered under this contract must have prior approval of the Contracting Officer or designee before any work is performed. A one-day response time is required. Response time is defined as time vendor is first notified until time vendor arrives on station. Telephone response is 15 minutes. All parts shall ship overnight for all down systems at no additional cost to the Government. Loaner systems, components and modules shall be provided at no additional cost to the government if service cannot be restored in one day Other included service: Contractor will perform all mandatory safety and reliability modifications for the covered equipment during standard business hours at mutually agreed upon dates and times. Contractor will provide all parts necessary to keep the covered equipment functioning normally. Contractor help desk specialists will provide technical support and clinical product support for the covered equipment over telephone and e-mail during standard business hours. Contractor will provide on-site field service support for the covered equipment during standard business hours and non-standard business hours for issues that cannot be resolved by telephone or through remote support. All parts shall ship Next Day for non-down systems All non covered Parts and services shall receive a 20% discount. Contractor will undertake every business effort to transport the parts to customer site as fast as reasonably possible. Contractor will provide a discount from the published standard labor rate for any service performed that is not covered under the Service Level Agreement. Security: Contractor shall report to Biomedical Engineering Office to obtain vendor identification badging and to check in before being escorted to the clinical area for service. Schedule of Deliverables: Document of necessary repairs accomplished (service report) will be forwarded when the service is completed, and equipment is returned to use. This shall be completed within 14 days from completion of service. If the contractor requires a longer period of time to complete the service report, a written justification shall be sent to the end user and Contracting Officer for approval. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions (SEP 2024) 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representations (JAN 2017) 52.204-7 System for Award Management (OCT 2018) 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards (MAY 2014)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation (JUN 2020) 52.233-2 Service of Protest (SEPT 2006) 52.252-1 Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) 852.215-72 Notice of Intent to Re-solicit (OCT 2019) 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternate Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) 852.239-71 Information System Security Plan and Accreditation (FEB 2023) 852.239-75 Information and Communication Technology Accessibility Notice (FEB 2023) System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS a) Submissions of Offer: Offerors are required to submit their offer in response to this solicitation specifically tailored to the unique requirements of the Statement of Work. Please submit the quote to Krystal.Weeks@gmail.com and nco20supplyteam2@va.gov by the time and date indicated on the face page of the solicitation document. Include the solicitation number in the Subject line. Any attachments must be readable using Microsoft Office or Adobe PDF. The size of the email is limited to 5 megabytes (MB), but multiple emails are allowable. Quotes must be submitted electronically and will not be accepted through fax or postal mail. b) Products/service capability description: Offerors shall provide confirmation from OEM that your company is an authorized provider for OEM parts, and authorization from the OEM authorizing your company to service the equipment proposed. c) Certification: Offer must demonstrate that personnel have the certification necessary to provide the service of the proposed equipment. d) Pricing: Complete the Pricing Table submitting a firm-fixed-price quote to include all costs associated with providing all line items listed. This should encompass labor, materials, travel, equipment, and any applicable fees. e) Required Submissions: Offers not providing the following may not be considered for award: 1. Signed Authorization from the OEM to provide OEM parts and service OEM equipment, 2. Evidence of ability to provide services as detailed in section b above, 3. If not local to the requisite service area, evidence detailing how and by whom all services in accordance with the Statement of Work will be made, 4. A list of technical certifications and experience of the individuals that will be providing the services and a company capability statement. Note: It is essential that all offerors follow these instructions in order to be considered for this award. Submit offers via email referencing the solicitation number in the subject line. (a) Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) goods sold or leased through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for new OEM medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e., replacement parts) for VA Medical Centers. No remanufactures or gray market items will be acceptable. (b) Offeror shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor or authorized reseller for the proposed medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e., replacement parts), verified by an authorization letter or other documentation, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. (c) Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. (d) Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contractors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. (e) All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments, or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. (f) All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Items : The Government may award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Offeror must be a manufacturer authorized provider for the items and provide sufficient evidence to show capability to comply with the requirements of the Statement of Work. 1. Price: The price will be evaluated based on the total of all contract line items. A price will be determined reasonable if, in its nature or amount, it does not exceed what would be incurred by a reasonably prudent person. *Adherence to the requirements of, and demonstrating capabilities to comply with, the Statement of Work is more important than price. Any offer not meeting these standards will not be evaluated for price. (a) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offeror's specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products (OCT 2018) ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-4 The following clauses are included as a part of the addendum: https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp (VAAR) 52.203-6 ALT I. Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (NOV 2021) 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (NOV 2023) 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (JAN 2017) 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded (JAN 2025)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.209-10 Prohibition of Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (NOV 2015)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (NOV 2020)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns (JAN 2025)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-3 Convict Labor (JUN 2003)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans (JUNE 2020)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUNE 2020)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (DEC 2010)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-50 Combatting Trafficking in Persons (NOV 2021)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of Service Contract Labor Standards (MAY 2014)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.228-5 Insurance Work on a Government Installation (JAN 1997) 52.229-3 Federal, State, and Local Taxes (FEB 2013)(DEVIATION SEP 2025) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013) 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems (NOV 2025) 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) VAAR Clauses: 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) 852.204-70 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (MAR 2026)(DEVIATION) 852.204-71 Information and Information Systems Security (FEB 2023) 852.212-71 Gray Market Items (NOV 2018) 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899 (Deviation)(APR 2025) 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) 852.239-76 Information and Communication Technology Accessibility (FEB 2023) 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Krystal Weeks
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: krystal.weeks@va.gov
  - Phone: 253-209-3726

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/50314ffe0b5e48f5a789c5537350bf5c/view)