---
layout: default
title: FY27 AFHC Renovate Tower B743 CZ Camp Zama, Kanagawa Japan
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 3a0595475c20434082a1f9de03e645ee
---

# FY27 AFHC Renovate Tower B743 CZ Camp Zama, Kanagawa Japan

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-09 01:50:09.597-04
- Solicitation Number: W912HV26Z0011

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT MARKET SURVEY W912HV-26-Z-0011 FY27 AFHC Renovate Tower B743 CZ Camp Zama, Kanagawa Japan INTRODUCTION: The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Japan District (POJ), is performing market research for an upcoming Design-Bid-Build (DBB) requirement entitled, " FY27 AFHC Renovate Tower B743 CZ Camp Zama, Kanagawa Japan" This announcement represents a market survey that is intended for planning purposes only. The purpose of this notice is to identify sources capable of performing this project and to receive responses from those firms to assist the Government's acquisition planning. This survey does not constitute a commitment by the Government for any follow-on announcements, solicitation, or award. This notice is NOT a solicitation. The Government will not pay for any information provided as a result of this market survey. This market survey is intended for local sources only. Local sources are those sources physically located and licensed to conduct business in Japan. Firms interested and capable of performing this work are highly encouraged to submit a response (submission requirements are located within this notice). We are committed to partnering with industry as much as we can throughout this process and therefore encourage all interested companies to respond to this sources sought. Market research and industry feedback is an essential part of the acquisition process. The information requested in this announcement will be used within USACE-POJ to facilitate decision-making and will not be disclosed outside the agency. However, respondents submitting business information pursuant to this Sources Sought/RFI announcement should consult 41 C.F.R. parts 105-60 and other implementing regulations concerning the release of such information to third parties under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). All information submitted by respondents that they consider confidential and not releasable to third parties outside of USACE, and its employees, agents, consultants, and representatives, must be clearly and conspicuously marked. SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM) All interested companies, including joint ventures, shall be registered in the SAM database in order to be eligible for award of Government contracts. https://www.sam.gov CYBERSECURITY MATURITY MODEL CERTIFICATION (CMMC) NOTICE DoD’s CMMC Program mandates that all organizations handling Federal Contract Information (FCI) or Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) maintain specific cybersecurity maturity levels to protect sensitive data. CMMC provides a consistent methodology to assess compliance with cybersecurity requirements and standards set forth in the 48 CFR 52.204-21; National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP) 800-171, Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems. Information concerning the CMMC Program is available at SAM.gov. See special notice, "Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Program Implementation" issued by USACE Headquarters, Directorate of Contracting. SAM.gov and https://dodcio.defense.gov/CMMC/ for more information on how to get certified. USACE POJ anticipates that all solicitations will require Basic (Level 1) certification or higher. If your company is not certified at Basic (Level 1) or higher you will not be eligible to receive a contract award. LOCAL SOURCES Firms which have not done business with U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Japan Engineering District, are requested to visit the following website: https://www.poj.usace.army.mil/Business-With-Us/ for general information. This contract will be performed in its entirety in the country of Japan and is intended only for local sources. ?Only local sources will be considered under this solicitation.? Local sources are sources (e.g. corporations, partnerships, or Joint Ventures [For a Joint Venture, the Joint Venture as an independent entity must satisfy the local source requirements or, in the alternative, each member of the Joint Venture must individually satisfy the local source requirements]) that are physically located in Japan and authorized (i.e. licensed and registered) to perform construction in Japan. Specifically, a prospective bidder must be duly authorized to operate and conduct construction business in Japan and must fully comply with all applicable laws, decrees, labor standards, and regulations of Japan during the performance of the resulting contracts. In addition, bidders must possess a Japanese civil construction (doboku isshiki koji) license or Japanese architectural construction (kenchiku isshiki koji) license by the bid due date and time. The U.S. Government will verify that the bidder has the license through the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism (MLIT) website at https://etsuran2.mlit.go.jp/TAKKEN. It is the responsibility of the bidder to ensure that it has the license (Japanese civil construction or Japanese architectural construction), and that it is accurately shown on the MLIT website, by the bid due date and time.? Failure to comply with this requirement will be cause for rejection of your bid. The U.S. Government will not offer “United States Official Contractor” status under Article XIV of the US-Japan Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA) to U.S. contractors normally resident in the United States; nor will the U.S. Government certify employees of such contractors as “Members of the Civilian Component” under Article I(b) of the SOFA. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ PROJECT INFORMATION Project Title: FY27 AFHC Renovate Tower B743 CZ Project(s) Location: Camp Zama, Kanagawa, Japan Product Service Code (PSC): Y1FA – Construction of Family Housing Facilities NAICS Code: 236118 – Residential Remodelers Project Magnitude: Between ¥10,000,000,000 and ¥25,000,000,000 Japanese Yen (DFARS 236.204) PROJECT DESCRIPTION: Repair family housing high-rise Building 743 (B743). B743 is a nine-story, 141,598 SF, multi-unit family housing tower, comprised of 68 three-bedroom, two-bath apartment units with public areas and a community room on the ground floor. The facility was constructed in 1992. The project includes the removal and replacement of the existing failed/failing building systems to include roof, roof drains and downspouts, windows, exterior doors, railings at stairs and balconies, bird control netting on balconies, louvers, grills, ventilation wall caps, interior walls, interior doors, elevators and elevator control systems, interior finish, finish floors, cabinets and countertops, ceilings, plumbing, HVAC, HVAC controls, electrical infrastructure including conduits and conductors, distribution gear, transformers, panels, and standby generator with diesel fuel tank, fire detection, alarm, and protection system; fire pump with standby power and fuel storage tank; interior, exterior, and emergency lighting and lighting controls; building access security and video monitoring; building communications infrastructure to include telephone, internet connectivity and cable; and Energy Management and Control System (EMCS). NOTE: The DRAFT Specifications, Drawings and/or Plans included in this Notice are provided for informational purposes only. Interested firms are cautioned that all attachments to this notice are provided in draft format and subject to change. ESTIMATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: 910 calendar days PROPOSED PROCUREMENT METHOD: The Government is considering a procurement approach that combines PREQUALIFICATION OF SOURCES (as outlined in DFARS 236.272) with SEALED BIDDING. See attached Market Survey Questions for more details. The Government anticipates soliciting in December 2026 as a FY27 Award. This survey does not constitute a commitment by the Government for any follow-on announcements, solicitation, or award. Any solicitations pursued will be intended for local sources only. Local sources are those sources physically located and authorized to perform construction work in Japan. The Government anticipates the issuance of an Invitation for Bids (IFB) solicitation. Submission Requirements for responses to this Market Survey: Interested sources are requested to answer the questions in the attached W912HV-26-Z-0011 Market Survey and email the completed form to the following individuals no later than 2:00 P.M. on Friday, April 3, 2026, Japan Standard Time. We appreciate your honest feedback in helping to develop an effective acquisition strategy that is advantageous for all interested parties. Contracting Officer – Dr. Nakiba S. Jackson at nakiba.s.jackson@usace.army.mil Contract Specialist – Charles L. Qi at charles.l.qi@usace.army.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Charles Qi
  - Email: charles.l.qi.civ@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 0464074823
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Nakiba Jackson, DM
  - Email: Nakiba.S.Jackson@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 0464073398

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3a0595475c20434082a1f9de03e645ee/view)