---
layout: default
title: King Air 360ER Full Flight Simulator – Purchase, Install, and Support
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: a17964c2e3a14c7eaeee6f578962c8bf
---

# King Air 360ER Full Flight Simulator – Purchase, Install, and Support

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 14:42:35.939-04
- Solicitation Number: 6973GH-26-R-00060

## Summary

The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is requesting proposals for the purchase, installation, and support of a King Air 360 Extended Range (ER) Full Flight Simulator (FFS) to be located at the Mike Monroney Aeronautical Center (MMAC) in Oklahoma City, OK. The FAA intends to award one (1) contract that includes Firm Fixed Price, Time and Materials, and Cost Reimbursable components to the lowest-price technically acceptable offeror. This competitive award process is open and unrestricted. Offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for the award. Further eligibility requirements are detailed in Sections L and M of the Solicitation for Offers (SIR). All documents attached to this announcement are considered by the FAA to be in final format at this time. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS (Q&A) The Q&A period for this Solicitation for Offers (SIR) runs from the release of the solicitation until 4:00 PM Central Time on March 16, 2026. Minor clarification questions may be answered directly to the requester. Questions that result in changes to the SIR or its attachments, or those that impact the understanding of all offerors, will be publicly posted along with their responses. The FAA reserves the right to accept or reject questions received after this deadline. Offerors are cautioned that the FAA does not intend to extend the solicitation's closing date to accommodate responses to late questions. PRE-BID SITE VISIT RSVP Required for Site Access/Installation Pass Please submit the names of attendees, company name, and individual phone numbers to the Site Visit Point of Contact (POC) listed below no later than 4:00 PM Central Time on Monday, March 16, 2026. A pre-bid site visit is scheduled as follows: Date: March 19, 2026 Time: 8:00 AM Central Time Address: 6500 S MacArthur Blvd, Oklahoma City, OK 73169 Meeting Location for Escort: MMAC Visitor Center parking lot Site Visit POC: Name: Josh Huckeby Phone: 405-954-1684 Email: Joshua.D.Huckeby@faa.gov This site visit is open to all interested and eligible vendors. For more information, refer to section 3.2.2.3-63 SITE VISIT (CONSTRUCTION) (JUL 2024) in Section L of the SIR document. Registered attendees must proceed to the Mike Monroney Aeronautical Center (MMAC) Visitor’s Center, located just outside the main west entrance gate on South Regina Avenue. Do not attempt to enter the main west entrance gate directly; an escort is required to obtain a badge prior to entering the MMAC. Note: During the site visit, the FAA will not provide transportation to the PTS Facility for potential offerors to view the worksite. Offerors must register their vehicles and provide documentation (e.g., vehicle registration, insurance, rental car agreement) to travel onto the MMAC campus. It is requested that only one (1) car per company’s site visit team be brought to the Mike Monroney Aeronautical Center, as parking may be limited. IMPORTANT INFO: In accordance with AC 1600.86, Visitor Control, and FAA Order 1600.69C, all visitors to the MMAC are required to have a valid form of government issued identification/REAL-ID compliant identification. (Photocopies or IDs without a picture are not acceptable) The following are acceptable forms of ID for visitors: • U.S. Department of Transportation issued PIV. • U.S. Passport or U.S. Passport Card. • REAL-ID compliant US state issued Driver’s license or ID card. • U.S. Military or U.S. Military dependent’s ID Card with photograph. • Other U.S. Government issued PIV.I will meet site visit participants outside of the MMAC Visitor’s Center identified in the attached picture on July 12th at 9:30 a.m. Requests for future site visits may or may not be accommodated, depending on the availability of FAA resources. Any future site visit opportunities will be posted in this announcement. Requests for private site visits are unlikely to be considered. Any inquiries regarding additional pre-bid site visits should be directed to the POC listed in this announcement. RESPONDING TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT To be considered fully responsive to this announcement and eligible for an award, the following must be submitted: Complete SIR Document (a single completed document; do not exclude any pages or sections) Completed Attachment 02 Schedule B Price List Completed Organizational Experience Questionnaire (OEQ) Simulator Design Technical and Management Approach Refer to Section L of the SIR for instructions and the minimum information required. Section M of the SIR outlines how the FAA will evaluate the proposals received. Please note that the submittal formats described in Section L are mandatory. Offers must be submitted no later than the closing date and time specified in this announcement. Offers received afterward will be considered "late" and will not be evaluated for award consideration. All updates to this announcement, as well as amendments to the SIR or other attachments, will be posted on the System for Award Management (SAM.gov) during the solicitation period. It is highly encouraged that interested vendors continuously monitor this announcement throughout the solicitation period for changes, Q&A posts, and other updates. Be sure to check the announcement again shortly before submitting official responses. The FAA reserves the right to cancel this solicitation at any time, for any reason, and without notice. Any costs incurred developing a proposal, attending a site visit, or otherwise responding to this announcement is at the risk of the interested offeror. Award Management System (AMS) is the governing acquisition regulation for the FAA instead of FAR. You can learn more about the FAA’s procurement policies, procedures, and guidance at the following website: https://fast.faa.gov/PPG_Procurement.cfm

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Josh Huckeby
  - Email: joshua.d.huckeby@faa.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Schedule B Price List Completed Organizational Experience Questionnaire (OEQ) Simulator Design Technical and Management Approach Refer to Section L of the SIR for instructions and the minimum information required. Section M of the SIR outlines how the FAA will evaluate the proposals received. Please note that the submittal formats described in Section L are mandatory. Offers must be submitted no later than the closing date and time specified in this announcement. Offers received afterward will be considered "late" and will not be evaluated for award consideration. All updates to this announcement, as well as amendments to the SIR or other attachments, will be posted on the System for Award Management (SAM.gov) during the solicitation period. It is highly encouraged that interested vendors continuously monitor this announcement throughout the solicitation period for changes, Q&A posts, and other updates. Be sure to check the announcement again shortly before submitting official responses. The FAA reserves the right to cancel this solicitation at any time, for any reason, and without notice. Any costs incurred developing a proposal, attending a site visit, or otherwise responding to this announcement is at the risk of the interested offeror. Award Management System (AMS) is the governing acquisition regulation for the FAA instead of FAR. You can learn more about the FAA’s procurement policies, procedures, and guidance at the following website: https://fast.faa.gov/PPG_Procurement.cfm

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a17964c2e3a14c7eaeee6f578962c8bf/view)