---
layout: default
title: Preventive Maintenance (PM) and Unscheduled Repair for Miscellaneous Food Processing (MFP) equipment for Group 36 (VA Stores)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 8bed90da547044d99f175097ed64a50a
---

# Preventive Maintenance (PM) and Unscheduled Repair for Miscellaneous Food Processing (MFP) equipment for Group 36 (VA Stores)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 08:22:57.911-04
- Solicitation Number: HQC004-25-Q-E033

## Summary

COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION [FAR 5.207(a)(16) Description] (i)This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products prepared in accordancewith the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii)Solicitation Number HQC004-25-Q-E033 This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quotes (iii)This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06 dated October 1, 2025 (iv)Set-Aside and NAICS Code: •This solicitation is Small Business Set-Aside •The applicable NAICS Code is 811310 •The small business size standard is $12.5 M (v)The Government anticipates awarding a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) contract for the commercial services listed in the Contract Line-Item Numbers (CLINs). See Attachment 1. (vi)Description of Requirements: This requirement is for Preventive Maintenance (PM) and Unscheduled Repair for Miscellaneous Food Processing (MFP) equipment. The MFP equipment consists of mixers and grinders, meat saws, oven, and proofers. The contractor will provide all labor, supervision, equipment, tools, materials, transportation, permits and any other necessary items to keep MFP equipment operational through scheduled preventative maintenance and unscheduled maintenance repairs. For additional details, see Attachment 2. (vii)Commissary Locations: Fort Eustis, Fort Lee, Langley AFB, Little Creek, Norfolk, Oceana, Portsmouth, Fort Belvoir and Quantico (VA) commissary stores. See attachment 3 for addresses and current equipment lists. The anticipated period of performance is from April 1, 2026 to March 31, 2031. (viii)The provision at 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and CommercialServices, applies to this acquisition. See addenda to the provision provided in Attachment 4. (ix)Evaluation will be based on Technical Capability, Past Performance and Price. Evaluation will be in accordance with FAR part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (x)The provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications - CommercialProducts and Commercial Services, with Alternate I applies to this acquisition. See attached clause (Attachment 5). (xi)The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products andCommercial Services, applies to this acquisition. Please see addendum in Attachment 6. (xii)The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition.See Attachment 7 for applicable clauses stated within. (xiii)Additional Contract Requirements The following additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions apply to this acquisition: •See Attachment 8 Provisions and Clauses Incorporated byReference •See Attachment 9 Provisions and Clauses Incorporated in Full Text •See Attachment 10 Preventative Maintenance Checklists (xiv)Reserved. (xv)Submit signed and dated quotes to Tammy Torres at Tammy.Torres@deca.mil or Langston Hines at Langston.Hines@deca.mil on or before: •Date Quotes Are Due: March 19, 2026 •Time Quotes Are Due: 2:00 PM EST (xvi) Any questions pertaining to the solicitation must be submitted no later than March 12, 2026 to the persons above. The following attachments as referenced are provided as part of this solicitation: Attachment 1 – CLIN Structure and Price Submission Document Attachment 2 – Performance Work Statement (PWS) Attachment 3 – Store Delivery Addresses and Equipment Lists Attachment 4 – Addendum to FAR clause 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services Attachment 5 – FAR clause 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with Alternate I Attachment 6 – Addendum to FAR clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services Attachment 7 – FAR clause 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services Attachment 8 – Provisions and Clauses Incorporated by Reference Attachment 9 – Provisions and Clauses Incorporated in Full Text Attachment 10 - Preventative Maintenance Checklists Please review each attachment carefully. Incomplete submissions will not be considered.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tammy Torres
  - Email: tammy.torres@deca.mil
  - Phone: 804734800048549
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Langston Hines
  - Email: Langston.Hines@deca.mil
  - Phone: 804734800052703

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . (vi)Description of Requirements: This requirement is for Preventive Maintenance (PM) and Unscheduled Repair for Miscellaneous Food Processing (MFP) equipment. The MFP equipment consists of mixers and grinders, meat saws, oven, and proofers. The contractor will provide all labor, supervision, equipment, tools, materials, transportation, permits and any other necessary items to keep MFP equipment operational through scheduled preventative maintenance and unscheduled maintenance repairs. For additional details, see Attachment 2. (vii)Commissary Locations: Fort Eustis, Fort Lee, Langley AFB, Little Creek, Norfolk, Oceana, Portsmouth, Fort Belvoir and Quantico (VA) commissary stores. See attachment 3 for addresses and current equipment lists. The anticipated period of performance is from April 1, 2026 to March 31, 2031. (viii)The provision at 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and CommercialServices, applies to this acquisition. See addenda to the provision provided in Attachment 4. (ix)Evaluation will be based on Technical Capability, Past Performance and Price. Evaluation will be in accordance with FAR part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (x)The provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications - CommercialProducts and Commercial Services, with Alternate I applies to this acquisition. See attached clause (Attachment 5). (xi)The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products andCommercial Services, applies to this acquisition. Please see addendum in Attachment 6. (xii)The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition.See Attachment 7 for applicable clauses stated within. (xiii)Additional Contract Requirements The following additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions apply to this acquisition: •See Attachment 8 Provisions and Clauses Incorporated byReference •See Attachment 9 Provisions and Clauses Incorporated in Full Text •See Attachment 10 Preventative Maintenance Checklists (xiv)Reserved. (xv)Submit signed and dated quotes to Tammy Torres at Tammy.Torres@deca.mil or Langston Hines at Langston.Hines@deca.mil on or before: •Date Quotes Are Due: March 19, 2026 •Time Quotes Are Due: 2:00 PM EST (xvi) Any questions pertaining to the solicitation must be submitted no later than March 12, 2026 to the persons above. The following attachments as referenced are provided as part of this solicitation: Attachment 1 – CLIN Structure and Price Submission Document Attachment 2 – Performance Work Statement (PWS) Attachment 3 – Store Delivery Addresses and Equipment Lists Attachment 4 – Addendum to FAR clause 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services Attachment 5 – FAR clause 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with Alternate I Attachment 6 – Addendum to FAR clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services Attachment 7 – FAR clause 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services Attachment 8 – Provisions and Clauses Incorporated by Reference Attachment 9 – Provisions and Clauses Incorporated in Full Text Attachment 10 - Preventative Maintenance Checklists Please review each attachment carefully. Incomplete submissions will not be considered

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8bed90da547044d99f175097ed64a50a/view)