---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought for Project Management Services, Worldwide
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 106a1e00131945a0a0959c408faeacaa
---

# Sources Sought for Project Management Services, Worldwide

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-24 19:04:17.723-04
- Solicitation Number: N6274226R3601

## Summary

This Sources Sought Notice does NOT constitute a request for proposal, request for quote, or invitation for bid. This notice is a market research tool used to obtain information only and to identify contractors who possess the capabilities, experience, and interest to provide services as specified below. Upon review of industry response to this Sources Sought Notice, the Government will determine whether a set-aside acquisition in lieu of full and open competition is in the Government's best interest. This market research tool is being issued for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command (NAVFAC) Pacific, implied or otherwise, to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. No contract/task order will be awarded from this notice and no reimbursement will be made for any costs with providing information in response to this announcement or any follow-up information requests. Respondents will not be notified of results of the evaluation. The intent of this Sources Sought Notice is to identify potential sources capable of providing Project Management Services (PMS) in support of managing highly complex technical programs and projects across the entire NAVFAC Enterprise, including all echelons and geographic locations. The primary objective is to provide professional and technical services to ensure that construction projects are managed in accordance with requirements, completed on schedule, within budget, and to the highest standards of quality and safety. The service is to support high-velocity execution of projects/programs of the Mega-Project or Strategic Mega-Project category, to include Shipyard Infrastructure Optimization Program (SIOP), Golden Dome for America, Pacific Deterrence Initiative and other programs in the $10M to $10B range planned for execution within a short timeframe relative to the broader 20-year strategic window already in progress The primary North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this potential requirement is 236220, Commercial and Institutional Building Construction, with a Size Standard of $45 million. Potential vendors believing that the products/services identified under a different NAICS code to meet or exceed the salient characteristics identified within this Sources Sought Notice are encouraged to respond with the applicable NAICS code and provide justification/reasoning for selection of that code. Should a solicitation develop upon completion of market research, a Firm Fixed Price (FFP), Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (ID/IQ) type contract is anticipated. The intended contract term is a 12-month base period, and four (4) 12-month option periods. All deliverables performed during the life of the requirement will be ordered by the Government on an as-needed basis. NAVFAC Pacific is searching the marketplace for companies that can provide professional services which include provision of all labor, management, supervision, tools, materials, and all equipment necessary to perform the services listed below: PROJECT MANAGEMENT SERVICES CONSTRUCTION SITE VISITS AND INSPECTIONS CONSTRUCTION ADMINISTRATION AND ACCESS COORDINATION QUALITY ASSURANCE SUPPORT SAFETY PROGRAM AUDIT STAKEHOLDER COMMUNICATION AND COORDINATION REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) REVIEW SUBMITTAL REVIEW SCHEDULE REVIEW AND ANALYSIS COST ENGINEERING AND CHANGE MANAGEMENT MANAGEMENT OF PERFORMANCE GUARANTEES AND LIQUDATED DAMAGES COMMISSIONING SYSTEM INSPECTION PROGRAM MANAGEMENT SUPPORT PROCUREMENT AND CONTRACT ADMINISTRATATION SERVICES COMMISSIONING AND ACCEPTANCE OVERSIGHT ENTERPRISE PROGRAM MANAGEMENT COORDINATION UTILITY OUTAGE COORDINATION AND SUPPORT CONSTRUCTION PROJECT RISK ANALYSIS Projects/programs to be supported including major programs throughout the United States. Contractors may be required to work projects that concurrently run to oversee, administer and manage multiple projects similar in nature and scope. Contractors must place their names on all documents they generate to ensure accountability and facilitate follow-up. Government personnel will make final decisions with respect to the execution of actions or commitment of government resources, to include both time and money. Anticipated services may include, but are not limited to the following general requirements: · Contractor personnel shall provide expertise across various phases of construction delivery to include planning, design, and construction. · The contractor is responsible for determining the resources required to achieve deliverables. The contractor should be prepared to be flexible and adapt to changing project needs. The contractor will provide regular progress reports detailing progress against deliverables, identified risks, and mitigation strategies. · Contractors shall provide oversight and administration of all Contractor staff and shall direct the efforts of contracted employees in response to specific task orders, work requirements, and administrative support. · Contractor shall make observations, perform investigations that may require supplemental, technical analysis, write factual reports and provide recommendations, including actionable deliverables for execution by a warranted contracting officer. · The contractor shall maintain the confidentiality of proprietary information whether the information was acquired during work pertaining to this contract, or as the result of working in proximity to such information. The contractor shall institute procedures to protect such information that are approved by the Contracting Officer and shall fully comply with the Government’s procedures for maintaining the confidentiality of proprietary information. · Contractors may be required to concurrently oversee, administer and manage multiple projects similar in nature and scope. Interested sources are invited to respond by filling out the Experience Questionnaire, provided under attachment 1. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. However, NAVFAC Pacific will utilize the information for acquisition planning purposes. All data received in response to this Source Sought Notice marked or designated, as corporate or proprietary information will be fully protected from release outside the Government. Please respond to this Sources Sought Notice no later than Monday, May 04, 2026 @ 02:00 P.M. HST and direct any questions to NAVFAC_PAC_ACQ21_Box1@us.navy.mil. NO TELEPHONE CALLS OR FACSIMILES WILL BE ACCEPTED. Responses received after the deadline or without the required information will not be considered. Since this is a Sources Sought announcement only, evaluation letters will not be issued to any respondent.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: SHELLY TORRES
  - Email: NAVFAC_PAC_ACQ21_Box1@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. However, NAVFAC Pacific will utilize the information for acquisition planning purposes. All data received in response to this Source Sought Notice marked or designated, as corporate or proprietary information will be fully protected from release outside the Government. Please respond to this Sources Sought Notice no later than Monday, May 04, 2026 @ 02:00 P.M. HST and direct any questions to NAVFAC_PAC_ACQ21_Box1@us.navy.mil. NO TELEPHONE CALLS OR FACSIMILES WILL BE ACCEPTED. Responses received after the deadline or without the required information will not be considered. Since this is a Sources Sought announcement only, evaluation letters will not be issued to any respondent

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/106a1e00131945a0a0959c408faeacaa/view)