---
layout: default
title: US SPACE FORCE INTELLIGENCE FACILITY at Wright Patterson Air Force Base (AFB), OH
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: fd3c942adfbb4f06a745137906152ac8
---

# US SPACE FORCE INTELLIGENCE FACILITY at Wright Patterson Air Force Base (AFB), OH

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-24 10:04:24.937-04
- Solicitation Number: W912QR26-USSF-WPAFB

## Summary

A market survey is being conducted to determine if there are a reasonable number of interested small business concerns to set this future project aside for them. If your firm is a Small Business, certified HUBZone, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Business or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business and you are interested in this project please respond appropriately. Project Location: US SPACE FORCE INTELLIGENCE FACILITY project located at Wright Patterson Air Force Base (AFB), OH Project Description: The USACE, Louisville District has a requirement for a new Single-Award Task Order Contract (SATOC) Indefinite Delivery / Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) for Architect/Engineer (A/E) services. The SATOC IDIQ will support a Space Force project via the preparation of a full design package to be used in the advertisement and award of a construction project for a large-scale building located on Wright Patterson Air Force Base. Aspects of the design effort will be awarded by individual firm-fixed price task orders. The maximum cumulative IDIQ contract will not exceed a capacity of $50,000,000. The contract’s ordering period will consist of a 5-year base period with no option years. The required A/E services to be provided under this contract will be multidisciplinary in nature. This SATOC will support the design of new construction of an approximately 302,000 SF ICD-705 compliant building for administrative, auditorium and other ancillary support spaces. This this project comprises the construction of a new controlled/secured multi-floor facility greater than 3 stories; structural frame, metal panel & pre-cast exterior walls; includes computer room with raised floor, intelligence production, freight and personnel elevators, and communications computer equipment; emergency generator and auditorium. This facility will include a bridge/ corridor connection into the existing secure facility. Project will include all paving, site work, and utility work to support the new facility. The CMMC Levle for this project has been identified as CMMC Level 2(Self) NAICS code is 541330 - Engineering Services. All interested firms are asked to provide responses to this market survey. Each firm is asked to identify its size status (Large Business, Small Business, certified HUBZONE, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Businesses or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business) as part of its response. Contractors should respond to this survey by email on 2 April 2026 by 10:00 AM Eastern Time. Responses should include: Identification and verification of the company’s small business status. Contractor’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI). Documentation from the firm’s bonding company showing current single and aggregate performance and payment bond limits. Description of Experience – Interested design firms must provide no more than three (3) example projects with a fully complete design and construction of the design being substantially complete (approximately 95 percent complete) within the past seven (7) years. Submitted projects should be examples of projects where the interested firm served as the Designer of Record for the project. Each project must include the name, title, project role, e-mail address, and telephone number of at least one reference. References may be used to verify project size, scope, dollar value, percentages, and quality of performance. Example projects must be of similar size and scope. Projects similar in Scope to this project include: Design of a new construction multi-floor primarily administrative facility with security requirements (i.e. ICD-705, UL2050, NIST SP 800-53, SAP-F, etc.) and RF Shielding requirements. Projects similar in size to this project include: New construction, primarily administrative facility, with floor area of 200,000 SF or greater. Based on definitions above, for each project submitted include: Current percentage of construction complete and the date when it was or will be completed. Scope of the project. Size of the project. The dollar values of the design and construction contracts and whether it was design-bid build or design-build. The aspects of the design that were self-performed and the total percentage of work self-performed as the Designer of Record. For each project, identify those design elements for which subcontractors were utilized. Small Businesses are reminded under Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO) Clause 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (01 Feb 2026); they must perform at least 15% of the cost of the contract, not including the cost of materials, with the firm’s own employees for general construction-type procurement. Include the percentage of work that will be self-performed on this project, and how it will be accomplished. NOTE: Total submittal package shall be no longer than 8 pages. Please only include a narrative of the requested information; additional information will not be reviewed. Submission Requirement: The only authorized transmission method of responses is via filling out the survey form. No other transmission method will be accepted. Please limit your capability statement to the space provided within the form. The Market Survey Form can be accessed at https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/G53e3cGve2 or via the QR Code provided in attachments. This is NOT a Request for Proposal and does not constitute any commitment by the Government. Responses to this sources sought notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. All interested sources must respond to future solicitation announcements separately for responses to this market survey. NOTICE: The following information is provided for situational awareness and is not required to respond to this Sources Sought. All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (www.SAM.gov) prior to award of a contract. All proposed contractors are highly encouraged to review FAR Clause 52.232-33 Payments by Electronic Funds Transfer – System for Award Management, which indicates “All payments by the Government under this contract shall be made by electronic funds transfer (EFT).” Those not currently registered can obtain registration by going to the website http://www.SAM.gov. The process can usually be completed from 24 to 48 hours after submission. Contractors will need to obtain a Unique Entity Identifier (formerly DUNS number) for processing their registration. If you do not already have a Unique Entity Identifier, one can be obtained from http://www.SAM.gov. Refer to www.SAM.gov for information formerly found in CCR, EPLS, ORCA and FedReg. Please begin the registration process immediately in order to avoid delay of the contract award should your firm be selected. ALERT: You must submit a notarized letter appointing the authorized Entity Administrator before your registration will be activated. This requirement now applies to both new and existing entities. Effective 29 April 2018, the notarized letter process is now mandatory on all CURRENT registrants at SAM who have a requirement to update data on their SAM record. The notarized letter is mandatory and is required before the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) will activate the entity's registration. Effective 29 June 2018, vendors creating or updating their registration can have their registration activated prior to the approval of the required notarized letter. However, the signed copy of the notarized letter must be sent to the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) within 30 days of activation or the vendor risks no longer being active in SAM. Vendors can check whether an account is active by performing a query by their CAGE or Unique Entity Identifier The new registration process may now take several weeks, so vendors are highly encouraged to begin registering as soon as possible to avoid any possible delays in future contract awards. Remember, there is no cost to use SAM. To find out additional information about the changes of the SAM registration process, contractors should visit the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) link located at the top of the SAM homepage (www.sam.gov).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ranzel L. Merideth
  - Email: Ranzel.l.merideth@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fd3c942adfbb4f06a745137906152ac8/view)