---
layout: default
title: U099 - U.S. Naval Community College (USNCC)Consortium for Integrated Academic Solutions (CIAS)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 767a68510d754810a02091345bb7052d
---

# U099 - U.S. Naval Community College (USNCC)Consortium for Integrated Academic Solutions (CIAS)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-20 17:05:24.498-04
- Solicitation Number: N0018926RB002

## Summary

Amendment 0003 I.) The closing date is extended to 4:00 PM EDT, 05-May-2026. 2.) The attachment numbers are reformatted and an Index File is added as Attachment X. Offerors are responsible to review each attachment to ensure compliance with the solicitation. Attachment I USNCC Consortium Agreement Attachment II USNCC Data Sharing Technical Requirements Attachment III USNCC CIAS Definitions Attachment IV USNCC Academic Program Classification Attachment V USNCC Naval Studies Certificate Attachment VI English IOI Overview Attachment VII ACE Credit Recommendations NS Certificate Attachment VIII USNCC CIAS PWS Attachment IX Pricing Sheet Attachment X Attachment Index Attachment XI Solicitation Q&A Phase I Form Institutional Characteristics Phase 2 Form Academic Capabilities 3.) The page limitation instructions have been updated in Section L of the solicitation. Volume I: Non-Price Proposal Submission Guidelines The "Non-Price Proposal," referred to as Volume I, is strictly limited to a maximum of 55 pages in total. This page count is all-inclusive, covering all content such as charts, diagrams, and other graphics. The proposal consists of four key evaluation factors, each with a specific page limitation. The Offeror’s submission for the Academic Capabilities section must be integrated into the complete Volume I package. Breakdown of Non-Price Evaluation Factors Evaluation Factor Associated Form Page Limit Institutional Characteristics Phase I Form 5 pages Performance Approach N/A 8 pages Academic Capabilities* Phase II Form 36 pages Past Performance Past Performance Info. Form 6 pages Total 55 pages *Note on Academic Capabilities: Offerors are permitted to propose a maximum of 18 distinct academic fields. Each proposed field must be detailed within the Phase 2 Academic Capabilities Form and is limited to two (2) pages per proposed field. The Academic Capabilities non-priced factor is limited to a maximum of 36 pages. (18 distinct academic fields x two (2) pages per proposed field = 36 maximum number of pages). Example: University proposes three (3) fields x two (2) pages per proposed field = 6 maximum number of pages for this specific non-priced factor. The individual page limits for each evaluation factor will govern the length of the respective sections. The total length of Volume I will be the sum of the pages submitted for each of the four factors. 4.) Q&A Form updated with questions and answers, and reformatted as Attachment XI. Amendment 0002 The following language is added to section L: 1. Each successful offeror will receive an Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract with a preestablished maximum ceiling of $342,000,000. For source selection, best-value tradeoff, and price analysis purposes the Government will consider the offeror's credit hour rates, applicable fees, materials, and fully burdened rates for the program management and IT Data Support CLINs. This approach ensures a fair evaluation regardless of the number of programs an offeror provides. The pricing sheet, Attachment IV, is uploaded to the attachments section under the announcement in sam.gov. 2. The Page limitation instruction contained in Section L is revised as follows. Please refer to the instruction narrative in the attached Amendment 0002. Volume I: Non-Price Proposal Submission Guidelines The "Non-Price Proposal," referred to as Volume I, is strictly limited to a maximum of 37 pages in total. This page count is all-inclusive, covering all content such as charts, diagrams, and other graphics. The proposal consists of four key evaluation factors, each with a specific page limitation. The Offeror's submission for the Academic Capabilities section must be integrated into the complete Volume I package. Breakdown of Non-Price Evaluation Factors Evaluation Factor Associated Form Page Limit Institutional Characteristics Phase I Form 5 pages Performance Approach N/A 8 pages Academic Capabilities* Phase II Form 18 pages Past Performance Past Performance Info. Form 6 pages Total 37 pages ________________________________________ * Note on Academic Capabilities: Offerors may propose up to a maximum of 18 distinct academic fields. Each proposed academic field must be detailed on a single, dedicated page, contributing to the section's 18-page limit. The individual page limits for each evaluation factor will govern the length of the respective sections. The total length of Volume I will be the sum of the pages submitted for each of the four factors. 3. The Questions and Answers (Q&A) in Attachment V is amended to correct questions 19 and 20. Answers to questions 19 and 20: Please refer to the amended page limitation outlined above and in Amendment 0002 contained in the attachments section of this solicitation announcement in sam.gov. 4. Attachment IV pricing sheet is attached. 5. An updated Question and Answer (Q&A) document is uploaded titled, "Attachment V" Amendment 0001 1. Questions and Answers provided as Attachment V via this amendment to the solicitation. 2. Clarification is provided concerning Section M of the solicitation. Offerors will be provided to submit an excel spreadsheet as part of "Volume II Price Proposal." The spreadsheet will be included as Attachment IV and will be forthcoming in Amendment 0002. The language in the solicitation sections L&M have been updated. This is non-personal services Multiple Award Contract (MAC). The contracts are for the continued development and expansion of the USNCC Consortium for Integrated Academic Solutions (CIAS), supporting the strategic growth and outreach of USNCC. The purpose of this requirement is for the USNCC to continue growth of high-quality, naval-relevant programs for the maritime services that are readily accessible, low cost, and scalable. Under this contract, the USNCC envisions providing academic programs and services leading to approximately 15-20 different associate degrees, as well as embedded and stand-alone certificates, micro-credentials, and courses in both technical and non-technical fields of study.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: John D. Favata (771) 229-0621
  - Email: john.favata@navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: are reformatted and an Index File is added as Attachment X. Offerors are responsible to review each attachment to ensure compliance with the solicitation. Attachment I USNCC Consortium Agreement Attachment II USNCC Data Sharing Technical Requirements Attachment III USNCC CIAS Definitions Attachment IV USNCC Academic Program Classification Attachment V USNCC Naval Studies Certificate Attachment VI English IOI Overview Attachment VII ACE Credit Recommendations NS Certificate Attachment VIII USNCC CIAS PWS Attachment IX Pricing Sheet Attachment X Attachment Index Attachment XI Solicitation Q&A Phase I Form Institutional Characteristics Phase 2 Form Academic Capabilities 3.) The page limitation instructions have been updated in Section L of the solicitation. Volume I: Non-Price Proposal Submission Guidelines The "Non-Price Proposal," referred to as Volume I, is strictly limited to a maximum of 55 pages in total. This page count is all-inclusive, covering all content such as charts, diagrams, and other graphics. The proposal consists of four key evaluation factors, each with a specific page limitation. The Offeror’s submission for the Academic Capabilities section must be integrated into the complete Volume I package. Breakdown of Non-Price Evaluation Factors Evaluation Factor Associated Form Page Limit Institutional Characteristics Phase I Form 5 pages Performance Approach N/A 8 pages Academic Capabilities* Phase II Form 36 pages Past Performance Past Performance Info. Form 6 pages Total 55 pages *Note on Academic Capabilities: Offerors are permitted to propose a maximum of 18 distinct academic fields. Each proposed field must be detailed within the Phase 2 Academic Capabilities Form and is limited to two (2) pages per proposed field. The Academic Capabilities non-priced factor is limited to a maximum of 36 pages. (18 distinct academic fields x two (2) pages per proposed field = 36 maximum number of pages). Example: University proposes three (3) fields x two (2) pages per proposed field = 6 maximum number of pages for this specific non-priced factor. The individual page limits for each evaluation factor will govern the length of the respective sections. The total length of Volume I will be the sum of the pages submitted for each of the four factors. 4.) Q&A Form updated with questions and answers, and reformatted as Attachment XI. Amendment 0002 The following language is added to section L: 1. Each successful offeror will receive an Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract with a preestablished maximum ceiling of $342,000,000. For source selection, best-value tradeoff, and price analysis purposes the Government will consider the offeror"s credit hour rates, applicable fees, materials, and fully burdened rates for the program management and IT Data Support CLINs. This approach ensures a fair evaluation regardless of the number of programs an offeror provides. The pricing sheet, Attachment IV, is uploaded to the attachments section under the announcement in sam.gov. 2. The Page limitation instruction contained in Section L is revised as follows. Please refer to the instruction narrative in the attached Amendment 0002. Volume I: Non-Price Proposal Submission Guidelines The "Non-Price Proposal," referred to as Volume I, is strictly limited to a maximum of 37 pages in total. This page count is all-inclusive, covering all content such as charts, diagrams, and other graphics. The proposal consists of four key evaluation factors, each with a specific page limitation. The Offeror"s submission for the Academic Capabilities section must be integrated into the complete Volume I package. Breakdown of Non-Price Evaluation Factors Evaluation Factor Associated Form Page Limit Institutional Characteristics Phase I Form 5 pages Performance Approach N/A 8 pages Academic Capabilities* Phase II Form 18 pages Past Performance Past Performance Info. Form 6 pages Total 37 pages ________________________________________ * Note on Academic Capabilities: Offerors may propose up to a maximum of 18 distinct academic fields. Each proposed academic field must be detailed on a single, dedicated page, contributing to the section"s 18-page limit. The individual page limits for each evaluation factor will govern the length of the respective sections. The total length of Volume I will be the sum of the pages submitted for each of the four factors. 3. The Questions and Answers (Q&A) in Attachment V is amended to correct questions 19 and 20. Answers to questions 19 and 20: Please refer to the amended page limitation outlined above and in Amendment 0002 contained in the attachments section of this solicitation announcement in sam.gov. 4. Attachment IV pricing sheet is attached. 5. An updated Question and Answer (Q&A) document is uploaded titled, "Attachment V" Amendment 0001 1. Questions and Answers provided as Attachment V via this amendment to the solicitation. 2. Clarification is provided concerning Section M of the solicitation. Offerors will be provided to submit an excel spreadsheet as part of "Volume II Price Proposal." The spreadsheet will be included as Attachment IV and will be forthcoming in Amendment 0002. The language in the solicitation sections L&M have been updated. This is non-personal services Multiple Award Contract (MAC). The contracts are for the continued development and expansion of the USNCC Consortium for Integrated Academic Solutions (CIAS), supporting the strategic growth and outreach of USNCC. The purpose of this requirement is for the USNCC to continue growth of high-quality, naval-relevant programs for the maritime services that are readily accessible, low cost, and scalable. Under this contract, the USNCC envisions providing academic programs and services leading to approximately 15-20 different associate degrees, as well as embedded and stand-alone certificates, micro-credentials, and courses in both technical and non-technical fields of study

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/767a68510d754810a02091345bb7052d/view)