---
layout: default
title: DG11--Sources Sought - TV Channel Programming Providing Nature Imagery and Instrumental Music for Therapeutic Environment for Patients at Minneapolis VA Health Care System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 162cfd9edcf04533aca10e54c03f8375
---

# DG11--Sources Sought - TV Channel Programming Providing Nature Imagery and Instrumental Music for Therapeutic Environment for Patients at Minneapolis VA Health Care System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-08 10:34:50.545-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26326Q0545
- Awardee: null

## Summary

The Minneapolis VA Health Care System is conducting market research in accordance with FAR

17.207 Exercise of Options for services providing a tv channel with calming programming that combines nature imagery with instrumental music to create a therapeutic environment for patients as described in the Statement of Work below. This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE only looking for businesses to provide the services listed in the Statement of Work below for market research purposes. No proposals are being requested or accepted with this notice. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS OR PRICING AND NO CONTRACT SHALL BE AWARDED FROM THIS NOTICE. This notice shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Responses to this notice will be treated only as information for the Government to consider as part of their market research efforts. The information provided will be used by the Government in developing its acquisition strategy regarding possible set aside for Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, Veteran-Owned, and other socio-economic categories of small business. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. The Government does not intend to pay for the information submitted in response to this notice and parties responding will not be entitled to payment for direct or indirect costs incurred in responding to this notice. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement is 516210, Media Streaming Distribution Services, Social Networks, and Other Media Networks and Content Providers, with an SBA Small Business Size Standard of $47.0 Million. If you are a vendor capable of providing the requested information and required services described below with competitive pricing, send your information with a description of proof of capability and answers to all questions to: Alisha.Milander@va.gov on or before Wednesday, April 15, 2026 at 12:00 PM Central Time. Please provide answers as appropriate to the following questions in the table below with your response to this Sources Sought. Failure to respond accurately to the following questions may affect the acquisition strategy. Failure to respond to the questions at all will result in your response being determined as non-responsive. 1.Â Please provide all socio-economic categories of your firm (e.g., SDVOSB, VOSB, WOSB, Large Business, 8a, etc.) as well as your firm s SAM Unique Entity ID number (replaces DUNS number) and Government Contract POC. 2.Â State whether the requested services may be ordered against a government contract awarded to your organization (e.gÂ Federal Supply Schedule (FSS), General Services Administration (GSA), etc.). 3.Â State if subcontracting is contemplated for this requirement and what percentage of the work will be subcontracted and for what tasks. 4. Provide estimated lead time to deliver a fully functioning solution as described in the Preliminary Statement of Work below. 5. Complete the ITEM INFORMATION directly below this section for market research pricing for the services described in the Preliminary Performance Work Statement. ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

1.00 JB ___________ _________ The Contractor shall provide installation and access to a tv channel with calming programming that combines nature imagery with instrumental music to create a therapeutic environment for patients at Minneapolis VA Health Care System. Installation includes start up formatting/encoding, any required broadcasting equipment, Modulator/Encoder, Uninterruptable Power Supply (UPS), Professional Installation, and Insured Shipping and Handling. Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 06-01-2026 POP End: 05-31-2027 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 516210 - Media Streaming Distribution Services, Social Networks, and Other Media Networks and Content Providers PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: DG11 - IT and Telecom - Network: Telecom Access Services 0002

1.00 YR ___________ _________ Base year for a tv channel service from 6/1/2026 to 5/31/2027. This contract includes TV Channel Licensing (12 Months), and Annual Content Updates Provided via swappable hard drive. Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 06-01-2026 POP End: 05-31-2027 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 516210 - Media Streaming Distribution Services, Social Networks, and Other Media Networks and Content Providers PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: DG11 - IT and Telecom - Network: Telecom Access Services *If applicable, FAR Provision 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting, will apply to the potential solicitation if set-aside for Small-Businesses.* *If applicable, 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction, will apply to the potential solicitation if set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs.* DISCLAIMER This Sources Sought is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this Sources Sought. The deadline for this information is 12:00 PM Central Time on, Wednesday, April 15, 2026. PRELIMINARY STATEMENT OF WORK SCOPE The Contractor shall provide installation and access to a tv channel with calming programming that combines nature imagery with instrumental music to create a therapeutic environment for patients at Minneapolis VA Health Care System. Services provided under this standard service agreement include: Item # Description/Part Number Qty 1. Annual Content Updates Provided via swappable hard drive. 1 2. Start up formatting/encoding Fees (One time only) 1 3. Any required broadcasting equipment 1 4. Any required modulator/encoder 1 5. Uninterruptable Power Supply 1 6. Professional Installation 1 7. Insured Shipping and Handling 1 Brief Description of Service Channel Licensing (12 Months) - Period of Performance is One Year. CONTRACT PERIOD Contract period shall begin 6/01/2026 and end on 5/31/2027. QUALIFICATIONS All support of the equipment covered by this agreement shall be performed by authorized technicians. Equipment: Equipment may be added or deleted from the service contract as needed upon notification by the Contracting Officer (to be documented in writing via contract amendment). Deleted equipment will be credited in the full amount if deleted before any maintenance has been performed on it.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Alisha Milander
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Alisha.Milander@va.gov
  - Phone: 701-239-3700 x3176

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/162cfd9edcf04533aca10e54c03f8375/view)