---
layout: default
title: Drone Parts Components
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 0d159040b46d49c198d543d4d713a1fa
---

# Drone Parts Components

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 10:18:07.238-04
- Solicitation Number: FA465926QZ005

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS (Not a Notice of Solicitation) - FA465926QZ005 The United States Air Force, 319 CONS, Grand Forks AFB, ND is seeking capabilities packages of potential sources that are capable of providing Drone parts components that are compliant with the Buy American Act. All components, whether designated as critical or non-critical, must be compatible with one another to ensure the successful construction and operation of a complete system. Firms that respond shall specify that their products meet specifications. Detailed Specifications are listed in the attachment identified below: 1. Attachment 1- 2026 Drone Parts Salient Characteristics 2. Drone Parts - Sources Sought Questions All interested firms shall submit a response demonstrating their capability to provide these items to the Primary Point of Contact listed below. As stipulated in FAR Overhaul 15.101, responses to this notice are not considered offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. No solicitation exists; therefore, do not request a copy of the solicitation. The decision to solicit for a contract shall be solely within the Government's discretion. The NAICS Code assigned to this acquisition is 336411 – Aircraft Manufacturing with a size standard of 1,500 employees. Firms responding should indicate their size in relation to this size standard, and indicate socio-economic status (SB, 8(a), SDVO, or HUBZone). Respondents are further requested to indicate their status as a Foreign-owned/foreign-controlled firm and any contemplated use of foreign national employees on this effort. The Government reserves the right to consider a small business set-aside based upon responses hereto for any subsequent action. All prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database to be awarded a DoD contract. No set-aside decision has been made. Note that a key factor in determining an acquisition to be a Small Business Set Aside is that small business prime contractors must perform at least 50% of the effort, as defined in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.219-14. All interested and qualified businesses (i.e., Small Business, Other than Small) are encouraged to respond to this notice in accordance with the instructions addressed herein. Additionally, all interested and qualified businesses (i.e., Small Business, Other than Small) are encouraged to submit your information on the PDBL Vendor Landing Page at the following link. https://www.grandforks.af.mil/Point-Defense-Battle-Lab/PDBL-Vendor-Landing-Page/ Any information submitted by respondents to this sources sought synopsis is voluntary. This sources sought notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government, nor will the Government reimburse any costs associated with the submission of information in response to this notice. Respondents will not be individually notified of the results of any Government assessments. The Government's assessment of the capability statements received will factor into whether any forthcoming solicitation will be conducted as a full and open competition or as a set-aside for small businesses, or any particular small business program. CAPABILITIES PACKAGE: All interested firms shall submit a capabilities package that explicitly demonstrates their capability to provide the required commodities. The capabilities package should be brief and concise, yet clearly demonstrate an ability to meet the stated requirements. Responses may be submitted electronically to the following e-mail address: jackelyn.richardson.1@us.af.mil, jacob.goodwin.5@us.af.mil, trenton.cott@us.af.mil. All correspondence sent via email shall contain a subject line that reads "FA465926QZ005 - Drone Parts for Grand Forks AFB" If this subject line is not included, the email may not get through email filters at Grand Forks AFB. Filters are designed to delete emails without a subject or with a suspicious subject or attachments. Attachments with files ending in .zip or .exe are not allowable and will be deleted. Ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xsls or .xls documents are attached to your email. All other attachments may be deleted. Responses shall be emailed to: 319 CONS, POC – SrA Jackelyn Richardson Email: jackelyn.richardson.1@us.af.mil Phone: 701-747-3904 POC – SSgt Jacob Goodwin Email: jacob.goodwin.5@us.af.mil Phone: 701-747-5290 POC – TSgt Trenton Cott Email: trenton.cott@us.af.mil Phone: 701-747-3750 RESPONSES ARE DUE NOT LATER THAN 22 April 2026 BY 16:00 Central Standard Time. Direct all questions concerning this acquisition to the POCs above.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: SrA Jackelyn Richardson
  - Email: jackelyn.richardson.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7017473904
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jacob Goodwin
  - Email: jacob.goodwin.5@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7017475290

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: below: 1. Attachment 1- 2026 Drone Parts Salient Characteristics 2. Drone Parts - Sources Sought Questions All interested firms shall submit a response demonstrating their capability to provide these items to the Primary Point of Contact listed below. As stipulated in FAR Overhaul 15.101, responses to this notice are not considered offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. No solicitation exists; therefore, do not request a copy of the solicitation. The decision to solicit for a contract shall be solely within the Government"s discretion. The NAICS Code assigned to this acquisition is 336411 – Aircraft Manufacturing with a size standard of 1,500 employees. Firms responding should indicate their size in relation to this size standard, and indicate socio-economic status (SB, 8(a), SDVO, or HUBZone). Respondents are further requested to indicate their status as a Foreign-owned/foreign-controlled firm and any contemplated use of foreign national employees on this effort. The Government reserves the right to consider a small business set-aside based upon responses hereto for any subsequent action. All prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database to be awarded a DoD contract. No set-aside decision has been made. Note that a key factor in determining an acquisition to be a Small Business Set Aside is that small business prime contractors must perform at least 50% of the effort, as defined in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.219-14. All interested and qualified businesses (i.e., Small Business, Other than Small) are encouraged to respond to this notice in accordance with the instructions addressed herein. Additionally, all interested and qualified businesses (i.e., Small Business, Other than Small) are encouraged to submit your information on the PDBL Vendor Landing Page at the following link. https://www.grandforks.af.mil/Point-Defense-Battle-Lab/PDBL-Vendor-Landing-Page/ Any information submitted by respondents to this sources sought synopsis is voluntary. This sources sought notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government, nor will the Government reimburse any costs associated with the submission of information in response to this notice. Respondents will not be individually notified of the results of any Government assessments. The Government"s assessment of the capability statements received will factor into whether any forthcoming solicitation will be conducted as a full and open competition or as a set-aside for small businesses, or any particular small business program. CAPABILITIES PACKAGE: All interested firms shall submit a capabilities package that explicitly demonstrates their capability to provide the required commodities. The capabilities package should be brief and concise, yet clearly demonstrate an ability to meet the stated requirements. Responses may be submitted electronically to the following e-mail address: jackelyn.richardson.1@us.af.mil, jacob.goodwin.5@us.af.mil, trenton.cott@us.af.mil. All correspondence sent via email shall contain a subject line that reads "FA465926QZ005 - Drone Parts for Grand Forks AFB" If this subject line is not included, the email may not get through email filters at Grand Forks AFB. Filters are designed to delete emails without a subject or with a suspicious subject or attachments. Attachments with files ending in .zip or .exe are not allowable and will be deleted. Ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xsls or .xls documents are attached to your email. All other attachments may be deleted. Responses shall be emailed to: 319 CONS, POC – SrA Jackelyn Richardson Email: jackelyn.richardson.1@us.af.mil Phone: 701-747-3904 POC – SSgt Jacob Goodwin Email: jacob.goodwin.5@us.af.mil Phone: 701-747-5290 POC – TSgt Trenton Cott Email: trenton.cott@us.af.mil Phone: 701-747-3750 RESPONSES ARE DUE NOT LATER THAN 22 April 2026 BY 16:00 Central Standard Time. Direct all questions concerning this acquisition to the POCs above

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0d159040b46d49c198d543d4d713a1fa/view)