---
layout: default
title: C1DA--589-26-133, Replace Roofs for Building 1, Phase 1 l KCVA
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 6a4017c04a8748f8816a5120d321733b
---

# C1DA--589-26-133, Replace Roofs for Building 1, Phase 1 l KCVA

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-13 14:55:12.342-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0320
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Project: 589-26-133 Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0320 RFP: 36C25526R0116 Title: Replace Bldg 1 Roofs Contracting Office: Network Contracting Office 15 Contracting Office Location: 3450 S 4th Street Traffic way, Leavenworth, Kansas Type of Notice: Sources Sought Posted Date: 4/13/2026 Response Date: 4/21/2026 at 2:00 PM Central Time Set Aside: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Classification Code: C1DA -Architect and Engineering- Hospitals and Infirmaries NAICS Code: 541310 Architectural Services Synopsis: Please note that this is NOT a request for SF330's or proposals, the Government is seeking information for market research purposes only. The Government may or may not issue solicitation documents. The Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office (NCO) 15, is conducting a market survey for qualified: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB), capable of providing the required services outlined below for the VA Medical Center located in Kansas City, Missouri. The applicable NAICS code is 541310 Architectural Services and the size standard is $12.5 Million. Responses to this notice must be submitted via e-mail and received no later than April 21, at 2:00 PM Central Time. No telephone inquiries will be accepted or returned. Additional information about this project will be issued on the Federal Business Opportunities website https://www.fbo.gov once available. Period of Performance for all design work is 297 calendar days including time for VA reviews. Prospective SDVOSB firms are reminded that in accordance with VA Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) 852.219-75, the contractor will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not certified SDVOSBs listed in the SBA certification database as set forth in 852.219-73. The prime architect shall provide written certification of this to the Contracting Officer with the response provided for this market research. GENERAL SCOPE OF DESIGN: A/E Part One Services (also known as the design phase) for this design project encompass site visits as needed, field investigations, and the conduct of studies and user interviews to prepare detailed drawings, specifications, and cost estimates. This effort covers all facets of work and disciplines/trades to facilitate a construction project to replace roofs on 11th floor of main building at KCVA main campus. A/E services are required for preparation of Narrative, Studies, Phasing Design, Schematic Designs, Design Development, Construction Documents, and As Built Documents. The project design will comply with Infection Control and Interim Life Safety Measures. The A/E will provide design drawing, specification, and IGCE submissions at 35% (Schematic Design), 65% (Design Development), 95% (Construction Documents), and Final Bid Documents stages to the VA. Construction Period Services (CPS) will also be required throughout the construction phase. END OF SCOPE OF WORK Interested firms must be registered in https://sam.gov with NAICS code 541310 and qualified as a Service-Disabled Veteran Owned small business under NAICS code 541310. Qualified service-disabled veteran owned small businesses are encouraged to respond and required to be registered in with the Small Business Administration (SBA) registry https://veterans.certify.sba.gov on or before the response date. If interested in this opportunity, please provide Capability Statement via email. The Capability Statement is designed to inform the Department of Veteran Affairs of any prospective construction contractors' project execution capabilities. The submission is limited to 10 pages which shall include the following information: 1) Offeror's name, address, point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, and Unique Entity ID. 2) Offeror's interest in bidding on the solicitation when it is issued. 3) Offeror's capability to perform a contract of this magnitude and complexity and comparable work performed within the past 5 years - brief description of the project, customer name, timeliness of performance, customer satisfaction, and dollar value of the project - provide at least 1, but no more than 3 completed construction examples. 4) Offeror's CVE certification as a Veteran owned business. 5) Please provide Socio-economic status for NAICS code 541310. 6) Offeror's Joint Venture information if applicable - existing and potential. 7) Offeror's Bonding Capability in the form of a letter from Surety providing bonding level per contract and aggregate. No basis for claim against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this sources sought or Government use of any information provided. The Government will not pay for information or comments provided and will not recognize any costs associated with submission of comments. There is no guarantee, expressed or implicit, that market research for this acquisition will result in a particular set-aside, or any other guarantee of award or acquisition strategy. Responses must be received by 2:00 PM Central on April 21, 2026 via e-mail to the Contracting Officer at Matthew.Finley@va.gov. PLEASE REFERENCE "SOURCES SOUGHT: Project 589-26-133 Replace Bldg 1 Roofs," IN THE SUBJECT LINE and cover sheet. Respondents will not be contacted regarding their submission or information gathered as a result of this Sources Sought notice. Interested firms shall be required to respond to additional announcements separately from this announcement without further notice from the Government when posted to the Contract Opportunities website at https://beta.sam.gov/. The Contract Opportunities website is the only official site to obtain these documents. Contracting Office Address: Department of Veterans Affairs; Network 15 Contracting Office; 3450 S. 4th Street, Leavenworth, KS 66048 Point of Contact(s): Matt Finley, Contracting Officer, e-mail address: Matthew.Finley@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew D Finley
  - Title: matthew.finley@va.gov
  - Email: matthew.finley@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-946-1131

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6a4017c04a8748f8816a5120d321733b/view)