---
layout: default
title: DRAFT Solicitation W519TC-26-R-001 for Special Ammunition and Weapons Systems and Non-NATO Commercial Ammunition
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: ce43c3f0130942c18c27bdf6b4674a47
---

# DRAFT Solicitation W519TC-26-R-001 for Special Ammunition and Weapons Systems and Non-NATO Commercial Ammunition

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 15:52:32.312-04
- Solicitation Number: W519TC26R0001-DRAFT

## Summary

NOTICE: This is a Draft Request for Proposal (RFP). The purpose of this document is to provide industry with a general understanding of the requirements of this acquisition and to obtain industry feedback on its content prior to release of the formal RFP. The United States Government (USG) is not utilizing this document to negotiate or solicit proposals, and the issuance of this Draft RFP does not bind the Government in any way. Portions of this Draft RFP are subject to change. Please note the terms RFP and solicitation will be used interchangeably throughout this document. Unless specified, the number of days for all submissions required by the resulting contract shall be calendar days. GENERAL INFORMATION: The Army Contracting Command – Rock Island (ACC-RI) and the U.S. Army, Product Lead Special Ammunition and Weapon Systems (PdL SAWS) herein issues draft Solicitation W519TC-26-R-0001. This is for the procurement of Special Ammunition and Weapon Systems (SAWS) and NATO non-standard ammunition (NSA). This is in support of the Department of War (DoW), other USG Agencies, foreign Governments, and international organizations. SAWS: Ammunition and mortar weapons systems not safety tested or type classified for U.S. Army use. These are mainly for non-U.S. weapon systems and are often produced by Former Soviet Union (FSU) or Eastern Bloc countries. CONTRACT AND AWARD DETAILS: Contract Type: The USG anticipates making multiple-award, Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contracts. Source Selection: A Highest Technically Rated Offeror (HTRO) source selection approach will be utilized. This is referenced in the DOD Source Selection Guide (para 1.3.1.5) and will be conducted in accordance with FAR Part 15.101-1, DoD Source Selection Procedures, and the Army Source Selection Supplement. Technical Experience Evaluation: Offeror(s) are required to evaluate their own technical experience using a predetermined questionnaire and self-scoring matrix. Offeror(s) must also submit documentation detailing relevant past technical experience as either a prime contractor or a sub-contractor, along with examples of this experience. DRAFT HTRO SCORING MATRIX: The USG is implementing a streamlined and objective process called the Highest Technically Rated Offeror (HTRO). This method prioritizes technical capability to ensure the USG partners with the most capable Prime Contractors. The HTRO process is the source selection methodology the USG will use to establish multiple Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contracts. The HTRO process will identify the most qualified Prime Contractors for base contract awards, who will then compete on individual delivery orders in accordance with fair opportunity procedures in FAR 16.505. Posted is a draft Attachment 0008 - Highest Technically Rated Offeror (HTRO) Self-Scoring Matrix, in support of the requirement for Special Ammunition and Weapons Systems (SAWS), W519TC-25-R-0001. Reference the attached video Attachment 0009 - SAWS HTRO Overview, explaining the HTRO method and how it will allow the USG to get proven capabilities quickly, and for Offerors to get a clear, fair, and efficient path to a contract. The purpose of providing the draft HTRO Matrix is to obtain any industry comments, feedback or questions prior to releasing the Final SAWS RFP W519TC-25-R-0001. The USG is not utilizing any of the materials being released to negotiate or solicit proposals, and the issuance of these documents does not serve to bind the USG in any way. The information provided is subject to change. The USG is seeking industry feedback on the attached draft to ensure its effectiveness. Please identify which elements are too difficult to achieve, might be too simple, and/or ways to improve the matrix. The USG welcomes any questions. This is the draft, and the USG intends to have additional drafts of this RFP prior to release of the final solicitation. All questions and feedback regarding this Draft RFP shall be submitted no later than 1500 CST April 8, 2026 using the following link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/pyTLHnsisF The following draft attachments are being released with this post: DRAFT SAWS RFP W519TC-26-R-0001 0001 SAWS Federal Supply Classification (FSC) Item List 0002 SAWS IDIQ SOW - DRAFT 0003 General Spec for PdL-SAWS General Ammunition 0004 General Spec for PdL-SAWS Small Caliber Ammunition 0005 General Spec for PdL-SAWS Mortar Ammunition 0006 General Spec for PdL-SAWS Rocket Spin Stabilized Grenades 0007 General Spec for PdL-SAWS Mortar Weapons 0008 HTRO Self-Scoring Matrix - DRAFT 0009 SAWS HTRO Overview Video 0015 Security Statement of Work (SOW) - Security Risk Categories I – IV AA&E and SRC I – III Missiles and Rockets 0017 SAWS Safety Statement of Work (SOW) 0018 Ammunition and Explosives (AA&E) Suppliers Exhibit A Contract Data Requirements List (CDRL)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Logan Frye
  - Email: logan.e.frye.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Lana Graw
  - Email: lana.r.graw.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: (520) 693-0286

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Highest Technically Rated Offeror (HTRO) Self-Scoring Matrix, in support of the requirement for Special Ammunition and Weapons Systems (SAWS), W519TC-25-R-0001. Reference the attached video Attachment 0009 - SAWS HTRO Overview, explaining the HTRO method and how it will allow the USG to get proven capabilities quickly, and for Offerors to get a clear, fair, and efficient path to a contract. The purpose of providing the draft HTRO Matrix is to obtain any industry comments, feedback or questions prior to releasing the Final SAWS RFP W519TC-25-R-0001. The USG is not utilizing any of the materials being released to negotiate or solicit proposals, and the issuance of these documents does not serve to bind the USG in any way. The information provided is subject to change. The USG is seeking industry feedback on the attached draft to ensure its effectiveness. Please identify which elements are too difficult to achieve, might be too simple, and/or ways to improve the matrix. The USG welcomes any questions. This is the draft, and the USG intends to have additional drafts of this RFP prior to release of the final solicitation. All questions and feedback regarding this Draft RFP shall be submitted no later than 1500 CST April 8, 2026 using the following link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/pyTLHnsisF The following draft attachments are being released with this post: DRAFT SAWS RFP W519TC-26-R-0001 0001 SAWS Federal Supply Classification (FSC) Item List 0002 SAWS IDIQ SOW - DRAFT 0003 General Spec for PdL-SAWS General Ammunition 0004 General Spec for PdL-SAWS Small Caliber Ammunition 0005 General Spec for PdL-SAWS Mortar Ammunition 0006 General Spec for PdL-SAWS Rocket Spin Stabilized Grenades 0007 General Spec for PdL-SAWS Mortar Weapons 0008 HTRO Self-Scoring Matrix - DRAFT 0009 SAWS HTRO Overview Video 0015 Security Statement of Work (SOW) - Security Risk Categories I – IV AA&E and SRC I – III Missiles and Rockets 0017 SAWS Safety Statement of Work (SOW) 0018 Ammunition and Explosives (AA&E) Suppliers Exhibit A Contract Data Requirements List (CDRL)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ce43c3f0130942c18c27bdf6b4674a47/view)