---
layout: default
title: 6515--Full-Suite Testing System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 5afa425bc6a849aa8fa0efd6b192a48c
---

# 6515--Full-Suite Testing System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-08 19:00:33.379-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0613
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) /Â SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE IS ISSUEDÂ SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION ABOUT PRICING, DELIVERY, THE MARKET, AND CAPABILITIES IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI FOR PLANNING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a Sources Sought Notice / RFI only. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice / RFI is to gain information about potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 334510 (size standard of 1,250 Employees). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI, further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcements may be published. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking sources capable of providing Functional Capacity Evaluations (FCEs) full-site objective evaluation and testing system equivalent to BTE s EvalTech. STATEMENT OF WORK Background: The VA Long Beach Healthcare System Kinesiotherapy Department provides Functional Capacity Evaluations (FCEs) as a direct-access service for individuals who require evaluation of their functional abilities in relation to their veteran specific occupations. These evaluations consider any limitations resulting from existing physical conditions. FCEs are also used to assess individuals seeking to return to active-duty military service. To support this mission, the VA Long Beach Healthcare System requires a comprehensive, full site objective evaluation and testing system equivalent to BTE s EvalTech. The acquired equipment will be used to objectively measure a Veteran s ability to perform the physical tasks necessary for their occupational responsibilities or reservist duties as part of a complete functional capacity evaluation. Scope of Work: The contractor shall provide one full-site objective evaluation and testing system equivalent to BTE s EvalTech equipment for objective, functional evaluation, rehabilitation, according to the salient characteristics listed below to include shipping and set-up/installation. CLIN Item Description Qty UOM 0001 Full-site objective evaluation and testing system equivalent to BTE s EvalTech equipment including installation and training 1 EA Salient Characteristics and Requirements: Tools and functional capabilities: Must have grip and pinching testing capability Must have height-adjustable column to allow for testing in varied positions (standing/sitting/squatting) to simulate lifting/carrying activities from a floor to above shoulder/overhead range. Must have bilateral push/pull testing capability Must have various push/pull handles, pads, and hooks to evaluate single/double grip dynamometer tension and force measures. Dynamic lift and carry testing up to 130lb (60kg) Push/pull testing up to 500lb (225kg) Must have timed test functionality Must have ability to create custom tests and templates Must offer real-time results display and real-time heart rate monitoring Training must be provided for the VA personnel at no additional cost Place of Performance: VA Long Beach Healthcare System 5901 East 7th Street Bldg. 149, Rm. 138 Long Beach, CA 90822-5201 Mon-Fri: 0800-1600 Performance Period: The contractor shall complete the work required under this SOW in 60 calendar days or less from date of award, unless otherwise directed by the Contracting Officer. Type of Contract: Firm Fixed-Price The list of DRAFT characteristics is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive, of the supplies/services that are required. If your company is interested and capable of providing the required supplies/services, please provide the information indicated below. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Submit your capabilities statement illustrating how your organization can/cannot meet the list of SOW requirements. For instances where your company cannot meet the SOW requirement(s), please explain. For instances where your company can meet the SOW requirement(s), please show how your company meets/exceeds each requirement. (2) Please review the list of SOW requirements and provide any additional feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (3) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. (4) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified in this RFI? (5) Are you the manufacturer, authorized distributor, and/or can your company provide a solution to the required supplies/services described in the list of SOW? (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated/authorized distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified. (8) Limitations on Subcontracting: How does your business ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting as outlined in 13 CFR Â§ 125.6? (9) Are the items you are identifying/providing considered Commercial of the Shelf (COTS) items as defined in FAR Part 2.101 under commercial items? (10) Non-Manufacturer Rule: If applicable, can you confirm your business complies with the Non-Manufacturer rule? Specifically, does your company: Provide a product from a small business manufacturer or processor? Not exceed 500 employees? Primarily engage in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of item being supplied? Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? (11) Please indicate whether your product conforms to the requirements of the Buy American Act? (12) What is your lead time to deliver a single unit with all components? Is there scale in lead time with greater quantities? Please elaborate. (13) What is estimated life span of your solution? What support/services does that entail? (14) Does your proposed equipment have FDA clearance? Please specify what FDA clearance(s) have been obtained. (15) Does your organization offer a leasing solution? Please elaborate. (16) Does your company have a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract? If so, please provide the contract number(s). (17) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract holder, are all the items/solutions you are providing information about available on your schedule/contract? Please state if all or some items are available on the contract. (18) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (19) Please provide your SAM.gov Unique Entity ID/Cage Code number. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Hestia.Sim@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Thursday, April 16, 2026, by 10AM Pacific Local Time. All responses to this Sources Sought/RFI will be used for planning purposes only. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI are not considered a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcement is issued as a result of the information provided from this RFI, all interested parties must respond to the specific posting separately IAW the specifications of that announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Hestia Sim
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Hestia.Sim@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5afa425bc6a849aa8fa0efd6b192a48c/view)