---
layout: default
title: Load, Assembly and Pack (LAP) of 60mm, 81mm, and 120mm Full Range Practice and High Explosive Cartridge
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f0122e3ef592444c9b30a92da63830e4
---

# Load, Assembly and Pack (LAP) of 60mm, 81mm, and 120mm Full Range Practice and High Explosive Cartridge

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-01 15:07:20.575-04
- Solicitation Number: PANROC-26-P-0000030902

## Summary

The U.S. Army Contracting Command - Rock Island (ACC-RI), Rock Island Arsenal, IL, on behalf of the Project Manager for Combat Ammunition Systems (PM CAS), is conducting a market survey to identify potential sources to Load, Assembly, and Pack (LAP) and deliver 60mm, 81mm, and 120mm Mortar Cartridges. At a minimum this effort will include Full Range Practice (FRPC) and High Explosive (HE) Cartridges (other mortar configurations may be included in the final solicitation based on U.S. Government requirements). This is a market survey for information purposes only and not a request for proposal or announcement of a solicitation. The Government Technical Data Package for these items is marked as Distribution Statement D(authorized distribution of technical documents to the Department of Defense (DoD) and U.S. DoD Contractors only) and will be available by submitting a signed and completed Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA), Technical Data Request Questionnaire (Form 1350), and a valid Military Critical Certification (DD2345). These documents may be obtained via email by sending a request electronically to the Point of Contact (POC) listed below. High Explosive Mortars: The 60mm, 81mm, and 120mm HE cartridges are high explosive munitions developed for use in various mortar systems, including the M224A1, M252A1, M120, M121, and Stryker Brigade Combat Team Mortar Carrier. These munitions are intended for use against personnel and materiel targets, providing fragmentation and blast effects. Key components provided as Government Furnished Material (GFM) include: Fuzes (M734A1, M783), Fin assemblies (M27, M24, M31), Propelling charges (M235, M236, M220, M658, M234A1), Ignition cartridges (M702, M299, M1020), Shell bodies, Explosive fills (IMX-104, Composition B), Booster materials (PBXN-12). 60mm HE Cartridges: The 60mm M768A1/M720A2 cartridges represent an Insensitive Munition (IM) upgrade to the M768/M720A1 cartridges, which were originally materiel released in 2006. The M768A1 HE Mortar Cartridge consists of a M783 point detonating/delay fuze, while the M720A2 uses the M734A1 multi-option fuze. Both cartridges use four (4) M235 propelling charges, M27 fin assembly, M702 ignition cartridge, and HF-1 steel shell body. The shell body is filled with insensitive munitions explosive 104 (IMX-104) and includes a PBXN-12 auxiliary booster. The propelling charges are horseshoe-shaped containers filled with propellant around the fin assembly, which can be removed based on the range distance to the intended target. Legacy Composition B variants of these rounds may also be solicited. The 60mm High-Explosive Enhanced Fragmentation (HE-EF) M1061 Mortar Cartridge consists of the M734A1 Multi-Option (MO) Fuze, M27 Fin Assembly, fin adapter, Obturating ring, four M236 propelling charges, round body assembly (warhead), and M702 ignition cartridge. The warhead includes an aluminum container filled with PBXN-110 explosive, known as the HE unit, which is loaded into a fragmentation insert (FI) made of Liquid Crystal Polymer matrix with preformed metal fragments embedded in the polymer. The FI/HE unit is encased within an outer aluminum case. Variants of the M1061 Mortar Cartridge may also be solicited. 81mm HE Cartridges: The 81mm M889A4 HE Mortar Cartridge represents an IM upgrade to the M889A2 HE Mortar Cartridge, which was originally materiel released in 2009. The M889A4 consists of M783 point detonating/delay fuze, four (4) M220 Propelling Charges, M24 Fin Assembly, M299 Ignition Cartridge, and HF-1 steel shell body filled with IMX-104 and includes a PBXN-12 auxiliary booster. Legacy Composition B variants of these rounds may also be solicited. The 81mm HE-EF M821A4 Mortar Cartridge consists of the M734A1 Multi-Option Fuze, M24 Fin Assembly, M299 Ignition Cartridge, four M658 Propelling Charges, Obturating Ring, PBXN-14 Auxiliary Booster, and a Warhead Assembly. The warhead assembly includes an HF-1 Steel Shell Body filled with IMX-104 explosive and a Liquid Crystal Polymer (LCP) matrix with preformed fragments. Variants of the M821A4 Mortar Cartridge may also be solicited. 120mm HE Cartridges: The 120mm M934A1/M933A1 Mortar Cartridges consist of M734A1 Multi-Option fuze for M934A1 and M783 Point Detonating/delay fuze for M933A1, four (4) M234A1 propelling charges, steel shell body, M31 Fin Assembly, M1020 Ignition Cartridge, Composition B or IMX explosive, and a PBXN-12 or CH-6 Auxiliary Booster. The propelling charges are horseshoe-shaped containers filled with propellant around the fin assembly, which can be removed based on the range distance to the intended target. Practice Mortar Cartridges: The 60mm M769, 81mm M879A1, and 120mm M931 FRPC cartridges consist of a hollow shell body with no energetic fill and, except for the color, look identical to the HE cartridges. These cartridges utilize a center vent tube to allow the fuze signature to be vented through a series of holes in the aft shell body. The practice fuze produces a flash, bang, and/or smoke signature upon ground impact, providing audio and visual feedback for training operations. The FRPC cartridges are packed into fiber containers and wooden wirebound boxes. The U.S. Government intends to solicit the LAP of 60mm, 81mm, and 120mm FRPC/HE cartridges and award up to four (4) Firm Fixed Price (FFP), Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contracts to support U.S. Army, Marine Corps, and Foreign Military Sales (FMS) requirements. Contracts will be limited to the United States and Canada. Interested sources should submit information demonstrating their ability to meet the following requirements: Development Capabilities: a) Develop tooling, fixtures, and production processes for component manufacturing. b) Develop gauges, fixtures, and inspection plans for components. Production and Delivery: a) Produce a first article sample for Government evaluation and approval within 180 days after contract award (DACA). b) Initiate production delivery within 270 DACA. Follow normal delivery schedules for subsequent ordering periods. Product Improvement: a) Execute product improvement projects for component manufacturing and design. Submission Information: A response to this sources sought should show adequate technical and LAP capability and the satisfactory past performance. If a respondent does not have adequate resources (technical, facilities, equipment, personnel, etc.) available, the respondent must be able to demonstrate its ability to obtain those resources within the timeframe required to meet first article. Respondents should provide the following details: Company name, address, and CAGE code. Point of contact (name, telephone number, and email address). Business size information. Facility location or proposed facility location. Summary of capabilities, including facilities, equipment, manufacturing processes, and inspection capabilities (identify in-house and subcontracted processes). LAP experience with mortars within the last 10 years. Proven monthly production rates(non concurrent) for the following: 20,000 per month 60mm HE cartridges 20,000 per month 81mm HE cartridges. 10,000 per month for 120mm HE cartridges. 10,000 per month 60mm FRPC cartridges 10,000 per month 81mm FRPC cartridges 10,000 per month 120mm FRPC cartridges. Ability to acquire facilities with sufficient safety clearance to handle, store, and transport explosives. Possible partnering/teaming arrangements Respondents to eventual solicitation will be required to be Joint Certification Program (JCP) certified The respondent should provide sufficient details to the U.S. Government so as to make a reasonable assessment on the capability to LAP these items at the required rates. This information is for reference and planning only. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information submitted or for cost associated with providing this information. Proprietary responses will be protected in accordance with the markings. TELEPHONE INQUIRIES WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. The Government will accept written questions by email. The Government reserves the right to reject, in whole or in part, any private sector input as a result of the Market Research notice. All information provided will not be returned and will be held as contractor confidential information. The requested information should be sent to, ACC-RI, Rock Island Arsenal, IL 61265 via email to PCO, alex.r.sheppard.civ@army.mil and Contract Specialist, mallory.d.schmitt.civ@army.mil. If a formal solicitation is generated at a later date, a solicitation notice will be published. All companies interested in this notice must be registered in System for Award Management (SAM).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mallory Schmitt
  - Email: mallory.d.schmitt.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Alex Sheppard
  - Email: alex.r.sheppard.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5206929755

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f0122e3ef592444c9b30a92da63830e4/view)