---
layout: default
title: TRICARE Overseas Program (TOP) 2028 Second DRAFT Request for Proposal (RFP)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 8ec9635f08fc4ce1afb098057501fc11
---

# TRICARE Overseas Program (TOP) 2028 Second DRAFT Request for Proposal (RFP)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-07 15:32:10.105-04
- Solicitation Number: HT9402-26-RFI-0001

## Summary

AMENDMENT 4 UPDATE: 04/07/2026. This posting is amended to provide the Government's answers to questions on TOP 2028 requirements, submitted by respondents. This posting also provides revised "Historical Data Instructions". See attachments titled: "AMENDMENT 4 Govt Response to Industry Questions" and "AMENDMENT 4 Historical Data Ordering Instructions". AMENDMENT 3 UPDATE: 02/11/2026. This posting is amended to replace the attachment titled "TOP 2028 DRAFT J Attachments.zip" with the attachment, titled "AMENDMENT 0003 TOP 2028 DRAFT J Attachments.zip". The purpose for this replacement is to ensure that all of the documents in the .zip file are accessible and readable. AMENDMENT 2 UPDATE: 02/09/2026. This posting is amended to revise the RESPONSE DATE for this RFI: FROM: 03/09/2026 at 4:00PM MST TO: 03/02/2026 at 4:00 PM MST. AMENDMENT 1 UPDATE: 02/09/2026. Posting is amended to remove duplicate attachment titled, TOP 2028 DRAFT TOM Chapter 24.docx. This attachment is located in the TOP 2028 Section J Attachments zip file, titled, "DRAFT Attachment J-22 DRAFT_TOM_Chapter_24_05FEB2026" As part of ongoing market research, potential offerors are invited to review the attached second DRAFT Request For Proposal (RFP). The issuance of this second DRAFT RFP is intended to continue market research to determine the capabilities of the industry. This notice also seeks industry feedback and recommendations on its approach and description of the TOP requirements. DHA will consider industry’s comments to make revisions, ensuring the Government has realistic requirements and incorporates industry best practices, new technologies, innovative alternatives and potential capabilities into the final specifications and performance work statement. DHA may incorporate industry expertise, best practices and incentives to ensure high-quality healthcare support services to TRICARE beneficiaries within the statutory and regulatory limitations governing this entitlement program. All information received resulting from this DRAFT RFP will be used by the Defense Health Agency (DHA) as market research for future requirements. However, responses may be releasable to the public under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) unless appropriately marked. The DHA, at its discretion, may request respondents to elaborate on information in their written response in writing or through other means. Respondents will not be notified of any results derived from a review of the information provided. This announcement does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise that a solicitation or contract will be issued. Issuance of DRAFT documents attached to this notice is for planning purposes only and does not commit the Government to any contractual agreements or arrangements. The Government is not soliciting proposals with this request. Please note that the collection of the requested information does not obligate the U.S. Government to incorporate solicited comments or procure any services. Responses to this announcement may or may not be returned. The Government is not liable to pay any costs associated with companies responding to this announcement. Background: The Department of War (DoW), through the Defense Health Agency, is responsible for providing TRICARE health care services to eligible beneficiaries in locations outside the fifty United States and the District of Columbia. To accomplish this mission, the TOP contract supplements services that the direct care system provides to Active-Duty Service Members (ADSMs) and certain Active-Duty Family Members (ADFMs) in overseas military medical treatment facility (MTF) locations. While most TRICARE beneficiaries overseas receive care at MTFs, demand often exceeds MTF capacity, and many beneficiaries reside in remote locations without MTF access. The DoW uses the TOP contract to supplement MTF capabilities and provide healthcare in remote locations. This mission currently is accomplished through the third-generation TOP contract (TOP 2021), which provides health care support services, including developing and maintaining private sector networks; completing TRICARE eligibility verification and enrollment; providing customer service and call center support, clinical operations, beneficiary and provider education and marketing, claims processing and coding, medically necessary evacuations (medevacs) and translation services; and collecting medical documentation. The DHA is contemplating a new single-award, predominately fixed-price TOP services contract. The DHA anticipates that the contract will include a 1-year base period for transition-in, eight 1-year option periods for health care delivery, a 1-year transition-out period, and a potential 6-month extension of services permitted per FAR Clause52.217-8, Option to Extend Services, for a potential total allowable period of performance of 10 years and 6 months. Submission Requirements: As part of this second DRAFT RFP, the Government is providing the following and is attached to this notice: DRAFT Section C, DRAFT Chapter 24 of the TRICARE Operation Manual (TOM), DRAFT Section J, DRAFT Attachments to Section J, and DRAFT DD Forms 1423-1, Contract Deliverable Report Lists (CDRLs). TOP 2028 DRAFT RFP Questions. TOP 2028 Questions for the Industry. Historical Data Ordering Instructions. Historical Data Attachment 1 Non-Disclosure Agreement The DHA is requesting that interested parties submit the following attachments to via email to Mr. Matthew Lechner, Contract Specialist, at matthew.d.lechner2.civ@health.mil, with a courtesy copy to Mr. Matthew Anderson, Contracting Officer, matthew.l.anderson18.civ@health.mil and Dawn Ruther, Senior Program Analyst at dawn.r.ruther.civ@health.mil, not later than 4:00 pm MT, March 09, 2026. Please include the following in the subject line: Second DRAFT RFP TOP 2028 HT9402-26-RFI-0001. TOP Second DRAFT RFP Questions. Using the attached document titled “TOP Second DRAFT RFP Questions”, identify the DRAFT RFP document and cite relevant paragraphs to submit questions or comments. Questions for the Industry – Using this file (or any other format), please respond or answer the questions in the document to the best of your ability and submit this document with your response. Or; A capability statement of the interested party. As part of this notice, the Government is also offering “POTENTIAL OFFERORS” with the opportunity to request historical TOP information. Please READ the attached Instructions for Ordering Historical Data to request data. Any firm requesting data must be a potential offeror as defined in FAR 2.1. In order for a potential offeror to receive historical workload summary data, the Government must determine that the interested party is potential offeror as defined in FAR 2.1 and receive the attached Historical Data Non-Disclosure Agreement. Any future information on this acquisition will be posted on www.sam.gov. It is the responsibility of the prospective offeror to review this site regularly for updates and/or changes.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew D. Lechner
  - Email: matthew.d.lechner2.civ@health.mil
  - Phone: 3036763638
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew L. Anderson
  - Email: Matthew.Anderson@tma.osd.mil
  - Phone: 3036763754

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: "TOP 2028 DRAFT J Attachments.zip" with the attachment, titled "AMENDMENT 0003 TOP 2028 DRAFT J Attachments.zip". The purpose for this replacement is to ensure that all of the documents in the .zip file are accessible and readable. AMENDMENT 2 UPDATE: 02/09/2026. This posting is amended to revise the RESPONSE DATE for this RFI: FROM: 03/09/2026 at 4:00PM MST TO: 03/02/2026 at 4:00 PM MST. AMENDMENT 1 UPDATE: 02/09/2026. Posting is amended to remove duplicate attachment titled, TOP 2028 DRAFT TOM Chapter 24.docx. This attachment is located in the TOP 2028 Section J Attachments zip file, titled, "DRAFT Attachment J-22 DRAFT_TOM_Chapter_24_05FEB2026" As part of ongoing market research, potential offerors are invited to review the attached second DRAFT Request For Proposal (RFP). The issuance of this second DRAFT RFP is intended to continue market research to determine the capabilities of the industry. This notice also seeks industry feedback and recommendations on its approach and description of the TOP requirements. DHA will consider industry’s comments to make revisions, ensuring the Government has realistic requirements and incorporates industry best practices, new technologies, innovative alternatives and potential capabilities into the final specifications and performance work statement. DHA may incorporate industry expertise, best practices and incentives to ensure high-quality healthcare support services to TRICARE beneficiaries within the statutory and regulatory limitations governing this entitlement program. All information received resulting from this DRAFT RFP will be used by the Defense Health Agency (DHA) as market research for future requirements. However, responses may be releasable to the public under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) unless appropriately marked. The DHA, at its discretion, may request respondents to elaborate on information in their written response in writing or through other means. Respondents will not be notified of any results derived from a review of the information provided. This announcement does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise that a solicitation or contract will be issued. Issuance of DRAFT documents attached to this notice is for planning purposes only and does not commit the Government to any contractual agreements or arrangements. The Government is not soliciting proposals with this request. Please note that the collection of the requested information does not obligate the U.S. Government to incorporate solicited comments or procure any services. Responses to this announcement may or may not be returned. The Government is not liable to pay any costs associated with companies responding to this announcement. Background: The Department of War (DoW), through the Defense Health Agency, is responsible for providing TRICARE health care services to eligible beneficiaries in locations outside the fifty United States and the District of Columbia. To accomplish this mission, the TOP contract supplements services that the direct care system provides to Active-Duty Service Members (ADSMs) and certain Active-Duty Family Members (ADFMs) in overseas military medical treatment facility (MTF) locations. While most TRICARE beneficiaries overseas receive care at MTFs, demand often exceeds MTF capacity, and many beneficiaries reside in remote locations without MTF access. The DoW uses the TOP contract to supplement MTF capabilities and provide healthcare in remote locations. This mission currently is accomplished through the third-generation TOP contract (TOP 2021), which provides health care support services, including developing and maintaining private sector networks; completing TRICARE eligibility verification and enrollment; providing customer service and call center support, clinical operations, beneficiary and provider education and marketing, claims processing and coding, medically necessary evacuations (medevacs) and translation services; and collecting medical documentation. The DHA is contemplating a new single-award, predominately fixed-price TOP services contract. The DHA anticipates that the contract will include a 1-year base period for transition-in, eight 1-year option periods for health care delivery, a 1-year transition-out period, and a potential 6-month extension of services permitted per FAR Clause52.217-8, Option to Extend Services, for a potential total allowable period of performance of 10 years and 6 months. Submission Requirements: As part of this second DRAFT RFP, the Government is providing the following and is attached to this notice: DRAFT Section C, DRAFT Chapter 24 of the TRICARE Operation Manual (TOM), DRAFT Section J, DRAFT Attachments to Section J, and DRAFT DD Forms 1423-1, Contract Deliverable Report Lists (CDRLs). TOP 2028 DRAFT RFP Questions. TOP 2028 Questions for the Industry. Historical Data Ordering Instructions. Historical Data Attachment 1 Non-Disclosure Agreement The DHA is requesting that interested parties submit the following attachments to via email to Mr. Matthew Lechner, Contract Specialist, at matthew.d.lechner2.civ@health.mil, with a courtesy copy to Mr. Matthew Anderson, Contracting Officer, matthew.l.anderson18.civ@health.mil and Dawn Ruther, Senior Program Analyst at dawn.r.ruther.civ@health.mil, not later than 4:00 pm MT, March 09, 2026. Please include the following in the subject line: Second DRAFT RFP TOP 2028 HT9402-26-RFI-0001. TOP Second DRAFT RFP Questions. Using the attached document titled “TOP Second DRAFT RFP Questions”, identify the DRAFT RFP document and cite relevant paragraphs to submit questions or comments. Questions for the Industry – Using this file (or any other format), please respond or answer the questions in the document to the best of your ability and submit this document with your response. Or; A capability statement of the interested party. As part of this notice, the Government is also offering “POTENTIAL OFFERORS” with the opportunity to request historical TOP information. Please READ the attached Instructions for Ordering Historical Data to request data. Any firm requesting data must be a potential offeror as defined in FAR 2.1. In order for a potential offeror to receive historical workload summary data, the Government must determine that the interested party is potential offeror as defined in FAR 2.1 and receive the attached Historical Data Non-Disclosure Agreement. Any future information on this acquisition will be posted on www.sam.gov. It is the responsibility of the prospective offeror to review this site regularly for updates and/or changes

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8ec9635f08fc4ce1afb098057501fc11/view)