---
layout: default
title: NKV-440 Series Ventilator System
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: a4422bf559b440ac8ae6ebe0d707dc6f
---

# NKV-440 Series Ventilator System

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-25 16:09:02.496-04
- Solicitation Number: PANHCA26P0000028355

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought Notice announcement; market survey for information only, to be used for preliminary planning purposes. No proposals are being requested or accepted with this synopsis. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS AND NO CONTRACT SHALL BE AWARDED FROM THIS NOTICE. Any requests for a solicitation in response to this notice will not be honored. The Medical Readiness Contract Office-W, Fort Sam Houston, TX, has an upcoming requirement to solicit for and award for Evans Army Hospital (EACH), Fort Carson, CO. Basic requirement details are listed below. This request is anticipated to result in a Firm Fixed-Priced contract. The type of solicitation to issue will be based upon the responses to this synopsis. Contact with Government Personnel, other than the Contract Specialist identified at the bottom of this notice, by any potential offeror, or their employees’, regarding this requirement is strictly prohibited. The purpose of this synopsis is to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities and qualifications of various members of the Small Business Community to include Section 8(a), Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUB-Zone), Women-Owned Small Business, and Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), as well as the interest, capabilities and qualifications of various members of the Large Business community, to compete and perform a Firm Fixed Price Contract for these supplies. The type of solicitation to issue will depend upon the responses to this source sought synopsis. The Government must ensure there is adequate competition among the potential pool of responsive contractors. The North American Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement is 339112 “Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing. The Small Business Size Standard is 1000 Employees. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice should demonstrate the firm’s ability, capability, and responsibility to provide and deliver the products or services listed below. In response to this notice, interested parties shall submit a written Statement of Capability limited up to 5 pages and shall include the following information: •Offeror’s name, address, point of contact, phone number, and e-mail address. •Offeror’s interest in providing a proposal/quote on the solicitation when it is issued. •Offeror’s capability to provide the products or services being requested. •For reference, the proposed offeror must be able to provide NKV-440 ventilation systems. Clinical Salient Requirements: Must have Gentle Lung Suite of applications to determine optimal PEEP. Must have an extended battery that has a run time of at least 3 hours. Must have a backup battery with a run time of at least 1 hour. Must offer integrated ETCO2 and SpO2 monitoring Must be turbine driven & wall air independent Must offer Neonatal, Pediatric & Adult capability Must provide full suite of Invasive Ventilation Modes Must provide Non-invasive Ventilation Must provide High Flow O2 Therapy Technological Salient Requirements: System Requirements: The system shall align with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Risk Management Framework (RMF) approach and be able to obtain an Authorization to Operate (ATO). Ventilator can interface with EMR/MHS Genesis via an approved patient monitoring device or data aggregator. • Offeror’s capability to perform a contract of this magnitude and complexity for Evans Army Hospital (EACH), Fort Carson, CO. • Offeror’s type of small business and Business Size (Whether 8(a), HUB Zone, Women-Owned Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, etc.), or Large Business Status, should be documented in the Statement of Capability. Interested parties are responsible for marking information that is proprietary in nature. To aid the Government, please segregate proprietary information. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this notice or any follow up information requests. The Government is not obligated to, nor will it, pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this sources sought notice. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. No subcontracting opportunity is anticipated. A determination by the Government to not compete this proposed contract action based on the responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Interested Offeror shall respond to this Sources Sought Notice no later than 30 March 2026 at 4:00 P.M Central Standard Time. All interested businesses must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov to be eligible for award of Government contracts. Email your response to Darryl O. Bryant at email: darryl.o.bryant.civ@health.mil. Telephonic inquiries will NOT be honored. EMAIL IS THE PREFERRED METHOD.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Darryl O. Bryant
  - Email: darryl.o.bryant.civ@health.mil
  - Phone: 8087797806

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a4422bf559b440ac8ae6ebe0d707dc6f/view)