---
layout: default
title: 8945--VA Long Beach Sandwiches
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 7968ccc7b0144e6a9d20f5791fe4bb0b
---

# 8945--VA Long Beach Sandwiches

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 17:54:34.307-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0511
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation set aside for total small business for commercial supplies prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with the additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This is a request for quotes under solicitation number: 36C26226Q0511 The Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office (NCO) 22 intends to establish a firm fixed-price single award indefinite delivery indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract for VA Long Beach Healthcare System s requirement of freshly made ready-to-eat sandwiches. Requested ready-to-eat sandwiches are stated below. The quantities cited below are estimated quantities for 1-year; quantities are not a contractual statement of precise quantities that the Government will order. The quantities given are estimated only, and no guarantee of their accuracy is either given or implied. The Government will only pay for quantities that are actually ordered and for which the services are fulfilled. CLIN Description Salient Characteristics Estimated Quantity UOM 0001 BB Roast Beef W/ Pepperoncini on French Sub Sandwiches with roast beef on a French roll, must include pepperoncini, total portion size (roast beef and pepperoncini) must be 3oz or more 1,400 EA 0002 GF Grilled Chicken Caesar Wrap 3 oz or more Grilled chicken wrap in white or wheat tortilla 1,400 EA 0003 GF Zesty Turkey Wrap 3 oz or more Turkey meat in a wrap in white or wheat tortilla 1,400 EA 0004 BB Pesto Chicken Pita 3 oz or more Chicken sandwich in pita bread with pesto sauce 1,400 EA 0005 GF Superpower Wedge Vegetarian sandwich on wheat bread 1,400 EA 0006 BB Tri Egg Salad on Wheat 3 oz or more Egg salad sandwich on wheat bread 23,300 EA 0007 GF Classic Turkey Wedge 3 oz or more Turkey sandwich, cut on vertical on white or wheat bread 36,000 EA 0008 BB Tri Tuna Salad on Wheat 3 oz or more Tuna salad sandwich on wheat bread 7,200 EA 0009 BB Tri Chicken Salad on Wheat 3 oz or more Chicken salad sandwich on wheat bread 7,200 EA 0010 GF PHA Roast Beef, Lettuce, & Tomato on Whole Wheat Triangle 3 oz or more Roast beef sandwich with lettuce and tomato 2,420 EA 0011 BB Tri Chicken Salad on White 3 oz or more Chicken salad sandwich on white bread 2,420 EA 0012 BB Peanut Butter/Strawberry on Wheat Peanut butter and strawberry jelly on wheat bread 7,200 EA The solicitation will be in accordance with FAR part 12, subpart 16.5, and part19, Acquisition of Commercial Items, Simplified Acquisition Procedures, Small Business Programs, and Veteran Affairs Acquisition Regulations as supplemented with additional information in this notice. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement is 311991, Size Standard 700 Employees. The Contractor shall adhere to all federal and state laws and regulations in effect during the term of this contract. The Government intends to award a firm-fixed-price contract. The Contract begins on the date of award. System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. In advancement of Section 2 of Executive Order 14208, the removal of requirements related to Executive Order 14057 eliminates all non-statutory sustainability requirements or preferences in purchases of food service wares, including paper straws. In addition to removing requirements related to Executive Order 14057, the attachment also reflects recent updates to Code of Federal Regulation citations for the U.S. Department of Agriculture s BioPreferred® Program, a statutory purchasing preference program. Key solicitation milestones are: Submit any questions regarding this procurement via email to Hestia.Sim@va.gov no later than 10am Pacific Local Time Friday, March 20, 2026. No questions will be answered after this date/time unless determined to be in the best interest of the Government as determined by the Contracting Officer. Telephonic questions will not be accepted or returned. RFI responses will be responded to as necessary in amendment format which will be posted to contract opportunities at http://SAM.gov. Due to time constraints, responses to the solicitation shall be due on Wednesday, March 25, 2026 at 10:00 Pacific Time. Offerors are advised that it is your responsibility to review and monitor the website frequently to ensure you have the most up to date information, including amendments. Correspondence or questions may be directed to Hestia Sim, Contracting Specialist at Hestia.Sim@va.gov with " 36C26226Q0511, VA Long Beach Sandwiches in the subject line within 48 hours of release of this notice. Telephone inquiries will not be honored. Inquiries after the allotted period may not be responded to due to the time constraints of the procurement. All offerors must be registered in www.sam.gov to do business with the Government. Ensure your registration is correct, current and has not expired.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Hestia Sim
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Hestia.Sim@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: reflects recent updates to Code of Federal Regulation citations for the U.S. Department of Agriculture s BioPreferred® Program, a statutory purchasing preference program. Key solicitation milestones are: Submit any questions regarding this procurement via email to Hestia.Sim@va.gov no later than 10am Pacific Local Time Friday, March 20, 2026. No questions will be answered after this date/time unless determined to be in the best interest of the Government as determined by the Contracting Officer. Telephonic questions will not be accepted or returned. RFI responses will be responded to as necessary in amendment format which will be posted to contract opportunities at http://SAM.gov. Due to time constraints, responses to the solicitation shall be due on Wednesday, March 25, 2026 at 10:00 Pacific Time. Offerors are advised that it is your responsibility to review and monitor the website frequently to ensure you have the most up to date information, including amendments. Correspondence or questions may be directed to Hestia Sim, Contracting Specialist at Hestia.Sim@va.gov with " 36C26226Q0511, VA Long Beach Sandwiches in the subject line within 48 hours of release of this notice. Telephone inquiries will not be honored. Inquiries after the allotted period may not be responded to due to the time constraints of the procurement. All offerors must be registered in www.sam.gov to do business with the Government. Ensure your registration is correct, current and has not expired

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7968ccc7b0144e6a9d20f5791fe4bb0b/view)