---
layout: default
title: Presolicitation Notice: Mechanical Electrical Plumbing A/E IDIQ
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 929253f0c3414008a6160bbaa65be2a9
---

# Presolicitation Notice: Mechanical Electrical Plumbing A/E IDIQ

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 11:48:04.461-04
- Solicitation Number: 1333ND26QNB190164

## Summary

Notice of Proposed Contract Actions (Pre-solicitation Notice) Synopsis: 1333ND26QNB190164 Classification Code: C211- Architect & Engineering This is a notice of proposed contract actions as prescribed under FAR subpart 5.101 and FAR subpart 36.101-4 (Advanced notices and solicitations). Set Aside/Size Standard: This requirement is a total small business set-aside. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 541330, Engineering Services and the size standard is $25,500,000.00. Agency/Office: National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Location: Gaithersburg, MD Title: Mechanical/Electrical/Plumbing (MEP) Architectural & Engineering (AE) Multiple Award Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract. Background: The National Institute of Standards of Technology (NIST) intends to issue a Solicitation for General Construction services for the Research and Development (R&D) facility with 52 buildings located on a 578-acre campus. Other facilities are located in Montgomery County, Maryland. This project is intended to provide a multiple award AE IDIQ contract for the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). Objectives: The Government may contract with up to three (3) offerors to provide MEP AE services for planning, evaluation, design and engineering services for the maintenance, modification, and improvement of specialized facility mechanical and electrical systems via an IDIQ contract but reserve the right to award less or more. Joint ventures will not be considered for award. The Government intends to award specific work requirements via the issuance of firm fixed price task orders placed against the IDIQ contracts. Task Orders will be competed among all IDIQ contract awardees in accordance with FAR 16.5. Scope: This is NOT a design-build contract. However, some construction management services may be required. Potential task orders under this contract may include but are not limited to the following activities: Replace Potable Water Lines in Service Entry Rooms Major Electrical Equipment Replacement Short Circuit Study Modify Electrical Relaying Study Building Fire Alarm Panel and Audio/Visual Device Replacement Laboratory and Office Renovations to meet Occupant’s Needs Air Handling Unit Replacement Elevator Modernization Replacement of Building Steam Stations and associated components Restroom Renovations Replace/Upgrade building-wide hydronic cooling systems Redesign Mechanical Space to support replacement of failing HVAC unit Replace building steam station and associated flash tanks Installation of building-wide metering systems Deliverable Schedule: To be defined at the Task Order level. Acquisition Schedule: NIST intends to issue a Request for Proposal Qualifications (RFP) 1333ND26QNB190164 on or about April 30, 2026, via Contract Opportunities at https://sam.gov/. NOTE: Emails or phone calls about the schedule WILL NOT be responded to. The schedule above is subject to change, and any change will be posted via www.Sam.gov. When or if the Solicitation is released, it will be via www.Sam.gov. All proposal costs shall be the responsibility of the potential Offerors; the Government will not reimburse any Offeror for any costs incurred prior to award. It is the responsibility of potential offerors to monitor this website for any information that may pertain to the RFPs and/or a future solicitation. NIST will execute multiple individual Task Orders (TOs) ranging in value from $75,000.00 up to $5,000,000.00. The aggregate total of the contract will be $9,800,000.00. Task Orders will be offered to be competitively bid by the MEP IDIQ contract holders in accordance with the “Fair Opportunity” as per FAR 16.507. If an offeror would like to be listed so that others can see that the offeror is an interested vendor, the offeror must click the “Add Me to Interested Vendors” button in the listing for this solicitation on www.Sam.gov. The Offeror, whose qualifications represent the best value to the Government shall be invited to Phase Two and potentially selected for award. In addition to examining the responsibility criteria in Federal Acquisition Regulation 9.104-1, the Contracting Officer will also examine whether the offeror can meet definitive responsibility criteria. The apparent low bidder will be required to meet the following experience requirements: At least one contract completed or substantially completed (75%) within the last 7 years valued greater than or equal to $1,000,000 that demonstrates experience, as a prime contractor or subcontractor, satisfactorily performing with a floating plant the removal or placement of a submerged or partially submerged structure or structures greater than 5000 cubic yards under the effects of a riverine environment that included water velocities greater than 4 ft/s. A description of agency policies and procedures that apply to equitable adjustments for change orders under construction contracts can be found at the following link: https://www.ecfr.gov/current/title-48/chapter-13/subchapter-H/part-1352/subpart-1352.2/section-1352.271-85. Anticipated Award Date: September 2026 Estimated Period of Performance: Base year and four (4) one-year ordering periods. Place of Contract Performance: National Institute of Standards and Technology 100 Bureau Drive Gaithersburg, MD 20899

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sasha Bradford
  - Email: sasha.bradford@nist.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/929253f0c3414008a6160bbaa65be2a9/view)