---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought: Army National Guard Military Construction, Engineering/Housing Maintenance Shop, Camp Santiago, Salinas, PR
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 7a22574f99ef4c4ba3947cd210790f50
---

# Sources Sought: Army National Guard Military Construction, Engineering/Housing Maintenance Shop, Camp Santiago, Salinas, PR

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 12:35:23.327-04
- Solicitation Number: PANNGB-26-P-0000-033123

## Summary

Notice Type: Sources Sought Contracting Office: USPFO PR Purchasing & Contracting Division, USAG Building 540, Borinqueneer Street, Fort Buchanan, PR 00934 Agency: Puerto Rico Army National Guard Title: Army National Guard Military Construction, Engineering/Housing Maintenance Shop Location: Camp Santiago, Salinas, PR, Project Number 431850 Military Construction Project Category: Y – Construction of Structures and Facilities NAICS: 236220 - Commercial and Institutional Building Construction Magnitude: Between $10,000,000 - $25,000,000 Response Date: 2 April 2026 The purpose of this sources sought notice is to gain knowledge of potential sources for this project including interested Small Business sources. This notice is for planning purposes only. This is not a solicitation. No solicitation documents are available, and telephone requests will not be honored. The Puerto Rico Army National Guard (PRARNG) United States Property & Fiscal Office (USPFO PR) Purchasing & Contracting (P&C) Division intends to issue a solicitation and award of a contract for the construction of the Engineering/Housing Maintenance Shop at Camp Santiago, Salinas, PR. The magnitude of this project is between $10,000,000 and $25,000,000. The anticipated duration of this project is approximately 800 calendar days. North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this work is 236220. The small business size standard is $45,000,000 average annual revenue for the previous five (5) years. In accordance with FAR 19.5, Set-Asides for Small Business, the Government will review the information requested in this announcement to determine the type of set-aside (if any) for this requirement. Scope of Work: The project includes all labor, materials, equipment and incidentals necessary to construct a 21,117 gross square feet Engineering Housing Maintenance Shop (EHMS) facility supporting the Department of Public Works for the maintenance and repair of buildings, roadways, grounds, and utility systems for Camp Santiago Joint Training Center (CSJTC) for PRARNG. The new EHMS facility will consist of a series of specialized repair shops, a supporting operator work bay, Supply Warehouse, administration wing, break room & conference area, locker rooms, and toilet/shower rooms (including a specialized operationally requested dirty toilet/shower area). Primary repair shop operations will include Paint, HVAC, Electrical, Plumbing, Screen, Carpenter, Welding, and Ground Maintenance shops. Circulation will be primarily covered exterior walkways, and support spaces include mechanical, electrical, telecommunications, fire pump, and general support spaces as part of the facility. Site supporting facilities include but not limited to site preparation, fine grading and seeding, stormwater/storm drainage management measures, rigid and flexible pavements to include specialized service vehicle parking, curbing, fencing, sidewalks, exterior fire protection, utilities (electric, water, waste-water/sewer), information systems, and physical security (AT/FP) measures. Submission Requirements: All respondents shall provide this office, in writing, with a brief capabilities narrative indicating their specific experience for similar work of MILCON construction projects in addition to a completed Sources Sought Information Form. Respondents must include the following: (1) A completed and signed Source Sought Information Request Form (2) A Capabilities Narrative including: (a) Listing of projects completed during the past three years, both for government and private industry. Information on past projects shall be provided by type of project, dollar value, contract number, location, a brief description (three to four sentences, descriptive, e.g., size/square feet of construction), and point of contact. Indicate if work was performed as a prime or subcontractor, and if subcontractor, provide the name and point of contact for the prime contractor. (b) A brief outline of resources, subcontractors, and key personnel that would be used to accomplish the contract. (c) This portion of the response shall not exceed five typewritten pages. The Sources Sought Information Request and appropriate supporting documentation should be emailed to the following: Captain Argenies Gonzales Garcia at: ng.prarng.purchasing-and-contracting.mbx@army.mil Ms. Amanda Bogue at: amanda.m.bogue.civ@army.mil * Do not send links to sites as these may not be accessible by USG computers. Note: This Sources Sought is issued for informational and planning purposes only. Responses will not be returned. The information will be used to conduct market research to identify qualified, experienced, and interested potential sources and commercial practices in support of the government's requirements. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. The Government does not intend to award a contract based on responses received under this announcement. Contact with Government personnel, other than those specified in the sources sought, by potential offerors or their employees regarding this requirement is not permitted. This is not a request for proposal or invitation for bid. It is not to be construed as a formal solicitation or an obligation on the part of the government to acquire any products, construction, or services. The information requested by this RFI will be used to facilitate decision making and will not be disclosed outside the Federal Government. Any information provided to the government is strictly voluntary and will be provided at no cost to the government. The Government reserves the right to decide whether or not a small business set aside is appropriate based on responses to this notice. Include the following in the subject line "Sources Sought PANNGB-26-P-0000-033123". No facsimile responses will be honored.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Argenies Gonzalez (Contract Specialist)
  - Email: argenies.e.gonzalezgarcia.mil@army.mil
  - Phone: 787-289-1400 ext. 7694
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Amanda Bogue (Contracting Officer)
  - Email: amanda.m.bogue.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7a22574f99ef4c4ba3947cd210790f50/view)