---
layout: default
title: LED Lighting Replacement at Pine Ridge Hospital
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 646fc5f9bd78434497e4570e41500ddf
---

# LED Lighting Replacement at Pine Ridge Hospital

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-16 12:19:32.99-04
- Solicitation Number: 75H70126R00029

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. The purpose of this sources sought notice is to conduct market research pursuant to FAR Part 10 to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities, and qualifications of firms especially small businesses including: Native American/Indian-Owned Businesses, 8(a) Certified Small Businesses, Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUB-Zone) Small Businesses, Women Owned Small Businesses, Service Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB), Small Disadvantaged Businesses (SDB), and Veteran Owned Small Businesses. This notice is intended strictly for Market Research to determine if a 100% Set Aside for Indian Economic Enterprise (IEE) Firms or if a 100% Set Aside for Small business concerns can fulfill the requirements set forth in this request for information. NO PROPOSALS ARE BEING REQUESTED OR ACCEPTED WITH THIS NOTICE. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS. Respondents will NOT be notified of the results of this synopsis. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this synopsis or any follow-up information requested. The government is seeking firms under the North America Industry Classification System Code (NAICS) 238210 Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors, with an annual size standard of $19.0M. The anticipated magnitude of this construction project is between $500,000 and $1,000,000. Description/Scope of Work: The Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service (IHS) anticipates an acquisition for the replacement of all fluorescent and incandescent light fixtures at the Pine Ridge hospital in Pine Ridge, SD. This includes all interior lights of the hospital that have not already been replaced with LED light fixtures. This project also includes introducing control systems for all lights. Contractor shall install products following all manufacturer’s specifications. The scope of this project includes all demolition, new installation, and clean up for installation of the products. All electrical installation shall be done by an electrician licensed in the state of South Dakota. The Contractor shall remove existing lights in the Pine Ridge Hospital as laid out in drawings that will be issued with the solicitation. Contractor is to minimize finish damage when removing old lights. All damaged finishes and materials will be repaired by contractor to like new condition. All demolished materials will be property of the contractor and shall be disposed of offsite. The contractor will replace all lights indicated with new LED light fixtures. The new lights and light system will be LED nLight type or an approved equivalent. The controls for the lighting system will use relay packs to provide power to the lights. Occupancy sensors shall be used to control light operation in all corridors and rooms. The contractor must follow NFPA 101 when implementing occupancy sensors and have the egress light system still function. In the event of a power outage, all Life Safety circuited lights must come to 100% illumination. All lights must be dimmable to 10% power. The contractor is to submit a plan of all fixture types to be installed as part of this project and their locations. The LED light fixtures must also be included in the submittal and approved. New atrium strip lights are to be installed in two atriums as indicated in the drawings. The type of light fixture to be installed in the atriums will be identified in the solicitation. The linear length of each section of the atrium lights is to be verified by the contractor before ordering. Any wiring and conduit to be installed to facilitate controls and circuiting shall follow NEC and NFPA 101. As builts of any installed wiring are to be given to the facility. Submission Package: Interested PRIME CONTRACTORS are invited to submit a capabilities statement/narrative demonstrating the firm's experience in construction projects of a similar nature as described above. The submittal shall be no longer than ten (10) pages and shall include the following information: 1. Company Information: Provide your firms contact information to include Unique Entity ID, cage code, name, address, and point of contact with verifiably correct telephone number and email address. 2. Indicate if a solicitation is issued will your firm/company be submitting a proposal (Yes/No) 3. Type of Business: Native American-owned, SBA certified 8(a), SBA Certified HUB Zone, Service Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB), Women Owned Small Business (WOSB), and/or Small Businesses (SB). For more information on the definitions or requirements for these small business programs, refer to http://www.sba.gov. For Native American-owned (IEE/ISBEE) firms, the following form shall be completed and submitted along with your firm’s response: “Attachment 1: IHS IEE Representation” along with the controlling enterprise’s Tribal enrollment/certificate of Degree of Indian Blood documentation. Please note that there shall be no personally identifiable information (PII), such as social security numbers, included in the documentation submitted. Any PII shall be redacted prior to submission. 4. Bond Capacity: Information on the firm's bonding capability - specifically identify single and aggregate bonding capacities. 5. Experience Submission Requirements: Submit at least two (2) but no more than five (5) similar projects completed within the last seven (7) years that are relevant to the work that will be required under this project. Firms shall include the following information: a. Indicate whether Prime Contractor or Subcontractor for each project submitted; b. Dates of construction for each project submitted; c. Contract value, location, completion date, and complexity of job for each project submitted; d. Indicate whether the project is a federal, state, tribal or other for each project submitted; and e. Project references/Agency point of contact (telephone number and e-mail address) for each project submitted. f. If the entity responding to this sources sought is submitting experience information from any entity that does not match the name, CAGE code, and/or UEI exactly as stated on the submitting entity’s SAM record (e.g. affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies, sister companies, etc.) the submission shall clearly demonstrate how that entity will have meaningful involvement in the performance of the contract and specifically address which resources would be committed to the contract. Failure to comply with this requirement or failure to adequately demonstrate meaningful involvement and commitment of resources on behalf of that entity may result in that experience information to be considered not relevant. E-MAIL RESPONSES ARE REQUIRED BY 5PM CT, May 01, 2026. Electronic versions of your submission package of ten (10) PAGES OR LESS, shall be submitted VIA E-MAIL to Shaukat Syed, email: Shaukat.Syed@ihs.gov. AGAIN, THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS. This is for planning purposes only and is a market research tool to determine availability and adequacy of potential sources particularly Small Business Sources. The Government will not reimburse responders for the cost of the submittals.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shaukat Syed
  - Email: shaukat.syed@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 5163614989
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jenny Scroggins
  - Email: Jenny.Scroggins@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 2147898164

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: IHS IEE Representation” along with the controlling enterprise’s Tribal enrollment/certificate of Degree of Indian Blood documentation. Please note that there shall be no personally identifiable information (PII), such as social security numbers, included in the documentation submitted. Any PII shall be redacted prior to submission. 4. Bond Capacity: Information on the firm"s bonding capability - specifically identify single and aggregate bonding capacities. 5. Experience Submission Requirements: Submit at least two (2) but no more than five (5) similar projects completed within the last seven (7) years that are relevant to the work that will be required under this project. Firms shall include the following information: a. Indicate whether Prime Contractor or Subcontractor for each project submitted; b. Dates of construction for each project submitted; c. Contract value, location, completion date, and complexity of job for each project submitted; d. Indicate whether the project is a federal, state, tribal or other for each project submitted; and e. Project references/Agency point of contact (telephone number and e-mail address) for each project submitted. f. If the entity responding to this sources sought is submitting experience information from any entity that does not match the name, CAGE code, and/or UEI exactly as stated on the submitting entity’s SAM record (e.g. affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies, sister companies, etc.) the submission shall clearly demonstrate how that entity will have meaningful involvement in the performance of the contract and specifically address which resources would be committed to the contract. Failure to comply with this requirement or failure to adequately demonstrate meaningful involvement and commitment of resources on behalf of that entity may result in that experience information to be considered not relevant. E-MAIL RESPONSES ARE REQUIRED BY 5PM CT, May 01, 2026. Electronic versions of your submission package of ten (10) PAGES OR LESS, shall be submitted VIA E-MAIL to Shaukat Syed, email: Shaukat.Syed@ihs.gov. AGAIN, THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS. This is for planning purposes only and is a market research tool to determine availability and adequacy of potential sources particularly Small Business Sources. The Government will not reimburse responders for the cost of the submittals

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/646fc5f9bd78434497e4570e41500ddf/view)