---
layout: default
title: KC-130 NP2000 Assorted PSE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 760c0d9bd41142359fb187c47eb65a93
---

# KC-130 NP2000 Assorted PSE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-27 14:21:20.558-04
- Solicitation Number: N68335-26-RFI-1049

## Summary

Pursuant to FAR 15.101(c)- This is a Request for Information only. There is no solicitation package available. This Sources Sought is being posted to satisfy the requirements of Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) 206.103-170(d). The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division (NAWCAD), Lakehurst intends to solicit, negotiate, and make an award on a sole-source basis with Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation, d/b/a Collins Aerospace, CAGE Code: 73030 for a Firm Fixed-Price type contract. This procurement is to acquire various pieces of Peculiar Support Equipment (PSE) in support of the KC-130J Program (See Attachment 1). The Dome Assembly Spreader Lifter, NP2000 Propeller Lifter & Manipulator, and Hub Oil Fill/Drain Adapter Set are designated Aviation Critical Safety Items. DFARS 209.370-3(a) states that "the head of the contracting activity responsible for procuring an aviation or ship critical safety item may enter into a contract for the procurement, modification, repair, or overhaul of such an item only with a source approved by the head of the design control activity." For these particular items, the technical authority is NAWCAD Lakehurst. Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation, d/b/a Collins Aerospace, is the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) of the aforementioned items of support equipment. In order to award to any company other than the approved source, an engineering and quality assurance audit would need to be performed on an interested company. For companies interested in becoming an approved source, a Source Approval Request (SAR) is necessary, which involved the submission of a SAR package. Please contact the Point of Contact identified in this post for more information about the SAR package and approval process. THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. This RFI is issued for information and planning purposes and is issued in conformance with DFARS PGI 206.103-170; it does not constitute an Invitation for Bid (IFB), a Request for Proposals (RFP), or a Request for Quotes (RFQ). This RFI does not commit the Government to award a contract for any supply or service whatsoever. The Government WILL NOT pay for any information received in response to this RFI, and the Government will not compensate the respondent for any cost incurred in developing the response to this RFI. Respondents are notified that a formal solicitation may be announced under a separate SAM announcement. Any requests for copies of solicitations will not be addressed since this is an RFI, not an IFB, RFP or RFQ. Responses will be treated as information only, and not as proposals. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future RFP. Any comments provided may or may not be included in a formal solicitation. The Government will not release any information marked with a proprietary legend received in response to this RFI to any firms, agencies or individuals outside the Government without written permission in accordance with the legend. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned. All interested parties should send company information and descriptive literature on currently available products that meet the Navy's requirements, as described above. With the response, include a point of contact, phone number, email address, website information, CAGE code, and Business Size Status for the North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code of this RFI. Any responses in reference to this RFI shall be submitted electronically to the Point of Contact associated with this RFI no later than the requested responses date.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mairen Flanagan
  - Email: mairen.e.flanagan.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7327963606

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . The Dome Assembly Spreader Lifter, NP2000 Propeller Lifter & Manipulator, and Hub Oil Fill/Drain Adapter Set are designated Aviation Critical Safety Items. DFARS 209.370-3(a) states that "the head of the contracting activity responsible for procuring an aviation or ship critical safety item may enter into a contract for the procurement, modification, repair, or overhaul of such an item only with a source approved by the head of the design control activity." For these particular items, the technical authority is NAWCAD Lakehurst. Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation, d/b/a Collins Aerospace, is the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) of the aforementioned items of support equipment. In order to award to any company other than the approved source, an engineering and quality assurance audit would need to be performed on an interested company. For companies interested in becoming an approved source, a Source Approval Request (SAR) is necessary, which involved the submission of a SAR package. Please contact the Point of Contact identified in this post for more information about the SAR package and approval process. THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. This RFI is issued for information and planning purposes and is issued in conformance with DFARS PGI 206.103-170; it does not constitute an Invitation for Bid (IFB), a Request for Proposals (RFP), or a Request for Quotes (RFQ). This RFI does not commit the Government to award a contract for any supply or service whatsoever. The Government WILL NOT pay for any information received in response to this RFI, and the Government will not compensate the respondent for any cost incurred in developing the response to this RFI. Respondents are notified that a formal solicitation may be announced under a separate SAM announcement. Any requests for copies of solicitations will not be addressed since this is an RFI, not an IFB, RFP or RFQ. Responses will be treated as information only, and not as proposals. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future RFP. Any comments provided may or may not be included in a formal solicitation. The Government will not release any information marked with a proprietary legend received in response to this RFI to any firms, agencies or individuals outside the Government without written permission in accordance with the legend. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned. All interested parties should send company information and descriptive literature on currently available products that meet the Navy"s requirements, as described above. With the response, include a point of contact, phone number, email address, website information, CAGE code, and Business Size Status for the North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code of this RFI. Any responses in reference to this RFI shall be submitted electronically to the Point of Contact associated with this RFI no later than the requested responses date

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/760c0d9bd41142359fb187c47eb65a93/view)