---
layout: default
title: Yakutat Remedial Investigation And Removal Action
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 6a04c53b0ef14ce984dfe7967ef70860
---

# Yakutat Remedial Investigation And Removal Action

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 17:54:32.945-04
- Solicitation Number: 697DCK-26-R-00197

## Summary

The FAA has a requirement for a Remedial Investigation (RI) and Removal Action (RA) at multiple locations in Yakutat, Alaska to investigate the presence, severity and extent of contamination in soil and groundwater and remove contaminated soil that are at concentrations that exceed applicable cleanup criteria.. Special Considerations: - Yakutat is not connected to the state’s road system and is accessible by boat and plane. All investigation areas are accessible via the local road system, however there may need to be brush and tree clearing conducted at the former Range Tower Excavation sites as they are located on unmaintained access trails. The Range Tower sites were accessible via excavator, loader and telehandler during 2023 site work. Site access for equipment at the Former Heavy Equipment Shop is limited as significant brush and mature trees are present across the site. Below is an abbreviation of the statement of work and no attachments will be provided until solicitation: - A Building Permit from AK DOT is required for work at all locations of the Building 607 Area, and the Former Heavy Equipment Shop. - The Contractor must provide all equipment, supplies and labor required to perform RI and RA activities at multiple locations in Yakutat (Range Towers, Building 607 Area, and the Former Heavy Equipment Building). - All RI and RA activities including soil and groundwater sampling, soil screening, excavation sampling, soil stockpile sampling, and monitoring well installation/development/sampling must be conducted according to the most recent ADEC Field Sampling Guidance and Groundwater Sampling and Monitoring Wells Guidance. - The Contractor must use allotted samples to delineate the lateral and vertical extent of all previously indicated sources of contamination exceeding applicable cleanup levels at Building 607 Area and identify source areas and potential COCs at the Range Tower Engine Generator (EG) Building and Former Heavy Equipment Building. Investigation and excavation at each site must be guided by direct read field instruments, when possible (ie XRF for lead, and PID for petroleum/solvents), historical information, and professional judgment. - All RI activities must be overseen be a Qualified Environmental Professional (QEP) as defined by 18 AAC 75.333. - All RI activities including, but not limited to, soil and groundwater sampling, soil screening, and monitoring well installation/development/sampling must be conducted according to the most recent 18 AAC 75, ADEC Field Sampling Guidance and Groundwater Sampling and Monitoring Wells Guidance. - Analytical sampling must be conducted for media and analytes listed at each feature of work in Section 4, 5 and Section 12 “Sample Analysis and Regulatory Methods” - Petroleum Soil Screening and Sampling: All petroleum contamination must be delineated utilizing analytical sampling. The Contractor must utilize an appropriate petroleum screening methodology (including but not limited to PID and visual and olfactory screening) to assist in determining field sampling locations. - Non-Petroleum Soil Screening and Sampling: Non-petroleum contamination (PCBs, RCRA metals, etc.) investigation must be delineated utilizing analytical sampling. The Contractor must utilize an appropriate screening methodology (XRF) to assist in determining field sampling locations. The method by which samples must be collected is called out in each of the specific Field Activity Locations, but includes surface sampling, and soil borings to collect screening and analytical data. - Soil Borings Soil borings must be completed by continuously coring and logging with a direct push drill rig with a direct push or hollow stem auger; however, the Contractor must also be prepared to use hand tools to sample in locations that are not accessible by drill rig. Soil boring logs must be provided for each boring. - Excavation All excavations and subsequent confirmation sampling must be conducted in accordance with the ADEC Field Sampling Guidance. All Excavations must be backfilled in ~1’ lifts and compacted using onsite equipment. Backfill must be slightly mounded to prevent ponding. - Training Requirements The EPA requires in 40 CFR Part 265.16 all personnel working on hazardous waste sites to be trained in hazardous waste management procedures, and emergency response. All personnel responsible for preparing or reviewing manifest(s) must have received training pursuant to the requirements of 40 and 49 CFR sufficient to manifest waste. - The Contractor will be required to submit pre and post project documentation for each contract. Acceptance of Contractor submittals is subject to the approval of the FAA and other local, state, and federal regulatory agencies as applicable to the specific project. The FAA reserves the right to request changes and modifications to Contractor submittals in order to obtain the quality specified. The Contractor submittals may be outright rejected for failing to meet specifications. In order to better understand the market for this potential requirement, the FAA requests the following information from interested SEDB 8(a) certified vendors: 1. Name of Company (the resultant Prime contractor that may ultimately be awarded the subsequent contract) 2. Address 3. Point of Contact name, email address and telephone number 4. UEI Number 5. Relevant experience on similar projects within the last five years. Please provide specific contract numbers, contact names and email information to support claimed capabilities. Limit to 5 pages. The System for Award Management (SAM) registration for interested Contractors must show that they are an active SBA certified 8(a) program participant or the interested Contractor must provide a copy of their SBA 8(a) certification letter in their response to this notice to be considered for inclusion in the future solicitation. Please submit your capability statement and the above information to Sonia.o.holguin@faa.gov no later than March 31, 2026 at 1200 Central Time. Failure to respond to this pre-solicitation with all of the requested information will preclude a Contractor’s ability to receive a copy of the future solicitation. Limit complete responses to no more than five pages. Information will not be released; however, mark PROPRIETARY on all documents submitted, as applicable.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sonia Holguin
  - Email: sonia.o.holguin@faa.gov
  - Phone: 8172224397

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6a04c53b0ef14ce984dfe7967ef70860/view)