---
layout: default
title: Custom Fitted Musical Instrument Cases
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 8adbaeeffc864a17948349e59d4d3106
---

# Custom Fitted Musical Instrument Cases

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-26 18:21:53.536-04
- Solicitation Number: M010796894262

## Summary

The Regional Contracting Office MCIWEST is conducting SKB (brand name) market research to identify contractors capable of providing custom-fitted musical instrument cases, that are equipped to handle travel conditions for the 3rd Marine Air Wing Band. Quantity three, french horn case, fixed bell. Brand Name, SKB, Model 3i-2317-14 with custom insert, or similar. Salient Characteristics: The case must be an injection molded mil-spec case made of high-strength polypropylene copolymer resin. Must be water and dust-tight and all parts must be resistant to impact, corrosion, ultraviolet light, solvents, and fungus. Must have trigger release latches, a hinge lid, wheels, and snap down cushion grip handles, including a carrying handle and a pull handle. The interior must be fitted with a 2 lb polyethylene foam insert custom cut that securely holds a Conn 8D fixed bell french horn without damage during commercial air travel. Interior dimensions must be 23” long by 17” wide by 14” deep. Manf Part Number: 3i-2317-14 custom Quantity three, french horn case, screw bell. Brand Name, SKB, Model 3i-2421-7 with custom insert, or similar. Salient Characteristics: The case must be an injection molded mil-spec case made of high-strength polypropylene copolymer resin. Must be water and dust-tight and all parts must be resistant to impact, corrosion, ultraviolet light, solvents, and fungus. Must have trigger release latches, a hinge lid, wheels, and snap down cushion grip handles, including a carrying handle and a pull handle. The interior must be fitted with a 2 lb polyethylene foam insert custom cut that securely holds a Conn 8D screw bell french horn without damage during commercial air travel. Interior dimensions must be 24” long by 21” wide by 7” deep. Manf Part Number: 3i-2421-7 custom Quantity three, alto saxophone case. Brand Name, SKB, Model 3i-2215-8 with custom insert, or similar. Salient Characteristics: The case must be an injection molded mil-spec case made of high-strength polypropylene copolymer resin. Must be water and dust-tight and all parts must be resistant to impact, corrosion, ultraviolet light, solvents, and fungus. Must have trigger release latches, a hinge lid, wheels, and snap down cushion grip handles, including a carrying handle and a pull handle. The interior must be fitted with a 2 lb polyethylene foam insert custom cut that securely holds a Yamaha YAS-62 alto saxophone without damage during commercial air travel. Interior dimensions must be 22” long by 15” wide by 8” deep. Manf Part Number: 3i-2215-8 custom Quantity two, tenor saxophone case. Brand Name, SKB, Model 3i-3613-12 with custom insert, or similar. Salient Characteristics: Salient Characteristics: The case must be an injection molded mil-spec case made of high-strength polypropylene copolymer resin. Must be water and dust-tight and all parts must be resistant to impact, corrosion, ultraviolet light, solvents, and fungus. Must have trigger release latches, a hinge lid, wheels, and snap down cushion grip handles, including a carrying handle and a pull handle. The interior must be fitted with a custom 2 lb polyethylene foam insert custom cut that securely holds a Yamaha YTS-62 tenor saxophone without damage during commercial air travel. Interior dimensions must be 36” long by 13” wide by 12” deep. Manf Part Number: 3i-3613-12 custom Quantity two, euphonium case. Brand Name, SKB, Model 3i-2918-14 with custom insert, or similar. Salient Characteristics: Salient Characteristics: The case must be an injection molded mil-spec case made of high-strength polypropylene copolymer resin. Must be water and dust-tight and all parts must be resistant to impact, corrosion, ultraviolet light, solvents, and fungus. Must have trigger release latches, a hinge lid, wheels, and snap down cushion grip handles, including a carrying handle and a pull handle. The interior must be fitted with a custom 2 lb polyethylene foam insert custom cut that securely holds a Wilson 2950 euphonium without damage during commercial air travel. Interior dimensions must be 29” long by 18” wide by 14” deep. Manf Part Number: 3i-2918-14 custom Quantity six, tenor trombone case. Brand Name, SKB, Model 3i-3613-12 with custom insert, or similar. Salient Characteristics: Salient Characteristics: The case must be an injection molded mil-spec case made of high-strength polypropylene copolymer resin. Must be water and dust-tight and all parts must be resistant to impact, corrosion, ultraviolet light, solvents, and fungus. Must have trigger release latches, a hinge lid, wheels, and snap down cushion grip handles, including a carrying handle and a pull handle. The interior must be fitted with a custom 2 lb polyethylene foam insert custom cut that securely holds a Bach Model 42 closed wrap tenor trombone without damage during commercial air travel. Interior dimensions must be 36” long by 13” wide by 12” deep. Manf Part Number: 3i-3613-12 custom Quantity one, bass trombone case. Brand Name, SKB, Model 3i-3613-12 with custom insert, or similar. Salient Characteristics: The case must be an injection molded mil-spec case made of high-strength polypropylene copolymer resin. Must be water and dust-tight and all parts must be resistant to impact, corrosion, ultraviolet light, solvents, and fungus. Must have trigger release latches, a hinge lid, wheels, and snap down cushion grip handles, including a carrying handle and a pull handle. The interior must be fitted with a 2 lb polyethylene foam insert custom cut that securely holds a Bach Model 50 bass trombone without damage during commercial air travel. Interior dimensions must be 36” long by 13” wide by 12” deep. Manf Part Number: 3i-3613-12 custom Quantity ten, double trumpet case. Brand Name, SKB, Model 3i-2313-8 with custom insert, or similar. Salient Characteristics: The case must be an injection molded mil-spec case made of high-strength polypropylene copolymer resin. Must be water and dust-tight and all parts must be resistant to impact, corrosion, ultraviolet light, solvents, and fungus. Must have trigger release latches, a hinge lid, and a snap down cushion grip handle. The interior must be fitted with a 2 lb polyethylene foam insert custom cut that securely holds a Bach Model 42B closed wrap tenor trombone without damage during commercial air travel. Interior dimensions must be 23” long by 13” wide by 8” deep. Manf Part Number: 3i-2313-8 custom Quantity one, baritone saxophone case. Brand Name, SKB, Model 3i-4414-10 with custom insert, or similar. Salient Characteristics: The case must be an injection molded mil-spec case made of high-strength polypropylene copolymer resin. Must be water and dust-tight and all parts must be resistant to impact, corrosion, ultraviolet light, solvents, and fungus. Must have trigger release latches, a hinge lid, wheels, and snap down cushion grip handles, including a carrying handle and a pull handle. The interior must be fitted with a 2 lb polyethylene foam insert custom cut that securely holds a Yamaha YBS-62 baritone saxophone without damage during commercial air travel. Interior dimensions must be 44” long by 14” wide by 10” deep. Manf Part Number: 3i-4414-10 custom Quantity nine, non-recurring engineering set up fee. Salient Characteristics: Custom engineering to precisely fit polyethylene foam to the dimensions of the instrument for each type of case requested. Each instrument case must be specifically fit to the instrument listed in the salient characteristics. Manf Part Number: N/A

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Capt Berg, Annie
  - Email: annie.berg@usmc.mil
  - Phone: 7607258453

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8adbaeeffc864a17948349e59d4d3106/view)