---
layout: default
title: Immersion Tank Replacement at FRCE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 9690dda070d14a33abcc12617fb30646
---

# Immersion Tank Replacement at FRCE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 13:33:31.713-04
- Solicitation Number: N68520-26-SIMACQ-JC00000-0172

## Summary

***QUESTIONS & ANSWERS*** 1. Lifting System / Parts Handling Intent QUESTION: SOW Section 3.3.2 references a platform that will raise and lower utilizing a hydraulic system with minimum 3-inch linear shafts and bearings mounted to the machine base. Please confirm whether the Government intends the replacement system to include: an integrated vertical lifting platform as part of the immersion tank system; or a separate external lifting/handling arrangement. ANSWER: An integrated platform. If the 4,000-lb parts are expected to be loaded using existing shop equipment, please advise whether any specific loading interface, clearance, or protection features should be incorporated into the replacement design. 2. Lift System Power Basis and Intended Use of Compressed Air QUESTION: Please clarify how the platform lift system is intended to relate to the facility compressed air referenced in SOW Section 3.7.10. Please confirm: whether the primary lift system is intended to be hydraulic, pneumatic, or hybrid; ANSWER: Hydraulic lift system. if the lift system is hydraulic, what function compressed air is intended to serve within the replacement immersion tank system. ANSWER: None. It is standard to include compressed air connections within the area if needed. If compressed air is intended for a defined process function such as valve actuation, agitation, blowoff, or another equipment function, please identify that intended use so offerors can align system design and pricing accordingly. 3. Lifting System / Alternative Handling Approach QUESTION: SOW Section 3.3.2 references a platform that will raise and lower utilizing a hydraulic system with minimum 3-inch linear shafts and bearings mounted to the machine base. To align the quotation with the Government’s intended handling approach, please confirm whether offerors are required to provide an integrated lifting platform as part of the immersion tank system, or whether the Government will consider functionally equivalent alternative handling methods that achieve safe loading, immersion, and unloading of the required parts. ANSWER: No, we will not accept alternative methods other than what is stated in the SOW. For example, would the Government consider an approach in which the immersion tank is decoupled from the lifting mechanism and parts handling is performed by a dedicated gantry crane, manipulator, or other external lifting system designed for loading and unloading operations? If alternative approaches are acceptable, please advise whether the Government has any preferences or constraints regarding: a. separation of the lifting system from the tank structure; b. loading and unloading access; c. part positioning accuracy during immersion; and d. operator safety, maintenance access, and workflow around the tank. (Annex 1 provided for context and illustration of such alternative) 4. Air Emissions Permitting QUESTION: Please advise whether the existing immersion strip tank in Shop 93113 operates under any current/existing air emissions permitting requirements, and whether any permit update is anticipated in connection with the replacement system. ANSWER: System is a one for one replacement so no additional permits should be required. System is only replacing existing duct work. If permit-related coordination is anticipated, please advise how the Government expects offerors to address that in their quotations and performance. 5. Hazardous Area Classification / Electrical Design Basis QUESTION: Please advise whether a hazardous area classification has been established for the immersion tank work area in Shop 93113 and, if so, whether any applicable classification or reference information is available for offerors to use in preparing the electrical design. This includes whether explosion-proof electrical systems are required at the installation area. ANSWER: No hazardous area classification has been established for the immersion tank work area. 6. Existing Survey / Reference Information QUESTION: If available, please provide or confirm the availability of any of the following existing reference information relevant to the replacement work: a. prior lead-based paint or asbestos survey information for the existing tank, connected piping, ductwork, or associated insulation; ANSWER: 3.7.4 Requires lead and asbestos testing by the vendor. b. Please advise whether any floor slab or structural information is available for the installation location in Shop 93113 sufficient to confirm support of the replacement immersion tank system under operating load. If available, please provide any relevant structural reference information, including known slab bearing capacity limitations or subsurface conditions that could affect installation. ANSWER: Non-Available at this time. c. shop photographs showing the tank area, surrounding equipment, access path, overhead conditions, and visible utility connections; and ANSWER: Photos are not available of the production area. d. confirmation whether Drawing PE-22152 supersedes the SOW reference to PE-22110, or whether PE-22110 is a separate drawing that should also be provided. ANSWER: PE-22152 is the only drawing for this project. PE22110 is a misprint and will be corrected in the SOW. 7. Evaluation of Technical Submission QUESTION: Because the solicitation requires quotation drawings under SOW Section 3.6.7, please clarify how those drawings will be reviewed as part of quotation evaluation. Please confirm: a. whether quotations will be evaluated on a lowest-price technically acceptable basis, or another basis; ANSWER: Lowest-price technically acceptable. b. whether the equipment drawings are reviewed only for technical acceptability/compliance, or whether technical merit will be comparatively evaluated; and ANSWER: Technical acceptability/compliance. c. whether any additional non-price factors beyond the submitted drawings will be considered in award. ANSWER: If the machine meets all technical requirements per the SOW the lowest-price technically acceptable will be reviewed. REQUEST FOR QUOTE The Commander, Fleet Readiness Center (COMFRC) Procurement Group (PG), in support of the Fleet Readiness Center East (FRCE) Marine Corps Air Station (MCAS) Cherry Point, North Carolina, intends to procure the replacement of one (1) Immersion Tank Wash System. The install of the new system shall include the removal and DRMO of the old Immersion Tank, piping, and duct work up to connection with duct work at the inside wall. Please see N6852026Q1010 Solicitation attached to this notice for the full requirement description. Please submit all questions via e-mail to jeffrey.t.smith6.civ@us.navy.mil. All questions must be submitted no later than 3:00 Eastern Daylight Time, 27 March 2026. It is the responsibility of the Offeror to ensure timely Government receipt in accordance with above. The Government is not responsible for responses to questions for which the Offeror did not receive submission confirmation from the Government. Responses to questions will be posted as an update to this announcement via this website. It is the Offeror's responsibility to monitor this announcement for further information. Requests for Attachment D (Distribution D) shall be submitted to jeffrey.t.smith6.civ@us.navy.mil and adam.c.coombs.mil@us.navy.mil. DISCLAIMER - THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT TO BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT, NOR WILL THE GOVERNMENT PAY FOR ANY INFORMATION SOLICITED OR PROVIDED.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jeffrey Smith
  - Email: jeffrey.t.smith6.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Adam Coombs
  - Email: adam.c.coombs.mil@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: provided for context and illustration of such alternative) 4. Air Emissions Permitting QUESTION: Please advise whether the existing immersion strip tank in Shop 93113 operates under any current/existing air emissions permitting requirements, and whether any permit update is anticipated in connection with the replacement system. ANSWER: System is a one for one replacement so no additional permits should be required. System is only replacing existing duct work. If permit-related coordination is anticipated, please advise how the Government expects offerors to address that in their quotations and performance. 5. Hazardous Area Classification / Electrical Design Basis QUESTION: Please advise whether a hazardous area classification has been established for the immersion tank work area in Shop 93113 and, if so, whether any applicable classification or reference information is available for offerors to use in preparing the electrical design. This includes whether explosion-proof electrical systems are required at the installation area. ANSWER: No hazardous area classification has been established for the immersion tank work area. 6. Existing Survey / Reference Information QUESTION: If available, please provide or confirm the availability of any of the following existing reference information relevant to the replacement work: a. prior lead-based paint or asbestos survey information for the existing tank, connected piping, ductwork, or associated insulation; ANSWER: 3.7.4 Requires lead and asbestos testing by the vendor. b. Please advise whether any floor slab or structural information is available for the installation location in Shop 93113 sufficient to confirm support of the replacement immersion tank system under operating load. If available, please provide any relevant structural reference information, including known slab bearing capacity limitations or subsurface conditions that could affect installation. ANSWER: Non-Available at this time. c. shop photographs showing the tank area, surrounding equipment, access path, overhead conditions, and visible utility connections; and ANSWER: Photos are not available of the production area. d. confirmation whether Drawing PE-22152 supersedes the SOW reference to PE-22110, or whether PE-22110 is a separate drawing that should also be provided. ANSWER: PE-22152 is the only drawing for this project. PE22110 is a misprint and will be corrected in the SOW. 7. Evaluation of Technical Submission QUESTION: Because the solicitation requires quotation drawings under SOW Section 3.6.7, please clarify how those drawings will be reviewed as part of quotation evaluation. Please confirm: a. whether quotations will be evaluated on a lowest-price technically acceptable basis, or another basis; ANSWER: Lowest-price technically acceptable. b. whether the equipment drawings are reviewed only for technical acceptability/compliance, or whether technical merit will be comparatively evaluated; and ANSWER: Technical acceptability/compliance. c. whether any additional non-price factors beyond the submitted drawings will be considered in award. ANSWER: If the machine meets all technical requirements per the SOW the lowest-price technically acceptable will be reviewed. REQUEST FOR QUOTE The Commander, Fleet Readiness Center (COMFRC) Procurement Group (PG), in support of the Fleet Readiness Center East (FRCE) Marine Corps Air Station (MCAS) Cherry Point, North Carolina, intends to procure the replacement of one (1) Immersion Tank Wash System. The install of the new system shall include the removal and DRMO of the old Immersion Tank, piping, and duct work up to connection with duct work at the inside wall. Please see N6852026Q1010 Solicitation attached to this notice for the full requirement description. Please submit all questions via e-mail to jeffrey.t.smith6.civ@us.navy.mil. All questions must be submitted no later than 3:00 Eastern Daylight Time, 27 March 2026. It is the responsibility of the Offeror to ensure timely Government receipt in accordance with above. The Government is not responsible for responses to questions for which the Offeror did not receive submission confirmation from the Government. Responses to questions will be posted as an update to this announcement via this website. It is the Offeror"s responsibility to monitor this announcement for further information. Requests for Attachment D (Distribution D) shall be submitted to jeffrey.t.smith6.civ@us.navy.mil and adam.c.coombs.mil@us.navy.mil. DISCLAIMER - THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT TO BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT, NOR WILL THE GOVERNMENT PAY FOR ANY INFORMATION SOLICITED OR PROVIDED

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9690dda070d14a33abcc12617fb30646/view)