---
layout: default
title: 52000QR260024183- CGC Escanaba 28VDC Rectifier
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 2b4b44c1e670441a9cebbcf4173736b9
---

# 52000QR260024183- CGC Escanaba 28VDC Rectifier

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 23:17:23.952-04
- Solicitation Number: 52000QR260024183

## Summary

USCGC Escanaba Active and USCGC Diligence Air Circuit Breaker Solicitation Amendment #1 This is a modification to combined synopsis/solicitation 52000RFQ260024183 for a commercial item prepared in accordance with the format outlined in FAR Subpart 12.6, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. The purpose of this modification is to incorporate and distribute the Government's responses to questions submitted by interested parties regarding the solicitation requirements. This ensures all potential offerors have access to the same clarifying information prior to submitting their proposals. The Government has: Provided responses to vendor Questions (Q&A) Extended the solicitation closing window. To ensure all offerors have a clear understanding of the technical and administrative requirements, the Government is providing the following responses to questions received during the open solicitation period: Question 1: Is there a specific manufacturer or model number currently installed that the USCG prefers for this replacement? Government Response 1: Part Number: 137-01B Question 2: Beyond the 28VDC output, are there specific amperage requirements or physical dimension constraints we should account for in our cost breakdown? Government Response 2: INPUT SPECIFICATIONS Voltage 440 VAC, 3 phase, 3 wire, 60 Hz Current Nominal 18 A – Maximum 30 A Full Load Output OUTPUT SPECIFICATIONS Applicable standards MIL-P-15736/1D Output voltage 26 to 32 VDC adjustable Line drop compensated for up to 3.5V cable drop with 1000A output current Voltage regulation +/-2% Rated output current 300A Short-term output current 1000A for 1 sec 750A for 4 sec 500A for 15 sec 350A for 30 sec (Four consecutive cycles repeatable with 5 minute rest time) Short circuit capacity 1100A for 2 seconds Ripple and noise 2Vpp Efficiency at rated load 80% Parallel operation Up to 3 units can be paralleled to provide up to 1000A continuous output. Instructions to Offerors: All other terms and conditions of the original solicitation remain unchanged. If a previous proposal was submitted by the first closing window and no response or revised proposal is received from the bidder on this amendment, the original proposal will be deemed final and binding and evaluated as-is. It is the sole responsibility of the interested party to monitor the solicitation for all modifications. The new closing date for this solicitation is Thursday, April 23rd, 2026, 10:00 AM EST. Proposals must be received by this deadline to be considered. CGC ESCANABA 28VDC RECTIFIER This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information in this notice. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote Number 52000QR260024183. This procurement will be processed in accordance with FAR Part 12. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) is 336611. The small business size standard is 1300. This is a total small business set aside all responsible small business sources may submit proposals that will be considered. This synopsis/solicitation is issued pursuant to FAR 13.106-1(b), and the resultant purchase order will be awarded on a firm-fixed price basis using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR 13. THE UNITED STATED COAST GUARD SURFACE FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER REQUEST THE CONTRACTORS TO PROVIDE PRICING FOR THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENT: The contractor shall provide CGC ESCANABA 28VDC RECTIFIER. A. REQUIREMENT: 1. 28VDC RECTIFIER. See Attached SOW. 2. Location of Delivery CGC ESCANABA 4000 Coast Guard Blvd Portsmouth, VA 23703 3. EXPECTED DELIVERY DATE: 09/03/2026-12/03/2026 Interested Vendors shall provide product/service details, Product Data Sheet, and cost breakdown IAW SOW for technical review. Vendors shall provide a detailed cost breakdown to include all the specifications to be reviewed by a technical rep. NOTE: The USCG/Government reserves the right to Award on an All or None Basis, i.e., the Government may issue a Purchase Order (PO) to the offeror that submits the lowest aggregate price, rather than issue a PO to each offeror based on the lowest quotation on each item. As stated below, the provision at FAR 52.212-2- Evaluation-Commercial Items-applies with the following addenda: Award of a contract will be based on the following criteria: The purchase order will be awarded as a firm-fixed price contract using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR Part 13.5. 1. Please provide any warranty information. 2. Vendors MUST be registered in www.sam.gov The USCG/Government intends to award a purchase order resulting from this synopsis/solicitation to the responsible contractor whose quote conforms to the solicitation and is most advantageous and the best value to the Government, price and other factors considered. Please Note: Interested Offerors having the expertise as required are invited to submit a Firm Fixed Price quotation that will be considered by the agency. Quotations must be submitted on company letterhead stationery and must include the following information: (1) Cost Breakdown (2) Unit Cost (3) Extended Price (4) Total Price (5) Payment Terms (6) Discount offered for prompt payment (7) Company Unique Entity ID (UEI) and Cage Code. Quotes must be received no later than 23 April 2026 at 10:00 A.M. Eastern Standard Time. Email quotes are acceptable and shall be sent to Mr. Cornelius Claiborne at: Cornelius.N.Claiborne@uscg.mil and carbon copy Contracting Officer, SKC Karla Balint at karla.p.balint@uscg.mil. Any questions or concerns regarding any aspect of the RFQ must be forwarded to Mr. Cornelius Claiborne at email address – Cornelius.N.Claiborne@uscg.mil and carbon copy Contracting Officer, SKC Karla Balint via email Karla.p.balint@uscg.mil The following FAR Clauses and Provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 - Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Items (Sep 2023) FAR 52.212-2 - Evaluation - Commercial Items (Nov 2021) Award will be made to the Offeror proposing the Best Value to the Government considering specification, price, past performance and quality. FAR 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (Oct 2025) to include Alt I (Feb 2024). Offeror shall complete annual representations and certification electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website accessed through https://www.sam.gov. FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions -Commercial Items (Nov 2023) with the following addenda. FAR 52.212-5 - Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items (Jan 2025) FAR 52.252-2 - Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), the full text of the clause may be accessed electronically at https://acquisition.gov. FAR 52.204-7 – System for Award Management (Nov 2024). Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. To facilitate payment via Electronic Funds Transfer - SAM, contractors shall be registered in SAM. A UEI number can be obtained via https://www.dnb.com and SAM registration can be obtained via https://www.sam.gov. The following clauses, and others as directed by the Contracting Officer as applicable, shall apply to this awarded contract: FAR 52.222-3 - Convict Labor (Jun 2003) FAR 52.222-19 - Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan2025) (E.O.13126). FAR 52.222-35 - Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-36 - Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). FAR 52.222-37 - Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-50 - Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). FAR 52.225-1 - Buy American Supplies (Oct 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). (51) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury).FAR 52.232-33 - Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - Systems for Award Management (Oct 2018) FAR 52.233-3 - Protest After Award (Aug 1996) FAR 52.233-4 - Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) NOTE: In addition to the listed clauses, please review the attached FAR Clause Matrix for all clauses applicable to this requirement. *The above/following clauses are incorporated by reference, entire clause(s) available at https://acquisition.gov. NOTICE TO OFFERORS CONCERNING REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS: This solicitation contains FAR Clause 52.204-7, System for Award Management and FAR Provision 52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications. In accordance with FAR 4.1201 (a), prospective contractors shall complete electronic annual representations and certifications via SAM accessed through https://www.sam.gov. Please ensure completion prior to submitting a quote. Paragraph (b) of FAR 52.204-8 applies. System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Additional examples include 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions—Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Cornelius Claiborne
  - Email: cornelius.N.claiborne@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Karla P. Balint
  - Email: karla.p.balint@uscg.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2b4b44c1e670441a9cebbcf4173736b9/view)