---
layout: default
title: Intent to Sole Source - External & Inlet Lighting Repairs
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: fbd0260e4d3f489b80c049c02bc0bbea
---

# Intent to Sole Source - External & Inlet Lighting Repairs

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 11:49:24.027-04
- Solicitation Number: W50S7F26Q0012

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number W50S7F26Q0012 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) for External Lighting Panel and Right and Left-Hand Inlet Light Repair Services. This acquisition is set-aside 100% for small business concerns. North American Industrial Classification Standard 334511 applies to this solicitation; business size standard is 1,350 employees. The Contracting Officer reserves the right to award under a different NAICS if the company qualifies as a small business under the solicited NAICS. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The 148th Fighter Wing, Minnesota Air National Guard intends to issue a Firm Fixed-Price award for the following: NSN 1680-01-541-0907: External Lighting Panel Repair, quantity 1 NSN 6220-01-475-1996: Left-Hand Inlet Light Repair, quantity 2 NSN 6220-01-473-1998: Right-Hand Inlet Light Repair, quantity 1 In accordance with the attached Statement of Work. The 148th Fighter Wing anticipates that this is a Sole Source requirement due to Higher Air Force authorized and approved vendors to complete the repairs. We are publicizing this requirement in compliance with FAR 5.101. Preparing and Submitting your Quote: Offerors shall provide pricing for the above items inclusive of delivery to the Minnesota Air National Guard, 4680 Viper Street, Duluth, MN 55811-6022. These items must be delivered within 60 days after date of contract. If you cannot meet this request, please provide your best delivery date. Please make quotes valid for a minimum of 60 days. Response is encouraged to include past performance information: other military, commercial, and civilian companies with whom you have done business. Include place of manufacture for all items. Include feasible delivery dates. Preferred CLIN structure: CLIN0001: External Lighting Panel Repairs, 1 Job CLIN0002: Left-Hand Inlet Light Repairs, 2 Job CLIN0003: Right Hand Inlet Light Repairs, 2 Job All questions and quotes must be directed to Rebecca Dimler at rebecca.dimler@us.af.mil no later than two business days prior to quote due date. All questions and answers must be in writing. Do not contact other Government personnel, as this will only delay receipt of answers. All questions and the answers provided will be released to all eligible offerors on a non-attribution basis. All terms and conditions remain unchanged unless amended in writing. Place the solicitation number in the subject line of any email. Evaluation: The Government plans to award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offer conforming to the solicitation which will be most advantageous to the Government and on the basis of a Best Value approach. Quotes will be evaluated using price, technical, delivery, and past performance. Technical, delivery, and past performance, when combined, are approximately equal to price. All solicitation specifications are not absolute and the 148FW will consider innovative solutions to this requirement. Quotes may be comparatively evaluated in compliance with FAR 12.203. Be sure to submit/attach enough additional information to enable the Government to fully ascertain the specifications/capabilities of any products quoted. The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with offerors. Therefore, the offeror’s initial offer should contain the offeror’s best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest; accept other than the lowest offer; and waiver informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. GOVERNMENT INTENDS TO ISSUE ONE (1) CONTRACT BUT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CONSIDER PARTIAL OR MULTIPLE AWARDS. If not already registered in SAM, go to WWW.SAM.GOV to register prior to submitting quote. At the time of evaluation of your quote, your company must have an active status in SAM.gov. Electronic Documents: All electronic documents must NOT be “secured”, “locked”, or otherwise inaccessible. Submitter risks rejection if documents prove inhospitable to viewing and evaluation. Utilize standard Microsoft or Adobe formats, and net file size of all documents should be less than 10MB. A small business joint venture offeror must submit, with its offer, the representation required in paragraph (c) of FAR solicitation provision 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and paragraph (c) of FAR solicitation provision 52.219-1, Small Business Program Representations, in accordance with 52.204-8(d) and 52.212-3(b) for the following categories: (A) Small business; (B) Service-disabled veteran-owned small business; (C) Women-owned small business (WOSB) under the WOSB Program; (D) Economically disadvantaged women-owned small business under the WOSB Program; or (E) Historically underutilized business zone small business. The selected Offeror must comply with the following Clauses, which are incorporated herein by reference: 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (JAN 2017) 52.204-13 System for Award Management-Maintenance (DEV) (FEB 2026) 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications. (DEC 2014) 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest when Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded (DEV) 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (DEV) (FEB 2026) 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items (NOV 2023) 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns (NOV 2025) 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (NOV 2025) 52.222-3 Convict Labor (DEV) (FEB 2026) 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (DEV) (FEB 2026) 52.222-20 Contracts for Materials, Supplies, Articles, and Equipment (JUN 2020) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (DEV) (FEB 2026) 52.222-40 Notification of Employees Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (DEV) (DATE) 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards (AUG 2018) 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (MAY 2014) 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards--Price 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (DEV) (FEB 2026) 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification (JAN 2025) 52.222-55 Minimum Wage for Contractor Workers under Executive Order 14026 (JAN 2022) 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (JAN 2022) 52.223-5 Pollution Prevention and Right-to-Know Information (MAY 2024) 52.223-23 Sustainable Products (DEV) (FEB 2026) 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (OCT 2018) 52.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations (JUN 2013) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) 52.233-2 Service of Protest (SEP 2006) 52.233-3 Protest after Award (DEV) 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract (FEB 2026) 52.237-2 Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, And Vegetation (APR 1984) 52.237-3 Continuity of Services (JAN 1991) 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (DEV 2026-O0025) (FEB 2026) 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEV 2026-O015) (FEB 2026) 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations In Clauses (NOV 2020) 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials (SEP 2011) 252.203-7001 Prohibition On Persons Convicted of Fraud or Other Defense-Contract-Related Felonies (JAN 2023) 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights (DEC 2022) 252.204-7003 Control Of Government Personnel Work Product (APR 1992) 252.204-7009 Limitations on the use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information (JAN 2023) 252.204-7012 Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting (DEV 2024-O0013, REV 1) (MAY 2024) 252.204-7015 Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support (JAN 2023) 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services (JAN 2023) 252.211-7003 Item Unique Identification and Valuation (JAN 2023) 252.223-7006 Prohibition on Storage, Treatment, and Disposal of Toxic or Hazardous Materials (SEP 2014) 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium (JAN 2023) 252.223-7998 Prohibition on Procurement of Certain Items Containing Perfluorooctane Sulfonate or Perfluorooctanic Acid (Dev 2022-O0010, REV 1) (APR 2023) 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program (FEB 2024) 252.225-7002 Qualifying Country Sources As Subcontractors (MAR 2022) 252.225-7036 Buy American--Free Trade Agreements--Balance of Payments Program--Basic (FEB 2024) 252.225-7048 Export-Controlled Items (JUN 2013) 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime (JAN 2023) 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (JAN 2023) 252.225-7972 Prohibition on the Procurement of Foreign-Made Unmanned Aircraft Systems (DEV 2024-O0014) (AUG 2024) 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports (DEC 2018) 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments (DEC 2006) 252.237-7010 Prohibition on Interrogation of Detainees by Contractor (JAN 2023) 252.243-7001 Pricing Of Contract Modifications (DEC 1991) 252.244-7000 Subcontracts for Commercial Items (NOV 2023) 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea (OCT 2024) Provisions 52.204-7 System for Award Management (NOV 2024) 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law (FEB 2016) 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEV 2026-O0028) (FEB 2026) 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEV 2026-O0028) (FEB 2026) 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (OCT 2025) AND Alt I (FEB 2024) 52.219-1 Small Business Program Representations (FEB 2024) 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products (FEB 2021) 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment—Certification (DEV 2026-O0040) (FEB 2026) 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate (OCT 2022) 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certificates (DEV) (FEB 2026) 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials (SEP 2022) 252.204-7008 Compliance With Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls (OCT 2016) 252.204-7016 Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation (DEC 2019) 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation (MAY 2021) 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System (MAR 2023) 252.225-7000 Buy American--Balance Of Payments Program Certificate-- Basic (FEB 2024) 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime (MAY 2022) 252.225-7059 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region—Certification (JAN 2023) 252.225-7061 Restriction on the Acquisition of Personal Protective Equipment and Certain Other Items from Non-Allied Foreign Nations (JAN 2023) Provisions and Clauses for this synopsis/solicitation can be found in full text at https://www.acquisition.gov/. Additional required clauses other than those listed above may be included as Addenda on the award document. 52.212-2 EVALUATION—COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES. (DEV 2026-O0028) (FEB 2026) (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Technical Capability Past Performance Price Evaluation factors other than price, when combined, are approximately equal to price. The offeror must submit detailed information for each evaluation factor. The information within the quote must demonstrate that the services offered meet or exceed the minimum specifications found in the solicitation Statement of Work (SOW). MN ANG will evaluate the offers on the basis of information furnished by the offeror in response to the solicitation. Factor One – Technical Capability Understanding of Required Work and Reporting Requirements – The offeror shall provide in their quote sufficient information to demonstrate their clear understanding of all requirements involved in providing the external lighting and right- and left-hand inlet lighting repair services. Quotes will be evaluated to determine the extent to which the offeror demonstrates their clear understanding of these requirements. Factor 2 – Past Performance The past performance evaluation will assess the relative risks associated with an offeror’s likelihood of success in fulfilling the solicitation’s requirements as indicated by the offeror’s record of past performance. In this context, “offeror” refers to the prime contractor. The Government will conduct a performance risk assessment based on the relevancy and recentness of the offeror’s past performance as it relates to the probability of successful accomplishment of the required services. Present and past performance shall be evaluated as a measure of the Government’s confidence in the offeror’s ability to successfully perform based on previous and current contract efforts. Past performance will be determined to be relevant if the performance involves work that is the same or similar in nature, size, and complexity to the services being procured under the instant solicitation, and recent if performed withing the past five (5) years. Offerors are cautioned that the Government will review any and all of a combination of past performance information submitted by offeror as required per the solicitation and past performance data available in the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS) at https://piee.eb.mil. The Government reserves the right to obtain past performance information from any available source besides those specified and may contact customers other than those identified by the offeror when evaluating past performance. Since the Government may not necessarily interview all of the sources provided by the offeror, it is incumbent upon the offeror to explain the relevance of the data provided. Offerors are reminded that the burden of proving low performance risk rests upon the offeror. If an offeror has no record of relevant past performance or if past performance information is not available for such offeror, the offeror may not be evaluated favorable or unfavorable on past performance. These offerors will be assessed a “Neutral” rating for past performance relevancy and confidence. The offeror shall provide a minimum of two (2) references which shall be for recent work performed and shall be relevant to the complexity, size, and scope of the instant solicitation requirements. For references, offerors shall list: i. Name/address of organization contract was with and contract or project number/title ii. Period of performance of contract/project iii. Brief description of contract/project scope and dollar value iv. Point of contact information for reference (name/title/phone number/email address) Factor 3 – Price The Government will evaluate offers by adding the total of all line-item prices found within the solicitation’s Line-Item structure, including all options. The total evaluated price will be the sum of all contract line items found within the offeror’s quote. The price must be determined as fair and reasonable by the MN ANG Contracting Officer prior to award. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) 52.212-5 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS—COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES. (MAR 2026) (a) The Contractor shall comply with the following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses, which are incorporated in this contract by reference, to implement provisions of law or Executive orders ap-plicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: (1) 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or State-ments (Jan 2017) (section 743 of Division E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Ap-propriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235) and its successor provisions in subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions)). (2) 52.204-23, Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provid-ed by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities (Dec 2023) (Section 1634 of Pub. L. 115-91). (3) 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Ser-vices or Equipment. (Nov 2021) (Section 889(a)(1)(A) of Pub. L. 115-232). (4) 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Nov 2015). (5) 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) ( 31 U.S.C. 3903 and 10 U.S.C. 3801). (6) 52.233-3, Protest After Award (Aug 1996) (31 U.S.C. 3553). (7) 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) (Public Laws 108-77 and 108-78 ( 19 U.S.C. 3805 note)). (b) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (b) that the Contracting Of-ficer has indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: [Contracting Officer check as appropriate.] __ (1) 52.203-6, Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (Jun 2020), with Alternate I (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4704 and 10 U.S.C. 4655). __ (2) 52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 3509)). __ (3) 52.203-15, Whistleblower Protections under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Jun 2010) (Section 1553 of Pub. L. 111-5). (Applies to contracts funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.) __ (4) 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) ( 41 U.S.C. 4712); this clause does not apply to contracts of DoD, NASA, the Coast Guard, or applicable elements of the intelligence community—see FAR 3.900(a). __ (5) 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) (Pub. L. 109-282) ( 31 U.S.C. 6101 note). __ (6) [Reserved]. __ (7) 52.204-14, Service Contract Reporting Requirements (Oct 2016) (Pub. L. 111-117, section 743 of Div. C). __ (8) 52.204-15, Service Contract Reporting Requirements for Indefinite-Delivery Contracts (Oct 2016) (Pub. L. 111-117, section 743 of Div. C). __ (9) 52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328). __ (10) 52.204-28, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders—Federal Supply Schedules, Governmentwide Acquisition Contracts, and Multi-Agency Contracts. (Dec 2023) ( Pub. L. 115–390, title II). __ (11) (i) 52.204-30, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders—Prohibition. (Dec 2023) ( Pub. L. 115–390, title II). __ (ii) Alternate I (Dec 2023) of 52.204-30. __ (12) 52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors De-barred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (Jan 2025) ( 31 U.S.C. 6101 note). __ (13) 52.209-9, Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (Oct 2018) ( 41 U.S.C. 2313). __ (14) [Reserved]. __ (15) 52.219-3, Notice of HUBZone Set-Aside or Sole-Source Award (Oct 2022) ( 15 U.S.C. 657a). __ (16) 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (Oct 2022) (if the offeror elects to waive the preference, it shall so indicate in its offer) (15 U.S.C. 657a). __ (17) [Reserved] __ (18) (i) 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644). __ (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-6. __ (19) (i) 52.219-7, Notice of Partial Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644). __ (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-7. __ (20) 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Jan 2025)( 15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)). __ (21) (i) 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan (Jan 2025) ( 15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)). __ (ii) Alternate I (Nov 2016) of 52.219-9. __ (iii) Alternate II (Nov 2016) of 52.219-9. __ (iv) Alternate III (Jun 2020) of 52.219-9. __ (v) Alternate IV (Jan 2025) of 52.219-9. __ (22) (i) 52.219-13, Notice of Set-Aside of Orders (Mar 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644(r)). __ (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-13. __ (23) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 657s). __ (24) 52.219-16, Liquidated Damages—Subcontracting Plan (Sep 2021) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)(F)(i)). __ (25) 52.219-27, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) Concerns Eligible Under the SDVOSB Program (Feb 2024) (15 U.S.C. 657f). __ (26) (i) 52.219-28, Postaward Small Business Program Rerepresentation (Jan 2025) (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2)). __ (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-28. __ (27) 52.219-29, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Economically Disadvan-taged Women-Owned Small Business Concerns (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637(m)). __ (28) 52.219-30, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Women-Owned Small Business Concerns Eligible Under the Women-Owned Small Business Program (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637(m)). __ (29) 52.219-32, Orders Issued Directly Under Small Business Reserves (Mar 2020) ( 15 U.S.C. 644(r)). __ (30) 52.219-33, Nonmanufacturer Rule (Sep 2021) ( 15 U.S.C. 637(a)(17)). __ (31) 52.222-3, Convict Labor (Jun 2003) (E.O. 11755). __ (32) 52.222-19, Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Mar 2026)( E.O. 13126). __ (33) 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (Apr 2015). __ (34) (i) 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity (Sep 2016) (E.O. 11246). __ (ii) Alternate I (Feb 1999) of 52.222-26. __ (35) (i) 52.222-5, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) ( 38 U.S.C. 4212). __ (ii) Alternate I (Jul 2014) of 52.222-35. __ (36) (i) 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) ( 29 U.S.C. 793). __ (ii) Alternate I (Jul 2014) of 52.222-36. __ (37) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) ( 38 U.S.C. 4212). __ (38) 52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (Dec 2010) (E.O. 13496). __ (39) (i) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Oct 2025) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). __ (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2015) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). __ (40) 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (Jan 2025) ( Executive Order 12989). (Not ap-plicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items or certain other types of commercial products or commercial services as prescribed in FAR 22.1803.) __ (41) (i) 52.223-9, Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA–Designated Items (May 2008) ( 42 U.S.C. 6962(c)(3)(A)(ii)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.) __ (ii) Alternate I (May 2008) of 52.223-9 (42 U.S.C. 6962(i)(2)(C)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.) __ (42) 52.223-11, Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocar-bons (May 2024) ( 42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). __ (43) 52.223-12, Maintenance, Service, Repair, or Disposal of Refrigeration Equipment and Air Con-ditioners (May 2024) ( 42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). __ (44) 52.223-20, Aerosols (May 2024) ( 42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). __ (45) 52.223-21, Foams (May 2024) ( 42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). __ (46) 52.223-23, Sustainable Products and Services (May 2024) ( E.O. 14057, 7 U.S.C. 8102, 42 U.S.C. 6962, 42 U.S.C. 8259b, and 42 U.S.C. 7671l). __ (47) (i) 52.224-3 Privacy Training (Jan 2017) ( 5 U.S.C. 552 a). __ (ii) Alternate I (Jan 2017) of 52.224-3. __ (48) (i) 52.225-1, Buy American-Supplies (Oct 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). __ (ii) Alternate I (Oct 2022) of 52.225-1. __ (49) (i) 52.225-3, Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act (NOV 2023) ( 19 U.S.C. 3301 note, 19 U.S.C. 2112 note, 19 U.S.C. 3805 note, 19 U.S.C. 4001 note, 19 U.S.C. chapter 29 (sections 4501-4732), Public Law 103-182, 108-77, 108-78, 108-286, 108-302, 109-53, 109-169, 109-283, 110-138, 112-41, 112-42, and 112-43. __ (ii) Alternate I [Reserved]. __ (iii) Alternate II (Jan 2025) of 52.225-3. __ (iv) Alternate III (Feb 2024) of 52.225-3. __ (v) Alternate IV (Oct 2022) of 52.225-3. __ (50) 52.225-5, Trade Agreements (NOV 2023) ( 19 U.S.C. 2501, et seq., 19 U.S.C. 3301 note). __ (51) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). __ (52) 52.225-26, Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States (Oct 2016) (Section 862, as amended, of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008; 10 U.S.C. Subtitle A, Part V, Subpart G Note). __ (53) 52.226-4, Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150). __ (54) 52.226-5, Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150). __ (55) 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driv-ing (May 2024) ( E.O. 13513). __ (56) 52.229-12, Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements (Feb 2021). __ (57) 52.232-29, Terms for Financing of Purchases of Commercial Products and Commercial Ser-vices (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4505, 10 U.S.C. 3805). __ (58) 52.232-30, Installment Payments for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4505, 10 U.S.C. 3805). __ (59) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Manage-ment (Oct2018) ( 31 U.S.C. 3332). __ (60) 52.232-34, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Other than System for Award Manage-ment (Jul 2013) (31 U.S.C. 3332). __ (61) 52.232-36, Payment by Third Party (May 2014) (31 U.S.C. 3332). __ (62) 52.239-1, Privacy or Security Safeguards (Aug 1996) ( 5 U.S.C. 552a). __ (63) 52.240-1, Prohibition on Unmanned Aircraft Systems Manufactured or Assembled by Ameri-can Security Drone Act-Covered Foreign Entities (Nov 2024) (Sections 1821-1826, Pub. L. 118-31, 41 U.S.C. 3901 note prec.). __ (64) 52.242-5, Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Jan 2017) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(13)). __ (65) (i) 52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (Nov 2021) ( 46 U.S.C. 55305 and 10 U.S.C. 2631). __ (ii) Alternate I (Apr 2003) of 52.247-64. __ (iii) Alternate II (Nov 2021) of 52.247-64. (c) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (c), applicable to commercial ser-vices, that the Contracting Officer has indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial prod-ucts and commercial services: __ (1) 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) (41 U.S.C. chapter67). __ (2) 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). __ (3) 52.222-43, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (Aug 2018) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). __ (4) 52.222-44, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (May 2014) ( 29U.S.C.206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). __ (5) 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). __ (6) 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). __ (7) 52.222-55, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 (Jan 2022). __ (8) 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2022) (E.O. 13706). __ (9) 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations (Jun 2020) (42 U.S.C. 1792). __ (10) 52.247-69, Reporting Requirement for U.S.-Flag Air Carriers Regarding Training to Prevent Human Trafficking (Jan 2025) ( 49 U.S.C. 40118(g)). (d) Comptroller General Examination of Record. The Contractor shall comply with the provisions of this paragraph (d) if this contract was awarded using other than sealed bid, is in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold, as defined in FAR 2.101, on the date of award of this contract, and does not con-tain the clause at 52.215-2, Audit and Records-Negotiation. (1) The Comptroller General of the United States, or an authorized representative of the Comptroller General, shall have access to and right to examine any of the Contractor’s directly pertinent records involving transactions related to this contract. (2) The Contractor shall make available at its offices at all reasonable times the records, materials, and other evidence for examination, audit, or reproduction, until 3 years after final payment under this contract or for any shorter period specified in FAR subpart 4.7, Contractor Records Retention, of the other clauses of this contract. If this contract is completely or partially terminated, the records relating to the work terminated shall be made available for 3 years after any resulting final termination settle-ment. Records relating to appeals under the disputes clause or to litigation or the settlement of claims arising under or relating to this contract shall be made available until such appeals, litigation, or claims are finally resolved. (3) As used in this clause, records include books, documents, accounting procedures and practices, and other data, regardless of type and regardless of form. This does not require the Contractor to create or maintain any record that the Contractor does not maintain in the ordinary course of business or pursu-ant to a provision of law. (e) (1) Notwithstanding the requirements of the clauses in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d) of this clause, the Contractor is n...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Rebecca Dimler
  - Email: rebecca.dimler@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2187887242
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Joshua M. Fish
  - Email: joshua.fish.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2187887405

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fbd0260e4d3f489b80c049c02bc0bbea/view)