---
layout: default
title: Shower Trailer Rental
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 4ec8949d1b074aefae0fd5f58f529676
---

# Shower Trailer Rental

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-07 09:58:44.621-04
- Solicitation Number: FY26-0012416510

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with format in FAR subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number/FY26-0012416510 is hereby issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). The Incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 Dated 13 March 2026 and the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) change notice 20251024. It is the contractor’s responsibility to become familiar with applicable clauses and provisions. This acquisition is 100% Small Business under North American Industry Classification Standards (NAICS) code 532120 This RFQ is for a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract. The Government intends to award a contract to a qualified vendor deemed responsive in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 12, whose quote conforms to all of the RFQ's requirements and is judged to represent the Best Value to the Government in accordance with the evaluation scheme set forth in this RFQ. Evaluation will be based upon best value to the Government, and delivery of requirements will be FOB destination. This office will consider any late quotes or any late revisions of quotes as non-responsive. ln no event shall any understanding or agreement between the Contractor and any Government employee other than the Contracting Officer on any contract, modification, change order, letter or verbal direction to the contractor be effective or binding upon the Government. All such actions must be formalized by a proper contractual document executed by an appointed Contracting Officer. The Contractor is hereby notified that in the event a Government employee other than the Contracting Officer directs a change in the work to be performed or increases the scope of the work to be performed, it is the Contractor's responsibility to make inquiry of the Contracting Officer before making the deviation from the written terms of the contract. Payments or Partial payments will not be made without being authorized by an appointed Contracting Officer with the legal authority to bind the Government. Government POC: Government POC will be provided at time of award. Any changes must be coordinated through the government POC and approved in writing by the Contracting Officer. The date, time and request for quote offers are due by 7 APRIL 2026 at 12:00 P.M. Eastern time on to Fredesvin.quintana.civ@army.mil. Electronic offers preferred. All questions must be submitted by email no later than 24 hours prior to bid close date. NO QUESTIONS BY TELEPHONE. ALL QUESTIONS MUST BE IN WRITING (EMAIL). SHOWER TRAILER RENTAL CLIN 1: SHOWER TRAILER RENTAL Shower trailer rental 15-26 June 2026 Joint Base Lewis McChord WA 98433 PER ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK 1 ea ____________total cost Extended Description Please see Statement of Work for details and requirements. NOTE: VENDOR MUST PROVIDE CAGE CODE AND SAM UEI IN QUOTE PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES Clauses may be accessed electronically in full text through http://www.acquisition.gov. Contractors must be actively registered with SAM at http://www.sam.gov, at Wide Area Work Flow (WAWF) at http://piee.eb.mil. FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management Registration FAR 52.204-9, Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel FAR 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards FAR 52.204-16, Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance FAR 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. FAR 52.211-6, Brand Name or Equal (IF APPLICABLE) FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Items Evaluation. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the government, price, technically acceptability and delivery time of all items “all or none” is the evaluation criteria. This is a best value decision. FAR 52.212-3 ALT I, Offerors Representation and Certifications Commercial Item or complete electronic annual representations and certifications at http//orca.bpn.gov FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Condition-Commercial Items FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Item are incorporated by reference, however, for paragraphs (b) and (c) the following clauses apply FAR 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside FAR 52.219-28, Post Award Small Business Representation FAR 52.222-3, Convict Labor FAR 52.222-19, Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies FAR 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons FAR 52.223-5, Pollution Prevention and Right to Know Information FAR 52.223-18, Encouraging Contractor Policy to Ban Text Messaging While Driving FAR 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer--Central Contractor Registration FAR 52.232-39, Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations FAR 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors FAR 52.233-3, Protest after Award FAR 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim FAR 52.237-1, Site Visit FAR 52.237-2, Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment and Vegetation FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference – SEE http://www.acquisition.gov DFARS 252.201-7000, Contracting Officer’s Representative DFARS 252.203-7000, Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DOD Officials DFARS 252.203-7005, Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DOD Officials DFARS 252.203-7998, Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements DFARS 252.204-7008, Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls. DFARS 252.204-7012, Safeguarding of Unclassified Controlled Technical Information DFARS 252.204-7015, Disclosure of Information to Litigation Support Contractors DFARS 252.207-7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting. DFARS 252.209-7992, Representation by Corporations Regarding an Unpaid Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under Any Federal Law DFARS 252.211-7003 Item Unique Identification and Valuation. DFARS 252.212-7000, Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Items DFARS 252.212-7001, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Applicable to Defense Acquisitions of Commercial Items DFARS 252.223-7006, Prohibition on Storage and Disposal of Toxic and Hazardous Materials DFARS 252.225-7000, Buy American Act—Balance of Payments Program Certificate DFARS 252.225-7001, Buy American Act and Balance of Payments Program DFARS 252.225–7055, Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (WAWF instructions provided at time of award) DFARS 252.232-7010, Levies on Contract Payments DFARS 252.237-7010, Prohibition on Interrogation of Detainees by Contractor Personnel DFARS 252.244-7000, Subcontracts for Commercial Items DFARS 252.247-7023 ALT III, Transportation of Supplies by Sea—Alt III Submission of Invoices In accordance with FAR clause 52.212-4(g) the contractor shall submit all invoices electronically utilizing Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). Procedures for using WAWF are found in DFARS clause 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Fredesvin Quintana
  - Email: fredesvin.quintana.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 2535128885

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4ec8949d1b074aefae0fd5f58f529676/view)