# FBOFeed20191020

<PRESOL>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command, MICC
<LOCATION>MICC - Fort Bragg 
<ZIP>28310-0500
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>562991
<OFFADD>2175 Reilly Road
Stop A Fort Bragg NC 28310-0500
<SUBJECT>(Draft Solicitation) Grease Traps
<SOLNBR>W91247-20-R-0001
<RESPDATE>112219
<CONTACT>Dewayne A. Grant, CONTRACT SPECIALIST, Phone 9109074749, Email DEWAYNE.A.GRANT.CIV@MAIL.MIL - Anna Walker, Mrs., Phone (910) 908-4602, Email anna.m.walker.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>Draft Soliciation for Grease Traps
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/fc503606146996d6f56d80f69feed0a1
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>28310
<POPADDRESS>
Fort Brag, NC
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>US Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>USACE District, Norfolk
<ZIP>23510-1096
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>237310
<OFFADD>803 Front Street Norfolk VA 23510-1096
<SUBJECT>Improve H Roads
<SOLNBR>W9123620B0005
<RESPDATE>120319
<ARCHDATE>02202020
<CONTACT>Allen S Brainerd, Contracting Specialist, Phone 7572017668, Email allen.s.brainerd@usace.army.mil
<DESC>Description:<br />This pre-solicitation is being advertised as a Construction, Firmed-Fixed Price Contract using FAR Part 14 Sealed Bidding. This will be a Competitive UNRESTRICTED procurement. The USACE Norfolk District, 803 Front Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 intends to award a single firm-fixed-price contract.
<p>The project is located on H. road at DLA / DSCR, Chesterfield County, Richmond, Virginia.</p>
<p>This effort will require the services of a construction firm capable of providing repairs to H Road to accommodate traffic for the new Operations Center, Phase I and create a continuous flow from the new East Gate Access Control Point (ACP). The repairs will consist of excavating and removing the current 2-lane H Road to provide room for a wider 3-lane road. The intersections at 4th Street and G Road will be reconfigured. Work will include grading, roadway, curb, concrete apron, sidewalks, alkyd based thermoplastic pavement markings, landscaping,<br />and signs. A pull-off area with installation directory will be provided at the beginning of H Road in the vicinity of the new Access Control Point. A security arm will be installed to provide restricted access to the gravel entrance east of H Road used to service electrical transformers. The project will provide pole-mounted LED roadway lighting along H Road. Existing above ground electrical distribution lines will be replaced with direct buried conduit lines.<br />The existing load center at the intersection of H and G Roads will be relocated and will include a pad mounted transformer and pad. Stormwater management will be provided through best management practices (BMPs) in<br />accordance with Virginia Stormwater Management Program (VSMP) Regulations. Low Impact Development (LID) will be included in the design and construction of this project to comply with UFC 3-210-10.</p>
<p>The anticipated period of performance is 270 calendar days.</p>
<p>The project anticipates the need for a laydown area for the project, will be located on the west side of the base, approximately 1.0 mile away. Work will be conducted during regular working hours (7:00am to 4:30pm). No<br />Holiday work is anticipated.</p>
<p><br />The contractor shall provide all necessary planning, programming, administration, management and oversight,<br /><br />labor, materials, and equipment necessary to execute all facets of work for construction and related services. The work shall be conducted by the Contractor in accordance with the contract terms and conditions and all applicable Federal, State, local laws, regulations, codes and directives. The Contractor shall ensure that all work provided meets the critical reliability rates or tolerances to be specified in the statement of work. The Contractor shall provide deliverables to be specified in the construction contract.</p>
<p>The magnitude of construction for this effort is estimated between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000. The applicable NAICS code is 237310, Highway, Street, and Bridge Construction with a Small Business Standard of $36.5M.</p>
<p>Contractors will be required to submit bonding documents prior to award.</p>
<p>The Government intends to award a single contract to the responsible offeror whose proposal conforms to the solicitation, is determined fair and reasonable, and offers the best overall value to the Government as determined through an invitation for bid (IFB) process in accordance with FAR Part 9.1 procedures, Responsible Prospective Contractors.</p>
<p>The solicitation and accompanying documents will be issued electronically and will be uploaded to the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website (https://www.fbo.gov) on or about Nov 4, 2019. The solicitation will be available in electronic format only. Telephone calls or written requests for the solicitation package will NOT be accepted. Prospective Offerors are responsible for monitoring FBO to respond to the solicitation and any amendments or other information regarding this acquisition.</p>
<p>Prospective Offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) in order to be eligible for award. Offerors and contractors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements by calling 1-866-606-8220 or via the Internet at https://www.sam.gov. Representations and Certifications Applications apply to this solicitation. Representations and Certifications may be completed online via the SAM.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA65/W9123620B0005/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Facilities Engineering Command
<LOCATION>NAVFAC FAR EAST, FEAD ATSUGI
<ZIP>96306-0001
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>811310
<OFFADD>
<SUBJECT>N40084 FIRE PROTECTION SYSTEMS, IDS,CCTV AND VARIOUS ELECTRICAL AND COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS FOR THE U.S. NAVAL AIR FACILITY ATSUGI, JAPAN AND COMBINED ARMS TRAINING CENTER, CAMP FUJI, JAPAN
<SOLNBR>N4008420R8701
<RESPDATE>103019
<CONTACT>Miki Masuda, Contract Speciaslit, Phone 3152642545, Email miki.masuda.ja@fe.navy.mil - Midori Otomo, Purchasing & Contract Specialist, Phone 3152643144, Email midori.otomo.ja@fe.navy.mil
<DESC>FIRE PROTECTION SYSTEMS, INTRUSION DETECTION SYSTEMS, CLOSED CIRCUIT TELEVISION SYSTEMS AND VARIOUS ELECTRICAL AND COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS FOR THE U.S. NAVAL AIR FACILITY ATSUGI, JAPAN AND COMBINED ARMS TRAINING CENTER, CAMP FUJI, JAPAN<br />
<p><br />***THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY***</p>
<p>This is a Sources Sought announcement for THE PURPOSES OF MARKET RESEARCH ONLY in support of "FIRE PROTECTION SYSTEMS, INTRUSION DETECTION SYSTEMS, CLOSED CIRCUIT TELEVISION SYSTEMS AND VARIOUS ELECTRICAL AND COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS FOR THE U.S. NAVAL AIR FACILITY ATSUGI, JAPAN AND COMBINED ARMS TRAINING CENTER, CAMP FUJI, JAPAN". The information received will be utilized within the Navy to facilitate the decision making processes and will not be disclosed outside of the agency. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this notice or any follow-up information requests. This notice does NOT constitute a request for proposal, request for quote, or invitation for bid and is not construed as a commitment by the Government for any purpose other than market research.</p>
<p>Naval Facilities Engineering Command Far East (NAVFAC FE), PWD Atsugi is seeking information on eligible business firms capable of providing the maintenance services for Fire Protection Systems, Intrusion Detection Systems, Closed Circuit Television Systems, and various Electrical and Communications Systems.</p>
<p><br />GENERAL INFORMATION<br />Per Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract.</p>
<p>The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 811310; Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance. The contract term will be a base year period and four one-year option periods. The Government will not synopsize the options when exercised. This contract will replace a contract for similar services awarded in 2015; N40084-15-D-8701. The solicitation will utilize source selection procedures which require offerors to submit a technical proposal, past performance and experience information and price proposal for evaluation by the Government.</p>
<p><br />&bull; DESCRIPTION OF WORK<br />The Contractor shall provide all labor, management, supervision, tools, material, and equipment required to perform Facility Investment services for facilities, ground structures, personal property equipment and installed equipment and systems at U.S. Naval Air Facility, Atsugi, Japan, and Combined Arms Training Center (CATC) Camp Fuji, Japan. <br />The Contractor shall perform maintenance, repair, alteration, demolition and minor construction for the following:<br />Building and Structures<br />-Cathodic Protection Systems<br />Building Systems<br />-Fire Protection<br />-Intrusion Detection Systems<br />-Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) Systems<br />-Electrical, Communication<br />-Cathodic Protection Systems</p>
<p>&bull; CONTRACTOR LICENSE REQUIREMENT<br />Any contract resulting from this solicitation will be awarded and performed in its entirety in the country of Japan. Contractors must be duly authorized to operate and conduct business in Japan and must fully comply with all laws, decrees, labor standards, and regulations of Japan during the performance of the contract. Contractors must be registered to do business and possess an appropriate license issued by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport or prefectural government in order to perform work under this contract.</p>
<p>&bull; STATUS OF FORCES AGREEMENT (SOFA)<br />The U.S. Government shall not offer "United States Official Contractor" status under Article XIV of the U.S.-Japan Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA) under this solicitation. Furthermore, unless specifically provided in the specific task order request for proposal, the U.S. Government shall not certify any employees of a contractor as "Members of the Civilian Component" under Article I(b) of the SOFA.</p>
<p>&bull; SUBMITTAL REQUIREMENTS<br />Interested firms should submit information as to the capabilities, capacity and experience to perform the tasks set forth above. The Statement of Capability (SOC) will determine the feasibility and/or basis for the Navy's decision to proceed with acquisition.</p>
<p>Interested firms must submit an SOC, which describes, in detail, the firm's capability of providing these services at various Military and other Federal facilities worldwide. Your SOC shall include the following: (1) full name and address of the firm; (2) year firm was established; (3) name of two principals (including titles, telephone and fax numbers (4) indicate if the firm is registered in the Department of Defense (DOD) Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database, include DUNS Number and CAGE Code; and (5) provide information on recent past projects that best illustrate your qualifications for this contract.</p>
<p>List up to five projects performed within the last five years. Provide information regarding experience in providing maintenance services as described in the DRAFT PWS. Provide the following information for each project listed: a) Contract number and project title; b) Name of contracting activity; c) Administrative Contracting Officer's name, current telephone number; d) Contracting Officer's Technical Representative or primary point of contact name and current telephone number; e) Contract type (e.g., cost plus, requirements, firm fixed-price, indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity, or combination); f) Period of performance (start and completion date); g) Basic contract award amount and final contract value; h) Summary of contract work; i) If award fee or award term incentivized, average performance rating received.</p>
<p>Interested sources do not need to meet Joint-Venture requirements at this point since this Sources Sought Notice is solely for market research purposes and not a Request for Proposal (RFP).</p>
<p>Respondents will not be notified of the results of the Navy's market research. NAVFAC FE will utilize the information for acquisition planning purposes. All data received in response to this Source Sought Notice marked or designated, as corporate or proprietary information will be fully protected from release outside the Government.</p>
<p>Please electronically submit information to Ms. Midori Otomo via email at Midori.Otomo.JA@fe.navy.mil and Ms. Miki Masuda via email at Miki.Masuda.JA@fe.navy.mil by 31 October 2019 15:00 (Japan Standard Time) using the subject line "Sources Sought N4008420R8701 FIRE/IDS/CCTV".</p>
<p>Responses received after the deadline or without the required information will not be considered. Since this is a Sources Sought announcement only, evaluation letters will not be issued to any respondent.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DON/NAVFAC/N40084F/N4008420R8701/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>JP
<POPADDRESS>NAVAL AIR FACILITY ATSUGI JAPAN & COMBINED ARMS TRAINING CENTER CAMP FUJI JAPAN
AYASE, 1
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>0522
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>US Army Corps of Engineers
<LOCATION>USACE District, Far East
<ZIP>96271-5546
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>561612
<OFFADD>
<SUBJECT>Cleared American Maintenance Services for Operational Facilities in Korea
<SOLNBR>W912UM19S0523
<RESPDATE>060619
<CONTACT>Steven J Griffiths, GS-12, Phone 3157216106, Email steven.griffiths@usace.army.mil
<DESC>SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS<br />FOR
<p>Cleared American Maintenance Services for Operational Facilities in Korea <br />Sources Sought Synopsis Number: W912UM19S0523<br />Notice Type: Sources Sought<br />1. NOTICE: This is not a solicitation but rather a Sources Sought Synopsis (SSS) to determine potential sources for information and planning purposes only.<br />1.1. The purpose of this SSS is to conduct market research to determine if responsible sources exist. The requirement is for cleared American maintenance services for operational facilities in Korea, to include, but not limited to, classified spaces that require compliance with ICD 705, collateral areas, and contingency systems. <br />The Government will use this information to determine the best acquisition strategy for this procurement. <br />1.2. The following information is provided to assist the USACE FED in conducting Market Research of Industry to identify potential contractors who have the skills, experience and knowledge required to successfully complete this task for USACE FED, ROK. This is not a Request for Proposal or Invitation for Bid.<br />2. SCOPE:<br />2.1. The USACE FED, is issuing this service sources sought announcement as part of a market research survey to determine if additional sources exist that can provide cleared American maintenance services for operational facilities in Korea, to include preventative maintenance, repair, facility management, and facility control system operation. Facilities and maintenance requirements include classified spaces that require compliance with ICD 705, collateral areas, and contingency systems. <br />2.2. Description: Cleared American maintenance services for operational facilities in Korea. The maintenance services required include regular preventative maintenance, repair, facility management, and operation of control systems and other facility systems required for full facility capability. Maintenance requirements range from standard C2 facilities, classified spaces that require ICD 705 compliance and collateral areas to operational systems such as Collective Protection Systems (CPS), Diesel Rotatory UPS (DRUPS), geothermal wells, and blast valves.<br />3. DISCLAIMER:</p>
<p>3.1. This SSS is issued solely for informational and planning purposes. It does not constitute a solicitation (Request for Proposal or Request for Quotation) or a promise to issue a solicitation in the future. As stipulated in FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not considered offers, shall not be used as a proposal, and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. This SSS does not commit the Government to contract for any service whatsoever. Furthermore, we are not seeking proposals at this time. Responders are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this SSS. All costs associated with responding to this SSS will be solely at the responding party's expense.<br />3.2. Any resulting procurement action will be the subject of a separate, future announcement. The information is provided for discussion purposes and any potential strategy for this acquisition may change prior to any solicitation release.<br />3.3. The information received will be utilized by USACE FED in developing its acquisition strategy, Statement of Objectives, Statement of Work, Purchase Description and Specification. Any proprietary information that is submitted may be used as a general concept but specific information will be safeguarded as proprietary if marked and clearly identified in accordance with the applicable Government regulations. The Government requests that non-proprietary information be submitted in response to this Sources Sought. However, should proprietary information be submitted, it should be marked "PROPRIETARY" and will be handled accordingly. The Government shall not be liable for or suffer any consequential damages for any proprietary information not properly identified. Proprietary information will be safeguarded in accordance with the applicable Government regulations. All proprietary information and trade <br />secrets should be clearly identified.</p>
<p>3.4. The information in this notice is based on current information available to date. This information is subject to change and is not binding to the Government. Updated information will be provided in future announcements, if applicable and posted electronically on the Federal Business Opportunities website, www.fbo.gov. Responses to this SSS may or may not be returned. Not responding to this Sources Sought does not preclude participation in any future solicitation.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USA/COE/DACA81/W912UM19S0523/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</SRCSGT>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>61
<NAICS>335311
<OFFADD>335311
<SUBJECT>61--WIRING HARNESS
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620Q0195
<RESPDATE>102819
<ARCHDATE>11272019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6150016717654 WIRING HARNESS:
Line 0001 Qty 10.00  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0410 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0170 DAYS ADOAll responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes may be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620Q0195/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>335931
<OFFADD>335931
<SUBJECT>59--TERMINAL BOARD
<SOLNBR>SPE4A120T0172
<RESPDATE>122019
<ARCHDATE>01192020
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5940015921225 TERMINAL BOARD:
Line 0001 Qty 13.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION SAN DIEGO By: 0378 DAYS ADOApproved source is 99167 768841.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A120T0172/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334413
<OFFADD>334413
<SUBJECT>59--ELECTRONIC MODULE,S
<SOLNBR>SPE4A520T1771
<RESPDATE>102819
<ARCHDATE>11272019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5963015433619 ELECTRONIC MODULE,S:
Line 0001 Qty 57.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION ALBANY By: 0029 DAYS ADOApproved source is 05BU0 421884.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A520T1771/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>333611
<OFFADD>333611
<SUBJECT>28--SHROUD,STAGE 4
<SOLNBR>SPE4A520T1800
<RESPDATE>103119
<ARCHDATE>11302019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2835010931867 SHROUD,STAGE 4:
Line 0001 Qty 71.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION SAN DIEGO By: 0166 DAYS ADOApproved source is 07482 9663M69G18.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A520T1800/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>62
<NAICS>336320
<OFFADD>336320
<SUBJECT>62--LIGHT,NAVIGATIONAL,
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T2875
<RESPDATE>102819
<ARCHDATE>11272019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6220012598316 LIGHT,NAVIGATIONAL,:
Line 0001 Qty 12.00  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0212 DAYS ADOApproved source is 27520 1319-504.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T2875/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>61
<NAICS>334419
<OFFADD>334419
<SUBJECT>61--WIRING HARNESS
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T2989
<RESPDATE>103119
<ARCHDATE>11302019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6150014396041 WIRING HARNESS:
Line 0001 Qty 11.00  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DIST SAN JOAQUIN By: 0164 DAYS ADOApproved source is 1JN41 6899801-HS-2.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T2989/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>49
<NAICS>334514
<OFFADD>334514
<SUBJECT>49--CHECK FILL UNIT
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T3036
<RESPDATE>102819
<ARCHDATE>11272019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4920012093076 CHECK FILL UNIT:
Line 0001 Qty 6.000  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0231 DAYS ADOApproved source is 20722 ECF40001.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T3036/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334419
<OFFADD>334419
<SUBJECT>59--CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T3046
<RESPDATE>102819
<ARCHDATE>11272019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5995016064621 CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC:
Line 0001 Qty 90.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION RED RIVER By: 0100 DAYS ADOApproved sources are 0J198 176643-1; 1RWE7 176643-1; 55944 176643-1; 5TWH2 176643-1.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T3046/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>15--FITTING,STRUCTURAL
<SOLNBR>SPE4A720T1121
<RESPDATE>110519
<ARCHDATE>12052019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560015308286 FITTING,STRUCTURAL:
Line 0001 Qty 14.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION SAN DIEGO By: 0908 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION SAN DIEGO By: 0355 DAYS ADOLine 0003 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION SAN DIEGO By: 0883 DAYS ADOAll responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A720T1121/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>336412
<SUBJECT>28--DISK,COMPRESSOR,AIR
<SOLNBR>SPE4A120T0158
<RESPDATE>103119
<ARCHDATE>11302019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2840001645586 DISK,COMPRESSOR,AIR:
Line 0001 Qty 4.000  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0166 DAYS ADOApproved source is 63005 23072258.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A120T0158/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>335312
<OFFADD>335312
<SUBJECT>59--RESOLVER,ELECTRICAL
<SOLNBR>SPE4A520T1702
<RESPDATE>103119
<ARCHDATE>11302019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5990014810164 RESOLVER,ELECTRICAL:
Line 0001 Qty 5.000  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION SAN DIEGO By: 0370 DAYS ADOApproved source is 81873 84002166-102.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A520T1702/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>15--SUPPORT,STRUCTURAL
<SOLNBR>SPE4A520T1776
<RESPDATE>103119
<ARCHDATE>11302019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560013543267 SUPPORT,STRUCTURAL:
Line 0001 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION DEPOT OKLAHOMA By: 0269 DAYS ADOApproved source is 81205 65-1140-36.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A520T1776/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>15--DOOR,AIRCRAFT
<SOLNBR>SPE4A520T1803
<RESPDATE>103119
<ARCHDATE>11302019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560015505322 DOOR,AIRCRAFT:
Line 0001 Qty 2.000  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DIST CORPUS CHRISTI TX  EWM By: 0708 DAYS ADOApproved sources are 77272 414S6002-6; 77272 414S6002-8.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A520T1803/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334419
<OFFADD>334419
<SUBJECT>59--STA-STA PHONE LINE
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T2988
<RESPDATE>103119
<ARCHDATE>11302019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5995013948641 STA-STA PHONE LINE:
Line 0001 Qty 76.00  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0166 DAYS ADOThe solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T2988/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>HUBZone
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>58
<NAICS>334511
<OFFADD>334511
<SUBJECT>58--HOUSING,NOSE
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T3034
<RESPDATE>102819
<ARCHDATE>11272019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5845013186706 HOUSING,NOSE:
Line 0001 Qty 6.000  UI EA  Deliver To: HELLENIC NAVY SUPPLY CENTER By: 0020 DAYS ADOApproved source is 60225 3322411.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T3034/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>40
<NAICS>332618
<OFFADD>332618
<SUBJECT>40--CHAIN ASSEMBLY,SING
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T3042
<RESPDATE>102819
<ARCHDATE>11272019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4010015892553 CHAIN ASSEMBLY,SING:
Line 0001 Qty 48.00  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DIST SAN JOAQUIN By: 0270 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 122.0  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DIST SAN JOAQUIN By: 0270 DAYS ADOLine 0003 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DIST SAN JOAQUIN By: 0090 DAYS ADOAll responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T3042/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>15--SKIN,AIRCRAFT
<SOLNBR>SPE4A720T1156
<RESPDATE>110519
<ARCHDATE>12052019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560016772373 SKIN,AIRCRAFT:
Line 0001 Qty 44.00  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0160 DAYS ADOThe solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A720T1156/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>53
<NAICS>332722
<OFFADD>332722
<SUBJECT>53--BOLT,SHOULDER
<SOLNBR>SPE4A520T1708
<RESPDATE>103119
<ARCHDATE>11302019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5306007098285 BOLT,SHOULDER:
Line 0001 Qty 18.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION JACKSONVILLE By: 0166 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 82.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION JACKSONVILLE By: 0166 DAYS ADOApproved source is 79U29 2-20002-1.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A520T1708/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>53
<NAICS>332510
<OFFADD>332510
<SUBJECT>53--PLATE,RETAINING,SEA
<SOLNBR>SPE4A520T1793
<RESPDATE>122019
<ARCHDATE>01192020
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5340015421982 PLATE,RETAINING,SEA:
Line 0001 Qty 24.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION CHERRY POINT By: 0241 DAYS ADOApproved source is 55820 4500728.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A520T1793/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>31
<NAICS>332991
<OFFADD>332991
<SUBJECT>31--BUSHING,SLEEVE
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T2896
<RESPDATE>102819
<ARCHDATE>11272019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3120000062179 BUSHING,SLEEVE:
Line 0001 Qty 28.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION SAN DIEGO By: 0169 DAYS ADOApproved source is 45934 2578193.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T2896/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>61
<NAICS>334419
<OFFADD>334419
<SUBJECT>61--WIRING HARNESS
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T2984
<RESPDATE>103119
<ARCHDATE>11302019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6150014396040 WIRING HARNESS:
Line 0001 Qty 4.000  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DIST SAN JOAQUIN By: 0263 DAYS ADOApproved source is 1JN41 252-6899801-HS-1.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T2984/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>58
<NAICS>334511
<OFFADD>334511
<SUBJECT>58--COVER,ELECTRONIC CO
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T3064
<RESPDATE>102819
<ARCHDATE>11272019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5895016177763 COVER,ELECTRONIC CO:
Line 0001 Qty 43.00  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0161 DAYS ADOApproved sources are 072E5 832HN1350-1; 40828 11168-417.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T3064/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>15--STRUT ASSY,RACK
<SOLNBR>SPE4A720T1106
<RESPDATE>110519
<ARCHDATE>12052019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560011728060 STRUT ASSY,RACK:
Line 0001 Qty 59.00  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0153 DAYS ADOThis is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved source is 84256 55033.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A720T1106/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>15--SUPPORT,STRUCTURAL
<SOLNBR>SPE4A720T1120
<RESPDATE>110519
<ARCHDATE>12052019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560013089879 SUPPORT,STRUCTURAL:
Line 0001 Qty 6.000  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION JACKSONVILLE By: 0041 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION JACKSONVILLE By: 0120 DAYS ADOAll responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A720T1120/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1020
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334519
<OFFADD>334519
<SUBJECT>66--TRANSMITTER,LIQUID
<SOLNBR>SPE4A520T1720
<RESPDATE>103119
<ARCHDATE>11302019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6680010125717 TRANSMITTER,LIQUID:
Line 0001 Qty 18.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION DEPOT HILL By: 0166 DAYS ADOThis is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved source is 26055 015-015-002.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this no