# FBOFeed20191017

<PRESOL>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Education and Training Command
<LOCATION>Goodfellow AFB, Contracting Squadron
<ZIP>76908-4705
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>236220
<OFFADD>210 Scherz Blvd
Bldg 707 Goodfellow AFB TX 76908-4705
<SUBJECT>Simplified Acquisition Base Engineering Requirements (SABER)
<SOLNBR>FA303020R0001
<RESPDATE>120219
<CONTACT>DeAngel Casarez, Contract Administrator, Phone 3256544553, Email deangel.casarez@us.af.mil - John M. Hebdon, Contracting Officer, Phone 325-654-5174, Email john.hebdon.1@us.af.mil
<DESC><p>General Information:</p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 22.5pt">Solicitation No. FA3030-20-R-0001</p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 22.5pt">Classification Code: Z - Maintenance, repair, and alteration of real property</p>
<p>Subject:</p>
<p>This synopsis is to establish a new Simplified Acquisition of Base Engineering Requirements (SABER) Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract at Goodfellow AFB, TX located near San Angelo, TX.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The contractor shall furnish all plant, labor, equipment, materials, transportation, services, and incidentals necessary to perform all work involved in said contract. Work will consist of a broad range of maintenance, alterations, repair and minor construction work on real property at Goodfellow AFB and the Goodfellow AFB Recreation Camp.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Individual, firm-fixed price task orders will be issued on an as needed basis using the unit price book (Facilities Construction Cost with RSMeans data by Gordian).The contractor shall perform functions specified in the contract task orders for the unit price sum specified in the unit price book multiplied by the appropriate coefficient.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>This solicitation is set-aside for certified 8(a) business concerns located in the state of Texas.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The NAICS Code for this solicitation is 236220.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The cost estimating software, utilizing RSMeans Facilities Construction Cost Data, will be e4Clicks Project Estimator.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>A single award will be made as a result of this solicitation.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>This acquisition is for the basic period plus four, one year, option periods.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The basic period will begin at the time of award and continue for 364 days after award.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The guaranteed minimum is $300,000 for the life of the contract, which will be met by an initial task order issued upon award of this contract (seed project).<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The contract maximum is $10,000,000 for the life of the contract.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The magnitude of this project, in accordance with FAR 36.204(g) is between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The Request for Proposal is expected to be issued on or around 1 November 2019 with an anticipated closing date of 2 December 2019.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>All responsible 8(a) concerns within the state of Texas may submit a proposal which will be considered by the agency.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Interested parties should register online as interested parties and subscribe to receive procurement announcements related to this solicitation by entering the website at <span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue"><a href="%20http:/www.fedbizopps.gov/.%20"><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>http://www.fedbizopps.gov/. </a></span></span><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>Any questions relating to this solicitation must be submitted in writing, via fax @ (325) 654-5149 or by e-mailing all of the following recipients: <span style="text-decoration: underline;"><a>john.hebdon.1@us.af.mil</a></span>, <a>deangel.casarez@us.af.mil</a><span style="COLOR: #1f497d">, </span><span style="COLOR: black"><a>dora.caniglia.1@us.af.mil</a>.</span></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AETC/GAFBCS/FA303020R0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Competitive 8(a)
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>76908
<POPADDRESS>
Goodfellow AFB, TX
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFLCMC/HIBK-WPAFB
<ZIP>45433
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541511
<OFFADD>4225 Logistics Avenue, S216 Wright-Patterson  OH 45433
<SUBJECT>Notice of Proposed Contract Action - Programmed Depot Maintenance Scheduling System (PDMSS)
<SOLNBR>FA8770-20-R-0509
<RESPDATE>110119
<CONTACT>Chase Chase, Contracting Officer, Phone 9379041043, Email chase.ralston@us.af.mil
<DESC><p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">See attachment.</span></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/ab206ff2be138fe7577f7322cba64b44
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ - Robins AFB
<ZIP>31098-1611
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>215 Page Rd Robins AFB GA 31098-1611
<SUBJECT>Air Refueling Pod Parts (Counter and Tunnel) 
<SOLNBR>FA8509-20-R-0002
<RESPDATE>110119
<CONTACT>Elijah Maurice , Contract Specialist , Phone 4789262478, Email Elijah.maurice@us.af.mil - Bryan Canady      , Contracting Officer , Phone 478-926-4430, Email bryan.canady@us.af.mil
<DESC><p>REQUEST FOR INFORMATION<br />-110 Clock and Cycle Counter Assembly Kits (P/N:149-4122-13, 406512-2), Nylon Extended Tunnel Assembly Kits (P/N:401051-3), &amp; Ring Tunnels (P/N:411676-1)</p>
<p>CAUTION:</p>
<p>The Government is conducting market research to identify potential sources that possess the expertise, capabilities, and experience to meet qualification requirements to manufacture the&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -110 Clock and Cycle Counter Assembly Kits, Nylon Extended Tunnel Assembly Kits, &amp; Ring Tunnels for use by United States Air Force (USAF) personnel.&nbsp; The level of security clearance and amount of foreign participation in this requirement has not been determined.&nbsp; The Acquisition Method Suffix Code (AMSC) is B: Must be bought from source(s) specified on a source control drawing.&nbsp; The Acquisition Method Code (AMC) is 4: Acquire for the first time from the actual manufacturer. The Government does not own or have access to the data for these items. The Government has determined that this system is not a commercial item. There are no samples available for potential suppliers to evaluate. The sole source requirement will be purchased from Sargent Fletcher Inc.<br />Contractors/Institutions responding to this market research are placed on notice that participation in this survey may not ensure participation in future solicitations or contract awards.&nbsp; The government will not reimburse participants for any expenses associated with their participation in this survey.<br />Request for Information or Solicitation for Planning Purposes (Oct 1997)</p>
<p>(a) The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this solicitation or to otherwise pay for the information solicited except as an allowable cost under other contracts as provided in subsection 31.205-18, Bid and proposal costs, of the Federal Acquisition Regulation.</p>
<p>(b) Although "proposal" and "offeror" are used in this Request for Information, your response will be treated as information only. It shall not be used as a proposal.</p>
<p>(c) This solicitation is issued for the purpose of market research in an attempt to overcome barriers to competition.</p>
<p><br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (End of Provision)</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><br />INSTRUCTIONS:</p>
<p>1.Below is a document containing a description of the -110 Clock and Cycle Counter Assembly Kits, Nylon Extended Tunnel Assembly Kits, &amp; Ring Tunnels requirement and a Contractor Capability Survey, which allows you to provide your company's capability.</p>
<p>2.If, after reviewing these documents, you desire to participate in the market research, you should provide documentation that supports your company's capability in meeting these requirements.&nbsp; Failure to provide documentation may result in the government being unable to adequately assess your capabilities.&nbsp; If you lack sufficient experience in a particular area, please provide details explaining how you would overcome the lack of experience/capabilities in order to perform that portion of the requirement (i.e., teaming, subcontracting, etc.)</p>
<p>a.Identify any areas of work that your organization believes should be broken out exclusively for Small Business.</p>
<p>3.Both large and small businesses are encouraged to participate in this Market Research.&nbsp; Joint ventures or teaming arrangements are encouraged.</p>
<p>4.Questions relative to this market survey should be addressed to:</p>
<p>Bryan Canady, email: bryan.canady@us.af.mil, phone: 478-926-4430.</p>
<p>&emsp;</p>
<p>-110 Clock and Cycle Counter Assembly Kits (P/N:149-4122-13, 406512-2), Nylon Extended Tunnel Assembly Kits (P/N:401051-3), &amp; Ring Tunnels (P/N:411676-1)</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>PURPOSE/DESCRIPTION</p>
<p>&nbsp;The Government is conducting market research to identify potential sources that possess the expertise, capabilities, and experience to meet qualification requirements for the production of <br />-110 Clock and Cycle Counter Assembly Kits, Nylon Extended Tunnel Assembly Kits, &amp; Ring Tunnels.</p>
<p><br />The&nbsp; -110 Clock and Cycle Counter Assembly Kits will include:<br />&nbsp;<br />NOUN&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <br />ID Plate <br />Clock and Cycle Counter Assembly&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>NSN&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br />TBD <br />6625-01-643-2776&nbsp;</p>
<p>P/N<br />149-4122-13&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <br />406512-2</p>
<p><br />The Nylon Extended Tunnel Assembly Kits will include:</p>
<p>NOUN&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;NSN&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; P/N<br />Extended Tunnel&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;1560-01-660-6257&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 401051-3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p>*Extended Tunnel Assembly Hardware to be included in kit.</p>
<p><br />The Ring Tunnels will include:</p>
<p>NOUN&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; NSN&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; P/N<br />Ring Tunnel&nbsp;&nbsp; 1680-01-660-6317&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 411676-1<br />&nbsp;</p>
<p>This requirement is for procurement. The period of performance for the contract is two years after award. The projected quantities will be Best Estimated Quantities (BEQ) of 88 -110 Clock and Cycle Counter Assembly Kits, 88 Nylon Extended Tunnel Assembly Kits, and 8 Ring Tunnels.</p>
<p>The Government's needs for procurement are required in order to provide the proper fleet support for Air Force Special Operations Command, and ultimately the Warfighter.</p>
<p>The -110 Clock and Cycle Counter Assembly Kits will track each hose reel cycle (full in and out). Each kit will be comprised of 1 ID Plate and 1 Clock and Cycle Counter Assembly. The Nylon Extended Tunnel Assembly Kits will provide a softer surface and reduce friction with the VSD rib coatings, resulting in easier extractions/retractions while extending the service life of the ribs. Each kit will be comprised of 1 Extended Tunnel and Extended Tunnel Assembly Hardware. The Ring Tunnel is a nylon insert that can be replaced once it is deemed to have reached a certain point of wear that could impact the integrity of the Extended Tunnel. This sacrificial piece aims to protect the rest of the Tunnel Assembly as the hose is extended in and out for multiple refueling efforts. A drawing package is not available.</p>
<p>&nbsp; <br />&emsp;<br />CONTRACTOR CAPABILITY SURVEY</p>
<p>-110 Clock and Cycle Counter Assembly Kits (P/N:149-4122-13, 406512-2), Nylon Extended Tunnel Assembly Kits (P/N:401051-3), &amp; Ring Tunnels (P/N:411676-1)</p>
<p>Part I.&nbsp; Business Information</p>
<p>Please provide the following business information for your company/institution and for any teaming or joint venture partners:</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<ul class="unIndentedList">
<li>Company/Institute Name:<br /><br />
<p>Address:</p>
<p>Point of Contact:</p>
<p>CAGE Code:</p>
<p>Phone Number:</p>
<p>E-mail Address:</p>
<p>Web Page URL:</p>
<p>Government Proposed North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code: 336413</p>
Based on the Government proposed NAICS Code, state whether your company is: <br />
<p>Small Business&nbsp; (Yes / No)</p>
<p>Woman Owned Small Business&nbsp; (Yes / No)</p>
<p>Small Disadvantaged Business&nbsp; (Yes / No)</p>
<p>8(a) Certified (Yes / No)</p>
<p>HUBZone Certified&nbsp; (Yes / No)</p>
<p>Veteran Owned Small Business&nbsp; (Yes / No)</p>
<p>Service Disabled Veteran Small Business&nbsp; (Yes / No)</p>
<p>System for Award Management (SAM)&nbsp; (Yes / No)</p>
A statement as to whether your company is domestically or foreign owned (if foreign, please indicate the country of ownership).
<p>Responses to the Capability Survey Part I and Part II must be received no later than close of business (enter due date, SB Note: 15 days from date of posting is sufficient). Please ensure data is in a readable electronic format that can be received through a firewall. Attachments shall not to exceed 10 MB per email. Multiple emails are acceptable. Responses must be sent via email to the following:</p>
<p>Bryan Canady: bryan.canady@us.af.mil and</p>
<p>Melissa Sturdivant: melissa.sturdivant@us.af.mil</p>
Nicole Mitchell: brandi.mitchell@us.af.mil
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>Questions relative to this market research should be addressed to: <br />Bryan Canady bryan.canady@us.af.mil 478-926-4430<br />Part II. Capability Survey Questions</p>
<p>A.General Capability Questions:</p>
<p>1.Describe briefly the capabilities of your facility and nature of the goods and/or services you provide. Include a description of your staff composition and management structure.</p>
<p>2.Describe your company's past experience on previous projects similar in complexity to this requirement. Include contract numbers, a brief description of the work performed, period of performance, agency/organization supported, and individual point of contact (Contracting Officer or Program Manager).</p>
<p>3.Describe your company's capabilities and experience in generating technical data, engineering drawings and manuals. Identify what software programs are utilized to generate these data products and what formats are available for delivered items.</p>
<p>4.What is your company's current maximum capacity per month for this particular type of requirement? Provide information on any facility reserves you may possess to increase capacity in the event of an immediate need do to critical operational mission requirements.</p>
<p>5.What quality assurance processes and test qualification practices does your company employ? Provide a description of your quality program (ISO 9001, AS9100, etc.).<br />a.Provide a detailed quality plan implementing AS9100 (or equivalent).</p>
<p>B.Commerciality Questions:</p>
<p>1.Is there established catalog or market prices for our requirement? <br /><br />2.If you offer this product and/or service to both U.S. Government and commercial sources, is the same workforce used for both the U.S. Government and general public?</p>
<p>3.Is our requirement offered to both under similar terms and conditions? Briefly describe any differences.</p>
<p>4.Describe your standard warranty and return process for goods and services furnished to the government for items similar in nature to this requirement.</p>
<p><br />C.Manufacturing Questions</p>
<p>1.Describe your capabilities and experience in manufacturing with regard to the requirements of this effort.</p>
<p>2.Describe your capabilities and experience in developing/modifying manufacturing procedures. Include associated upgrade of technical orders and preparation of new technical orders.</p>
<p>3.Demonstrate your ability and experience in the manufacture of the same or similar components, which are currently utilized in the commercial or military environment by providing the following information on the same or similar items:<br />a)Contract Number<br />b)Procuring Agency<br />c)Contract Value<br />d)Number of assets shipped</p>
<p>4.Provide your commercial manual(s) or Acceptance Test Procedures (ATP) and your rights to these manuals and or ATP used in the manufacture and functional check of these or similar assets for Government Engineer review.</p>
<p>5.Describe your capabilities and experience in test, evaluation, and repair processes/procedures with regard to manufacturing items.</p>
<p>6.Describe your configuration management processes and how you identify and resolve parts obsolescence and diminishing manufacturing sources problems?</p>
<p>7.Discuss your process for addressing any fit, form, and or function issues that may arise out of the requirements of this effort.</p>
<p>8.Describe your process for maintaining inventory records and reporting on hand/work-in-process balance and manufacturing status to your customer.</p>
<p>9.Include a detailed listing of facilities and equipment, including quantities, required to satisfy the requirements of this effort.<br />&nbsp; a.Provide an outline of the proposed process, including inspections.<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;i.State the type of test procedures are anticipated for this effort.<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp;ii.State the type of inspection processes anticipated for this effort.<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; 1.NDI/T.<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2.Destructive testing/inspection.</p>
<p>10.&nbsp;How will your organization address the absence of drawings, specifications, technical data, test procedures, etc.</p>
<p>11.Discuss any reverse engineering or item replacement opportunities that may be present.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
</li>
</ul>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/WRALC/FA8509-20-R-0002/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>31098
<POPADDRESS>
325  Byron Ste 19A, GA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Spacer, Compressor R
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-R-0022
<RESPDATE>120219
<ARCHDATE>10312020
<CONTACT>Scott A. Rountree, Contracting Officer, Email scott.rountree@us.af.mil
<DESC><p style="text-align: center;">Synopsis<br />FD2030-20-00347</p>
<p>1. Estimated issue date 1 Nov 2019 and estimated closing/response date 2 Dec 2019.</p>
<p>2. RFP #: SPRTA1-20-R-0022<br /><br />3. PR#: FD2030-20-00347</p>
<p>4. Nomenclature/Noun: Spacer, Compressor R</p>
<p>5. NSN: 2840-01-305-5307 RV</p>
<p>6. PN: 413918P20</p>
<p>7. Application (Engine or Aircraft): TF-33</p>
<p>8. AMC: 1/P</p>
<p>9. History: Previously purchased 48 EA per contract SPRTA1-17-C-0081 on 31 Mar 2017.</p>
<p>10. Description: Provides proper spacing between the 15th and 16th stage disks and seals airflow in the N2 Compressor.</p>
<p>11. Dimensions: L: 19.3250"; W: 19.3250"; H: 1.9040", WT: 15.0000 lbs.</p>
<p>12. Material: AMS 5660 NICKEL ALLOY.</p>
<p>13. A firm fixed price contract is contemplated. The item, estimated quantities and required deliveries are as follows:</p>
<p>Quantity:</p>
<p>LINE ITEM 0001: Spacer, Compressor R</p>
<p>LINE ITEM 0001AA: First Article Unit; Government Test - Expended</p>
<p>a) Destination: FY2303 / Tinker AFB, OK 73145 <br />b) Delivery: 1 EA ON OR BEFORE TBD<br />c) Required Quantity: 1 each</p>
<p>LINE ITEM 0001AB: First Article; Government Test - Part of Production</p>
<p>d) Destination: FY2303 / Tinker AFB, OK 73145<br />e) Delivery: 2 EA ON OR BEFORE TBD<br />f) Required Quantity: 2 each</p>
<p>LINE ITEM 0001AC: Production Units</p>
<p>g) Destination: SW3211 (DLA Distribution Depot, Tinker AFB, OK)<br />h) Delivery: 111 EA ON OR BEFORE 1 Oct 2022<br />i) Required Quantity: 111 each</p>
<p>LINE ITEM 0002: Production - Spacer, Compressor R - First Article NOT Required</p>
<p>j) Destination: SW3211 (DLA Distribution Depot, Tinker AFB, OK)<br />k) Delivery: 113 EA ON OR BEFORE 1 Oct 2022<br />l) Required Quantity: 113 each</p>
<p>14. Qualified Sources: Demusz Mfg. Co., Inc. (Cage: 2V116) and Union Machine Company of Lynn, Inc. (Cage: 51992).</p>
<p>15. Set-aside: This will be a 100% SB Set-aside</p>
<p>16. IUID: Yes</p>
<p>17. Critical Safety Item (CSI) applicability: CSI criteria APPLY to this item.</p>
<p>18. First Article: First Article Government Test Required IAW Form AFMC IMT 260 First Article Requirements. Note: Waivers may be considered when requested by the Contracting Officer.</p>
<p>19. Mandatory Language:</p>
<p>IAW FAR 5.207(c)(16)(i), All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency. It is anticipated that this requirement is competitive. Non-approved sources wishing to submit a proposal may do so, however, only qualified sources will be considered for award.</p>
<p>Justification: supplies required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible sources(s) and no other type of supplies will satisfy agency requirements. The proposed contract action is for supplies for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only small businesses under the authority of FAR 6.203, IAW FAR subpart 19.5.</p>
<p>Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice.</p>
<p>Government's obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer.</p>
<p>Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. Hardcopies of the solicitation will not be sent from this office. The solicitation will be available for download only at www.fbo.gov.</p>
<p>Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offers or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to contact the Ombudsman at (405) 734-8241, facsimile (405) 734-8129. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS.</p>
<p>20. Qualification Requirements do not apply.<br /><br />21. Export Control does not apply.</p>
<p>22. The solicitation will be available for download on the release date from www.fedbizops.gov. No telephone requests. Questions concerning this synopsis or subsequent solicitation can be directed to Scott Rountree at (405) 739-9079 or email scott.rountree@us.af.mil.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-R-0022/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>43
<NAICS>423840
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>A20-00ADV Grinder Pump 
<SOLNBR>FA812520Q0007
<RESPDATE>101719
<CONTACT>Darian D Permetter, Contract Specialist , Phone 4055825207, Email darian.permetter@us.af.mil
<DESC>This is a Pre-Solicitation notice for a Exlosion Proof and Submersible Grinder Pumps. This is a set aside 100% for small business. <br /><br />FOB destination is Tinker AFB OK.<br /><br />No quotes can be accepted until the Solicitation has been posted. <br /><br />Please make sure all provisions and clauses are appropriately filled in (where applicable), when submitting a quote in. Please send in the actual solicitation completed along with any other documention to support your compan's quote. Please make sure information stated is readable and legible. This is a Firm Fixed Price procurement, so please state the price on your quote as all inclusive of everything. (i.e. shipping, taxes, fees, etc.)
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA812520Q0007/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>73145
<POPADDRESS>Tinker AFB, Oklahoma 73145, 
United States 
Oklahoma City , OK
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0819
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command
<LOCATION>ACC - RSA (W58RGZ) CCAM
<ZIP>35898-0001
<CLASSCOD>61
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>5301 Martin Rd
Sparkman Ctr Redstone Arsenal AL 35898-0001
<SUBJECT>Overhaul of Power Supply
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ-19-R-0374
<RESPDATE>090319
<CONTACT>Candice Burwell, Contract Specialist, Phone 2569557012, Email candice.d.burwell.civ@mail.mil - Charles R. Miller, Contracting Officer, Phone 2569559283, Email charles.r.miller254.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>The Contractor shall furnish all services, facilities, labor, parts,<br />materials, equipment, tools and data (other than Government Furnished Property),<br />necessary to accomplish the inspection and overhaul of the following assets:
<p>NOMENCLATURE: Power Supply<br />INPUT NSN:6130-00-059-3404<br />OUTPUT NSN:6130-00-059-3404<br />INPUT P/N:28VS200Y9<br />OUTPUT P/N:28VS200Y9</p>
<p>ESTIMATED QUANITY RANGE: Minimum 20 each - Maximum 360 each (Maximum<br />includes a Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Quantity of 80)</p>
<p>The proposed contractual action will be a Five (5) year, Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP)<br />Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Maintenance and Overhaul type contract,<br />with minimum / maximum quantities listed above. These items are non-commercial;<br />FAR Part 12 will not be utilized. Required delivery shall be FOB Origin. This NSN is Not<br />a critical safety item. This procurement is Full and Open Competition. There is an adequate Depot Maintenance Work Requirement (DMWR) for this overhaul DMWR-55-6130-290.The overhaul shall be accomplished in accordance with contractor overhaul specifications and drawings.</p>
<p>Firms that recognize and can produce the required item described above are<br />encouraged to identify themselves. Firms are encouraged to seek source approval in<br />order to compete for future solicitations by accessing the website<br />www.redstone.army.mil/cmo/ and looking under Standard Aviation and Missile Source<br />Approval Request (SAMSAR). All responsible sources may submit an offer which shall<br />be considered by the Agency. No telephone requests for the solicitation will be<br />accepted. Requests for the solicitation shall be by mail or email. You may mail your<br />request to Candice Burwell, CCAM-ALA, Bldg. 5303, 2nd Floor, Redstone Arsenal, AL<br />35898-5000. Email requests should be sent to candice.d.burwell.civ@mail.mil.<br />Proposals can be hand-carried, mailed via the US Postal Service, or delivered by a<br />commercial delivery service. No fax or email responses shall be accepted for the initial<br />proposal. This requirement is currently unfunded. Award will be withheld pending receipt<br />of sufficient funds. The closing date annotated is an estimate date and may be adjusted<br />dependent upon the date of release of the solicitation; however, the solicitation will not<br />close prior to the closing date stated above.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/2ca235819730f7e4dba8be7d48548973
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>35898
<POPADDRESS>U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Command ATTN: CCAM-ALA, Building 5303
Redstone Arsenal, AL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command
<LOCATION>ACC - WRN (W911RQ)(RRAD)
<ZIP>75507-5000
<CLASSCOD>93
<NAICS>326130
<OFFADD>100 MAIN DRIVE BUILDING 431 TEXARKANA TX 75507-5000
<SUBJECT>Spall Liner
<SOLNBR>W911RQ-20-R-0002
<RESPDATE>103119
<CONTACT>Jason Boyd, Contract Specialist, Phone 9033342989, Email jason.w.boyd19.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>&nbsp;<span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Red River Army Depot (RRAD) has a requirement for spall liner, Aramid-Fabric-Reinforced Plastic, Mil-DTL-62474F, Type 1, Class B, 3.06-3.64 PSF Range, 62" X 78" X 24 plies (quantity 90 sheets) and Fiberglass-Fabric-Reinforced, Phenolic, Mil-DTL-64154B, Class A, 4.42-5.18 PSF Range, 62" X 78" X 24 Plies (quantity 105 sheets).<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The material will be used for interior Kevlar for MATV vehicles.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The Mil-DTL specs mentioned above specify the processes and methods criteria used to control and assure quality processes at RRAD.</span>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">This is a single award contract. </span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Funds will be obligated at award of contract.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">There is a 100% set-aside for small business. NAICS code: 326130.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Request for proposal will issue on or about 1 November 2019 on FBO.GOV and/or beta.SAM.gov. Request for proposal will close on or about 18 November 2019, 1:00 PM CST. Address all questions and comments in writing to <span><a>jason.w.boyd19.civ@mail.mil</a></span> and <span><a>robyn.e.james.civ@mail.mil</a></span>. All proposals must be submitted on the Standard Form 1449!</span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/0dd1bd173b2665bdbee0d9b33fbd9b69
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>75507
<POPADDRESS>100 James Carlow Drive

Texarkana, TX
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command, MICC
<LOCATION>MICC - Fort Hood
<ZIP>76544-5095
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>561730
<OFFADD>36000 Darnall Loop, Room 1300B  Fort Hood TX 76544-5095
<SUBJECT>Grounds Maintenance Service
<SOLNBR>W9115119R0005
<CONTACT>Fredicinda D. Jones, Contract Specialist, Phone 2542877674, Email fredicinda.d.jones.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>Mission and Installation Contracting Command (MICC) Fort Hood is issuing a PRE-SOLICITATION NOTICE for Proposal for a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Service contract to provide Grounds Maintenance Services to Fort Hood, Texas. This acquisition is 100% set aside for Small Business under NAICS 561730 Landscaping Services (Size Standard $8 Million).
<div><br />&nbsp;
<p>The services required is for all management, supervision, personnel, supplies, materiel, and operational equipment necessary to perform the Grounds Maintenance Service Contract, which includes mowing, trimming, edging, cleanup, debris removal, and chemical sterilant application. All work must be performed in accordance with the performance work statement (PWS), and shall comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local laws, regulations, and directives to include, but not limited to, the publications in Section 7, Related Documents. All work shall be performed by personnel qualified in accordance with (IAW) applicable laws and regulations.</p>
<p>The services shall include mowing, trimming, and chemical sterilant application for approximately 3,000 acres of the Fort Hood Installation. The service provider shall ensure all work performed results in a healthy, clean, neat, and professional appearance to all grounds serviced in support of mission requirements for users, residents, and visitors. All debris, residue, or grass clippings shall be removed from adjacent surface areas (e.g. sidewalks, curb lines, gutters, landscaped beds, rip rap etc.) as required. Mower height shall be set to three (3) inches for all areas, unless otherwise specified in Technical Exhibit (TE) E Installation Management Command (IMCOM) Standards. All work shall comply with all environmental impact awareness and compliance requirements. Installation mowing areas are represented by TE D Areas and Acreage, TE A1 GM FY20 Fort Hood (FH) Main Cantonment, and TE A2 GM FY 20 West FH Cantonment.</p>
<p>Historical data shall be compiled and required reports shall be prepared. All information shall be submitted as   Deliverables set forth in Section 6 of the PWS.   All work in support of mission requirements tendered to the Government for acceptance shall conform to the measurable performance standards of quality, timeliness, and quantity specified in the PWS.</p>
<p>The intent is to establish work requirements that are performance-based and results-oriented.  The provider of the services shall determine the best and most cost effective ways to fulfill Grounds Maintenance Services and their component needs, emphasizing innovation and commercial best practices. <br />The estimated period of performance consists of one (1) base year plus four (4) option periods.</p>
<p>This contract is subject to the Service Contract Act and the applicable Wage Determination (currently WD 15-5237 (Rev. -11)</p>
<p>An organized site visit may be conducted for this procurement. If one is conducted, details of the site visit will be stated in the solicitation.</p>
<p>Current contemplated evaluation factors and subfactors and their relative order of importance as follows:</p>
<p>Factor 1 Past Performance</p>
<p>Subfactor 1 Recency Assessment<br />Subfactor 2 Relevancy Assessment</p>
<p>Factor 2 Technical</p>
<p>Subfactor 1 Staffing Plan<br />Subfactor 2 Corporate Experience and Key Personnel Qualifications<br />Subfactor 3 Equipment, Maintenance, Supply and Materials  <br />Subfactor 4 Schedules<br />Subfactor 5 Transition Plan: Phase In and Phase Out</p>
<p><br />Factor 3 Price</p>
<p>Evaluation factors relative order of importance:<br />(i) Past Performance 		<br />(ii) Technical<br />(iii) Price</p>
<p>The Past Performance Factor is significantly more important than the Technical Factor. The combined non-cost factors (Past Performance Factor and Technical Factor) are significantly more important than the Price Factor. Within the Past Performance Factor, and Technical Factor; all subfactors are of equal importance. <br />NOTE: Evaluation factors and subfactors and their relative order of importance are subject to change prior to issuance of the solicitation.</p>
<p>Attachments included with this Pre-Solicitation notice are as follows:</p>
<p>DRAFT PWS Grounds Maintenance Service Fort Hood</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit A1 - Fort Hood Main Cantonment Map</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit A2 - West Fort Hood Cantonment Map</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit B - Mowing Area Map Book.</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit C - Chemical Sterilant Map Book</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit D     Areas and Acreage</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit E -    IMCOM Standards.  Grounds Maint. Work Capability Levels.</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit F - Special Services/Events.</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit G - Hazardous Material Inventory</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit H - Hazardous Material Authorization Request Form</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit I - Contractor Yard Site Map</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit J - Contract for Sale of Utility Services.</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit K - Fort Hood Pesticide Use Proposal (PUP) Form</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit L - EM 385-1-1</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit M - Bluebonnet Seed Planting</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit N	- Wage Determination 15-5237 (Rev.-11)</p>
<p>Draft Technical Exhibit O- Pricing Sheet<br /> <br />The solicitation is currently contemplated to l be issued on or about 15 December 2019 under solicitation number W91151-19-R-0005 to the Federal Business Opportunity (FedBizOpps) at https://www.fbo.gov.  No paper copies of this solicitation are or will be made available. If/when the solicitation is posted, it is incumbent upon the interested parties to review this site frequently for any updates/amendments.</p>
<p>Interested parties must be currently registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov  to receive a government contract award.</p>
<p>The point of contact for this acquisition are Sharon V. Jones, Contracting Officer at sharon.v.jones.civ@mail.mil, Fredicinda D. Jones, Contract Specialist at fredicinda.d.jones.civ@mail.mil, and CPT Ena G. Baran at ena.g.baran.mil@mail.mil.</p>
</div>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/9a2e32651526e7e4a45737e8eb6119ec
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>76544
<POPADDRESS>Fort Hood Texas 76544
Fort Hood , TX
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0515
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command, MICC
<LOCATION>MICC - Fort McCoy (W911SA)
<ZIP>54656-5142
<CLASSCOD>U
<NAICS>611699
<OFFADD>1108 South R Street Fort McCoy WI 54656-5142
<SUBJECT>Training Support Services
<SOLNBR>W911SA-19-Q-3066
<RESPDATE>062019
<CONTACT>Jana L. Knapp, Contract Specialist, Phone 6083881253, Email jana.l.knapp.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>Solicitation W911SA-19-Q-3066 will be issued on or about 20- May -2019 and can be accessed at www.fbo.gov. This requirement is for Training Support Services at Fort McCoy, WI. This will be an IDIQ contract and the period of performance is 1 October 2019 (or subsequent date) to 30 September 2020 with four (4) one year option periods.
<p>No Site visit will be held for this requirement.</p>
<p>Telephone, written or electronic request for hard copies of the solicitation documentation will be discouraged. Vendors interested in this solicitation should access www.fbo.gov for issuance of the solicitation, associated documents and solicitation amendments. Vendors will not be directly notified of solicitation amendments.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/d5b0da189f07178e038c0e632726baf5
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>54656
<POPADDRESS>
Fort McCoy, WI
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>Bureau of Indian Affairs
<LOCATION>BIA - DAPM
<ZIP>59101
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>BIA RMRO 00004<br />2021 4tTH AVENUE NORTH<br />Contracting Office<br />DOI Building<br />BILLINGS<br />MT<br />59101-1461<br />US<br />
<SUBJECT>R--FORT BELKNAP LITIGATION NEGOTIATIONS
<SOLNBR>DOIAFBO200003
<RESPDATE>111819
<ARCHDATE>12032019
<CONTACT>King, Mary
<DESC>FORT BELKNAP LITIGATION NEGOTIATIONS
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOI/BIA/RestonVA/DOIAFBO200003/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Bureau of Prisons
<LOCATION>FCI Marianna
<ZIP>32446
<CLASSCOD>45
<NAICS>332913
<OFFADD>3625 FCI Road Marianna FL 32446
<SUBJECT>Stainless Bathroom Fixtures
<SOLNBR>15B30820Q00000003
<RESPDATE>102419
<CONTACT>Karen Hodge, Supervisory Contract Specialist, Phone 8505266358, Email k1hodge@bop.gov
<DESC>The Federal Correctional Institution, Marianna, Florida intends to issue solicitation 15B30820Q00000003 for stainless toilets and lavatories with enhanced security for delivery to FCI Marianna. This solicitation is 100% set-a-side for small business. The Government contemplates award of a firm-fixed price type contract from this solicitation. The Government reserves the right upon award to make formal single or multiple awards. The Government will award to the responsible offeror, whose offer conforming to the solicitation, is considered to be most advantageous to the Government based on past performance and price. Pricing will be FOB destination with a delivery date on or before November 30, 2019. The solicitation will be available on or about October 17, 2019 and will be distributed solely through the General Services Administration's Federal Business Opportunities web site at http://www.fbo.gov. The site provides downloading instructions. Hard copies of the solicitation will not be distributed. All future information regarding this acquisition, including amendments, will be distributed through this site. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to ensure they have the most up-to-date information about this solicitation. The Government may make awards without discussions; therefore, offerors are instructed to submit their best offer initially. Faith-Based and Community-Based Organizations have the right to submit quotes equally with other organizations for contracts for which they are eligible. Failure to comply with the stated item specifications could result in your quoted item not being considered for award. NO SPECIFICATION SUBSTITUTIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. All contractors doing business with the Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at www.sam.gov. Payments for orders exceeding the micro purchase thresh hold will be made using Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT).
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/BPR/30803/15B30820Q00000003/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>32446
<POPADDRESS>FCI Marianna
3625 FCI Road
Marianna, FL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Government Publishing Office
<OFFICE>Customer Services Department
<LOCATION>Agency Publishing Services
<ZIP>20401
<CLASSCOD>T
<NAICS>323111
<OFFADD>Stop: CSAC, 732 North Capitol Street, N.W. Washington DC 20401
<SUBJECT>Saving Fitness: A Guide to your money and your financial future (English/Spanish Version).
<SOLNBR>Jacket_409-814
<RESPDATE>102119
<CONTACT>Rebecca R. Swan, Publishing Services Specialist, Phone 2025121239, Email rswan@gpo.gov - ken kerns, printing specialist, Phone 2025120307, Email kkerns@gpo.gov
<DESC>Two (2) Saddle Stitch Pamphlets print head to head with type/rule matter, illustrations, solids, screen tints, and images in 4-color process, plus some type reversing out to appear white. Most pages contain solid header (bleed 3 sides) that must print, register, and align across the bind. Item 1 (English Version) circle folios iii, iv, and 1 thru 50 (iv, and 50 are blank), and Item 2 (Spanish Version) circle folios iii, iv, and 1 thru 54 (iv is blank).&nbsp; After printing, flood coat the entire surface of all covers, and text with satin aqueous coating to prevent scratching and smearing.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/a83665c89373bfd467b6f8c607cbc06e
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Other Defense Agencies
<OFFICE>Defense Commissary Agency
<LOCATION>Contracting Bus Unit/Commercial Activities (HDEC08)
<ZIP>23801-1800
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>561990
<OFFADD>1300 E Avenue, Building P-11200 Fort Lee VA 23801-1800
<SUBJECT>Shelf Stocking, Receiving/Storage/Holding Area (RSAH), Custodial, and Residual Grocery 
<SOLNBR>HDEC0819R0014
<RESPDATE>122719
<ARCHDATE>03272020
<CONTACT>Jeane G Apt, Contracting Officer, Phone (804) 734-8000, extension 48856, Email jeane.apt@deca.mil - Jason K. Nuckols, Contracting Officer, Phone 804-734-8000 x86184, Email jason.nuckols@deca.mil
<DESC>&nbsp;
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; mso-add-space: auto"><span style="mso-fareast-font-family: ">Furnish all necessary supervision, personnel, equipment, and supplies necessary to perform shelf stocking, receiving/storage/holding area, custodial, and residual grocery operations for the Defense Commissary Agency (DeCA), Fort Leonard Wood Commissary, located Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, in accordance with the Government's Performance Work Statement (PWS).<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The solicitation includes a base period (</span>July 1, 2020<span style="mso-fareast-font-family: "> through </span><span style="mso-fareast-font-family: ">June</span> 30, 2021<span style="mso-fareast-font-family: ">) and four one-year option periods. This acquisition is 100% </span>Set-A<span style="mso-fareast-font-family: ">side for Woman-Owned </span>Small Business <span style="mso-fareast-font-family: ">concerns. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) number is 561990; the business size standard is $12 million.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>This solicitation and all attachments necessary to prepare a proposal will be available from FedBizOpps on or about November 8, 2019 with a tentative closing date of on or about December 27, 2019. A site visit is tentatively scheduled for Nov</span>ember 29, 2019<span style="mso-fareast-font-family: "> at 09</span>:30<span style="mso-fareast-font-family: "> a.m. (local time); however, the actual date will be annotated on the Section A, Information to Offerors, when the solicitation and its attachments are posted.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Offerors without the capability to download Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, and/or Adobe PDF files, can request a paper copy of the solicitation and diskette/CD. Requests should include the following information:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>the requestor's name, address, phone number, fax number, e-mail address, business size, DUNS number, and solicitation number.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Requests must be in writing and addressed to the Defense Commissary Agency, Acquisition Management, </span>Store Services Support Division<span style="mso-fareast-font-family: "> (ATTN:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span>CCQT, Jeane G. Apt<span style="mso-fareast-font-family: ">), 1300 E Avenue, Fort Lee, VA<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>23801-1800. Requests for the solicitation may be sent via email at <span><a>jeane.apt@deca.mil</a></span> or <span><a>jason.nuckols@deca.mil</a></span>.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; mso-add-space: auto"><span style="mso-fareast-font-family: ">Telephone requests WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. </span></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/ODA/DeCA/DeCA-CICS/HDEC0819R0014/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Woman Owned Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>65473
<POPADDRESS>Fort Leonard Wood Commissary
689 Nebraska Avenue, Building 485

Fort Leonard Wood, MO
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1017
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>8000 Jefferson Davis Highway Richmond VA 23297-5000
<SUBJECT>SEAL, AIR, AIRCRAFT G
<SOLNBR>SPE4A720R0112
<RESPDATE>120419
<CONTACT>David G Ford, Acquisition Specialist, Phone (804)279-5166, Fax (804) 279-4493, Email David.Ford@dla.mil
<DESC>RFP ISSUE DATE: NOVEMBER 4, 2019
<p>Solicitation for End Item: N/A. NSN: 2840 012479514; SEAL, AIR, AIRCRAFT G . INTENDED SOURCE: GE, CAGE 99207; METRO MACHINE WORKS, CAGE 50554; P/N 6055T07G01; PR 1000081925. PRODUCTION UNIT DELIVERY SCHEDULE IS 230 DAYS AFAA. CONTRACTOR FAT APPLIES. Critical Application Item. NAICS is 336412. This is an unrestricted, other than full and open competitive procurement. FOB DESTINATION, Inspection/Acceptance: ORIGIN. This is a Request for proposal for an Indefinite Quantity Long Term Contract, 5 year base. EAD is 124 each. Limited Specifications, plans, or drawings relating to the procurement described are available from the government. Solicitations between $25,000 and over will be made in writing. Request for a written proposal, please submit offers to fax # (804) 279-4437 or via email to the POC below. OFFERORS MUST COMPLETE A COPY OF THE SOLICITATION IN ORDER TO BE CONSIDERED FOR AWARD. A copy of the solicitation will be made available via DLA Internet Bid Board System at https://dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/ issue date cited in the RFP. From the DIBBS Homepage, select Search RFPs. Then choose the RFP you wish to download. RFPs are in portable document format (pdf). To download and view these documents you will need the latest version of Adobe Acrobat Reader. This software is available free at http://www.adobe.com. A paper copy of this solicitation will not be available to requestors. All responsible sources may submit an offer, which will be considered. SPRS/PPIRS for best value. The final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price, past performance, and other evaluation factors as described in the solicitation. Ba