# FBOFeed20191021

<PRESOL>
<DATE>0805
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>263 Network Contracting Office 23 (NCO 23)
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<ZIP>56303
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>325412
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;NETWORK 23 CONTRACTING OFFICE;Contract Officer;4801 Veterans Drive;St. Cloud MN  56303
<SUBJECT>65--Axumin (Flucicovin F-18)    
<SOLNBR>36C26319Q0870
<RESPDATE>081319
<CONTACT>Andrea Harter
Contracting Officer
320-654-7616

<a href="mailto:andrea.harter@va.gov">Contracting Officer's Email Address</a>
<DESC>This Notice of Intent is provided to advise that the Government intends to solicit and negotiate a sole source, Firm Fixed Price Requirements Contract with only one source, Petnet Solutions, Inc. to provide Axumin (Flucicovin F-18) to the Minneapolis VA Health Care System. 

This contact action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.302.1.

This notice of intent to award a sole source contract is not a request for competitive proposals. However, in accordance with FAR 5.207 (c) (16) (ii), all responsible sources that feel they can meet the Government s requirements detailed above may submit a capability statement which shall be considered by the agency. Responses to this notice shall contain sufficient information to establish the interested parties bona-fide capabilities for fulfilling the requirement, and include: the Dun & Bradstreet Number (DUNS), and the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), along with documentation that the vendor is an authorized distributor/reseller. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. The information will be retained as Market Research. 

All responses must be received by Noon local time on Tuesday, August 13, 2019.

Responses shall be submitted electronically to Andrea Harter via email at andrea.harter@va.gov. Fax responses and Telephone inquiries will not be accepted. 
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/SCVAMC656/SCVAMC656/36C26319Q0870/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<EMAIL>
<EMAIL>andrea.harter@va.gov
<DESC>Contracting Officer's Email Address
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1021
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>ACC OO
<LOCATION>411TH CSB (W91QVN) PARC OFFICE CAMP HUMPHREYS
<ZIP>96205-0062
<CLASSCOD>V
<NAICS>336211
<OFFADD>
<SUBJECT>Non-Tactical Vehicle (NTV) Purchase
<SOLNBR>W91QVN-20-R-0006
<CONTACT>Maurice A. Galloway, Contract Management Officer, Phone 3157550658, Email maurice.a.galloway.mil@mail.mil
<DESC><p>411th Contracting Support Brigade (CSB), Korea intends to issue a full and open competition solicitation for the purchase of four (4) 2020 SUV 4WD / Automatic Transmission, Mid-Size Sports Utility Vehicles (SUV), Non-Tactical vehicles for the use of military personnel under the United States Forces Korea (USFK) on USAG Humphreys and Area III.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/cbf0632ac26be5443df69684e474456d
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0920
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>AFICC
<LOCATION>AFICA- EUROPE
<ZIP>N/A
<CLASSCOD>U
<NAICS>611512
<OFFADD>
<SUBJECT>Joint Terminal Attack Controller (JTAC) Close Air Support (CAS)
<SOLNBR>FA564119RA006
<CONTACT>Nathaniel F. Searing, Contracting Officer, Phone 496315365286, Email nathaniel.searing@us.af.mil - Antje Veit, Contract Specialist, Phone 4963714057861, Email antje.veit.de@us.af.mil
<DESC><p>&nbsp;</p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><em>Synopsis and Notification of Pending RFP Release &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</em></span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br style="mso-special-character: line-break" /><br style="mso-special-character: line-break" /></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">(1) Action Code: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">FA564119RA006 (subject to change given RFP release in FY20)</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(2) Date: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">20 September 2019 (anticipated start date of performance: 01 May 2020)</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(3) NAICS: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">611512</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(4) Contracting Office Address:<br /></span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt 0.5in; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">764 SCONS/PKA</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt 0.5in; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Unit 3187</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt 0.5in; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Building 413</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt 0.5in; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Jefferson Avenue</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt 0.5in; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Ramstein-Miesenbach 66877</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(5) Subject: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Pre-Solicitation Synopsis</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(6) Closing Response Date: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">N/A</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(7) Contact Point or Contracting Officer: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Mr. Nathaniel Searing at <a href="mailto:nathaniel.searing@us.af.mil">nathaniel.searing@us.af.mil</a> and at Ms. Antje Veit<span style="mso-bidi-font-weight: bold"> <a href="mailto:antje.veit.de@us.af.mil">antje.veit.de@us.af.mil</a></span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(8) Contract Award Dollar Amount: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">N/A</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(9) Contract Line Item Number: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">N/A</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(10) Contract Award Date: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">N/A</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(11) Contractor: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">N/A</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(12) Description: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">The contractor shall provide non-personal services to include all management, tools, equipment, materials, fuel and labor of tactically-relevant aircraft to provide up to 320 flying hours per year for Joint Terminal Attack Controller (JTAC) Close Air Support (CAS) training in support of; 1) the United States Air Force in Europe (USAFE), Warrior Preparation Center (WPC), 4th Combat Training Squadron (4 CTS) (formerly USAFE Air Ground Operations School (AGOS) and subordinate units, and; 2) 4th Air Support Operations Group (ASOG) and subordinate units in their primary training areas in Germany and/or in countries agreed upon by user organization and contractor throughout Europe.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Performance includes flying a maximum of 12 hours per day to include night and may include Saturdays and Sundays.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(13) Unit of issue: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Hourly, Monthly and Unit</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(14) Duration of the contract period: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">(1) 5-month base period (including 2-month phase-in) and (5) 1-year option years</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(15) Who may bid: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered by the agency. Foreign participation is permitted</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(16) Solicitation Location: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Solicitation will be provided through </span><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><a href="https://www:fedbizopps:gov/">https://www:fedbizopps:gov</a></span></strong><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">/</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(17) Technical data required: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">All technical data will be included in the solicitation</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><br />(18) </span></strong><strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Set-aside Status: </span></strong><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">N/A IAW FAR 19.000(b)</span><em style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal"></em></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/62d6ae78490782ea121c43239209247d
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>DE
<POPADDRESS>Primary training areas in Germany and/or in countries agreed upon by user organization and contractor throughout Europe.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0802
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>AFICC
<LOCATION>AFICC - CONUS
<ZIP>45433
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>238160
<OFFADD>1940 Allbrook, Building 1, Room 111 WPAFB OH 45433
<SUBJECT>AFICC Enterprise Wide Roofing Repair, Replacement, and Maintenance (R3M)
<SOLNBR>FA800319RA006
<RESPDATE>081919
<CONTACT>Willa S. St.John, Contracting Officer, Phone 9372571257, Email willa.st_john@us.af.mil
<DESC><p>DRAFT request for proposal (DRAFT RFP) Number: FA8003-19-R-A006<br />Notice Type: Pre-Solicitation Notice</p>
<p>Title: AFICC Roofing Repair, Replacement, and Maintenance (R3M)</p>
<p>THIS IS A SPECIAL NOTICE FOR INDUSTRY COMMENT ON A DRAFT REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (DRAFT RFP)/SOLICITATION. <br /><br />PLEASE NOTE THAT THE ATTACHMENT IS A DRAFT REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) ONLY. This acquisition is for a Multiple Award Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity Contract (MAC IDIQ) for R3M to provide all personnel, labor, equipment, supplies, tools, materials, supervision, travel, periodic inspection, minor repair, and other items and services necessary to acquire commercial roof replacement, preventative maintenance, corrective repair, and inspection/testing services for United States Air Force (USAF) U.S. Army (USA) and U.S. Navy (USN) Active, Guard and Reserve installations within the Contiguous United States (CONUS) including Alaska (CONUS+AK) (only areas reachable by ground transportation). The program will acquire such construction and services for existing USAF facilities on a recurring basis. The program may acquire such services for USA and USN on an as-requested basis for requirements of the same scope and the program team has determined there is adequate capacity remaining in the contract ceiling to do so. This contract will be under a mandatory use policy for Active USAF installations, with limited exemptions, to be issued after award by the Air Force Civil Engineer Center (AFCEC).</p>
<p>The proposed contract shall be a Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP), MAC IDIQ with a period of performance of one five (5) year ordering period. The Government intends to issue a single solicitation and award a MAC IDIQ to all qualified technically acceptable vendors. Contract award is expected in May 2020. Task Orders will be competed using the Ordering Procedures found in the RFP's Section H clause.</p>
<p>This acquisition will be accomplished in accordance with The Office of the Under Secretary of Defense (OUSD) memorandum, dated December 13, 2017, Class Deviation 2018-O0006 - Evaluation Factors for Certain Multiple-Award Task- or Delivery- Order Contracts, Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), as supplemented by the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) and the Air Force Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (AFFARS), to make an integrated assessment for a best value award decision. The factor to be evaluated is Technical.</p>
<p>The Government intends for a 100% small business set-aside with the intent to reserve at least two (2) 8(a) IDIQ awards for each region. The Government anticipates awarding Regional MAC IDIQ awards. No vendor is allowed to propose on more than two (2) regions. The regions are:</p>
<p>Region 1: West; Covers installations in California, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming.</p>
<p>Region 2: Midwest; Covers installations in Illinois, Kansas, Nebraska North Dakota, Missouri, and South Dakota.</p>
<p>Region 3: Northeast; Covers installations in Delaware, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, and Virginia.</p>
<p>Region 4: Southwest; Covers installations in Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Texas.</p>
<p>Region 5: Southeast; Covers installations in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee.</p>
<p>Region 6: Alaska; Covers installations in Alaska.</p>
<p>The North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS) for this solicitation is 238160, Roofing Contractors. The business size standard in dollars is $14.5M. <br />The result of this future evaluation will be to award contracts to vendors who will be the only approved and mandated sources of supply for the USAF for a possible five (5) years, when making purchases that fall under the scope of this program. The Government intends to issue a formal solicitation by way of a RFP in the near future.</p>
<p>The purpose of posting this DRAFT RFP is to elicit feedback from the potential bidders. We want to ensure: (1) that what we are asking for is clear, (2) that you can provide what we are asking for, (3) that you understand how you will be evaluated, (4) that you understand what will constitute being awarded a contract, (5) that our timelines are reasonable, and (6) that in general, the Government has not missed anything that will hinder your ability to be considered for part of this acquisition. It will be greatly beneficial if you provide detailed feedback for the attached items as they will be similar to the FINAL RFP. The feedback we receive from this will directly lead to a FINAL RFP once we receive approval.</p>
<p>This is not a solicitation. This is a DRAFT RFP. Please, do not submit actual quotes, prices, marketing materials, or any other deliverables requested in the DRAFT RFP attachments. DO NOT fill out any of the attachments. DO NOT submit item prices or product information at this time. Attachments are only being included at this time to allow you the opportunity to review for content, and to provide feedback as detailed above.</p>
<p>Responses to this DRAFT RFP are required to be submitted in Microsoft Office products 2010 or newer or as a PDF file, and tables may be used. Please reference the attachment name and number, page number (if available), and section of the Draft RFP that you are commenting on in all responses. Each page of your response shall contain your company information in the header/footer or as a company logo. Please refrain from presenting marketing type material. All responses shall be emailed to the R3M Team Inbox at AFICA.R3M.Roofing_Program@us.af.mil no later than the closing date of this Draft RFP notice. Paper copies will not be accepted.</p>
<p>This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract nor does it obligate the Government to pay and/or reimburse respondents and/or their associates for any cost incurred to submit the requested information. Funds are not presently available for this effort. No award will be made under this DRAFT RFP.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/1483b0e5621012b2c5ae6fe4d2944951
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0315
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFRL/PZL - WPAFB
<ZIP>45433
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541715
<OFFADD>AFRL/RQK
2130 Eighth Street, Building 45 Wright-Patterson AFB OH 45433
<SUBJECT>Capability Request for Information (CRFI) for Skyborg Autonomous Unmanned Combat Air Vehicle
<SOLNBR>FA8650-19-S-9340
<RESPDATE>041519
<CONTACT>Michael J. Wafzig, Contracting Officer, Phone 937-713-9979, Fax 937-255-8100, Email michael.wafzig@us.af.mil - Shayla Wray, Contracting Officer, Phone (937) 713-9984, Email shayla.wray@us.af.mil
<DESC>The Air Force Strategic Development Planning &amp; Experimentation Group (SDPE) is conducting market research and Concept of Operations (CONOPS) analysis in support of fielding a prototype Autonomous, Unmanned Combat Air Vehicle (UCAV) as an Early Operational Capability (EOC), program name Skyborg. Please see the attached Capability Request for Information (CRFI) for additional details.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFRLWRS/FA8650-19-S-9340/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPADDRESS>TBD
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0512
<YEAR>17
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>DLA AVIATION AT OKLAHOMA CITY, OK; DLR PROCUREMENT OPERATIONS (AO);3001 STAFF DRIVE; TINKER AFB; OK; 73145
<SUBJECT>29--GOVERNOR,PUMP,PRESS  NSN: 2915-01-557-1122RV PN:  5225-1181
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-17-R-0340
<RESPDATE>051217
<CONTACT>James  Headington, Phone 405-734-1984, Fax    -   -    , Email james.headington.1@us.af.mil

<a href="mailto:james.headington.1@us.af.mil">James Headington</a>
<DESC>Synopsis PR: FD2030-17-01726 1.  Estimated issue date and estimated closing/response date:  
 Issue: 	12 May 2017 Closes: 	27 May 2017
2.  RFP: SPRTA1-17-R-0340     3.  Service/Spare/Repair/OH: Spares
4.  AMC:	3R
5.  Nomenclature/Noun: Governor, Pump, Press
6.  NSN: 2915-01-557-1122RV
7.  PN:  5225-1181
8.  History: Award date: 21 February 2017 under contract SPRTA117P0040 / Qty: 51 each / Awardee: Woodward Inc.  	 9.  Description/Function:  Item Dimensions: 3.0000" (L) x 3.0000" (W) x 5.0000" (H) and weighs 7.6 (LBs).       Material Content: N/A Item Function: Meters fuel in the fuel control        
10.  Total Line Item Quantity:   L/I 0001 - 150 each      
11.  Application (Engine or Aircraft):  TF-33 Engine
12.  Destination:  SW3211, Tinker AFB, OK, 73145-8000
13.  Required Delivery: 150 Each on or before 31 March 2020.
14.  Qualification Requirements DO NOT exist. 
15.  Export Control Requirements:  No
16.  UID: If unit price exceeds $5,000, then UID requirements are applicable. 
17.  Qualified Sources:  Woodward Inc. (66503)
18.  Set-aside:  N/A
19.  Mandatory Language:
In accordance with FAR 5.207(c)(16)(ii), All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency.
This acquisition involves technology that has a military or space application.  The extent of foreign participation has not yet been determined.  Nothing in this notice contradicts other restrictions, identified in the synopsis notice or solicitation, regarding eligible sources (e.g., if this is a small business set aside, foreign sources may not participate as potential prime contractors but could, if otherwise eligible, participate as subcontractors).
Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice. 
Government's obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer
Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. Hardcopies of the solicitation will not be sent from this office. The solicitation will be available for download only at www.fbo.gov.
Authority: 10 U.S.C. 2304(c) (1), Justification: supplies (or Services) required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.  
This notice of intent is not a request for competition.  However, all proposals received within 45 days (30 days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government.  A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.
It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contract with the firms(s) listed.  
Note:  While price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price and past performance factors as detailed in the solicitation.
Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at (405) 734-8241. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS. Request for written quotation will be issued.  Only written or faxed request received directly from the requestors are acceptable. The anticipated award date will be 60 days after the issuance of this notice.
20.  Buyer name, phone#, and email address   Questions concerning this synopsis or subsequent solicitation can be directed to buyer James Headington, 405-734-1984, James.Headington.1@us.af.mil.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-17-R-0340/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<EMAIL>
<EMAIL>james.headington.1@us.af.mil
<DESC>James Headington
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1021
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Spacer, Compressor R
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-R-0019
<RESPDATE>110519
<ARCHDATE>01312020
<CONTACT>James Headington, Contracting Specialist, Phone 4057341984, Email james.headington.1@us.af.mil
<DESC>Synopsis<br />PR: FD2030-20-00345
<p>1. Estimated issue date and estimated closing/response date:<br />Issue: 21 Oct 2019<br />Closes: 5 Nov 2019<br /><br />2. RFP: SPRTA1-20-R-0019</p>
<p>3. Service/Spare/Repair/OH: Spares<br /><br />4. AMC: 2P<br /><br />5. Nomenclature/Noun: Spacer, Compressor R<br /><br />6. NSN: 2840-01-305-5305RV<br /><br />7. PN: 364805P20<br /><br />8. History: Award date: 29 Jan 2016, Qty: 40 Each, Source: Electro-Method<br /><br />9. Description/Function: Length: 19.345; Width: 19.345; Height: 2.298; Weight: 8.00; Material: AMS 4928 Titanium. 10th Stage Spacer provides proper spacing between the 10th and 11th stage disk and blade assemblies and it also seals air flow in the high speed compressor<br /><br />10. Total Line Item Quantity: PR2030-20-00345<br />L/I 0001 - 97 each,<br />L/I 0002 - 1 each First Article, <br />L/I 0003 - 2 ea. First Article, <br /><br />11. Application (Engine or Aircraft): TF33 Engine<br /><br />12. Destination: SW3211<br /><br />13. Required Delivery: 10 each per Month beginning on or before 1 Oct 2022<br /><br />14. Qualification Requirements: Yes<br /><br />15. Export Control Requirements: Yes<br /><br />16. UID: If unit price exceeds $5,000, then UID requirements are applicable.<br /><br />17. Qualified Sources: United Technologies Corporation (Cage: 52661); Union Machine (Cage: 51992)<br /><br />18. Set-aside: This will not be a SB Set-Aside<br /><br />19. First Article: First Article Contractor Test Required for Approved Sources Other Than the OEM Pratt &amp; Whitney<br /><br />20. Mandatory Language:<br />In accordance with FAR 5.207(c) (16) (i), all responsible sources may submit a bid, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency.<br /><br />It is anticipated that this requirement is competitive. Non-approved sources wishing to submit a bid may do so; however; only qualified sources will be considered for award. Government First Articles may be required from newly approved sources.<br />.<br />This acquisition involves technology that has a military or space application. The extent of foreign participation has not yet been determined. Nothing in this notice contradicts other restrictions, identified in the synopsis notice or solicitation, regarding eligible sources (e.g., if this is a small business set aside, foreign sources may not participate as potential prime contractors but could, if otherwise eligible, participate as subcontractors).<br /><br />Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice.<br /><br />Government's obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer.<br /><br />Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. Hardcopies of the solicitation will not be sent from this office. The solicitation will be available for download only at www.fbo.gov.<br /><br />Authority: 10 U.S.C. 2304(c) (1), Justification: supplies (or Services) required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.<br /><br />This notice of intent is not a request for competition. However, all proposals received within 45 days (30 days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.<br /><br />Note: While price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price and past performance factors as detailed in the solicitation.<br /><br />Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at (405) 734-8241. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS.</p>
<p>Request for written quotation will be issued. Only written or faxed request received directly from the requestors are acceptable. The anticipated award date will be 60 days after the issuance of this notice.</p>
<p>21. Questions concerning this synopsis or subsequent solicitation can be directed to buyer James Headington, 405-855-3535, James.Headington.1@us.af.mil</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-R-0019/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1021
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>SENSOR ELEMENT,TEMP
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-19-R-0473
<RESPDATE>120619
<ARCHDATE>01302020
<CONTACT>Wannie DeBouse, Contract Specialist, Phone 405-855-3523, Fax 405-734-8129, Email wannie.debouse@us.af.mil
<DESC>&nbsp;
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none" align="center"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: center; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none" align="center"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">1.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Estimated issue date and estimated closing/response date:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;Issue:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>6 NOV 19</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Closes: 6 DEC 2019</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">2.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>RFP# SPRTA1-19-R-0473</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">3.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Service/Spare/Repair/OH: Spares</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">4.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>AMC:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>3/R</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">5.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Nomenclature/Noun:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>SENSOR ELEMENT,TEMP</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">6.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>NSN: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>2925-14-520-1469 PN</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">7.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>PN: 301-798-601-0</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">8.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>History: 7 AUG 2018, QTY: 31 EA, J.G.W. (INTERNATIONAL)</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">9.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Description/Function:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The T12 Sensor is designed to permanently convert the ambiant air temperature.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; tab-stops: 178.0pt"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span><span style="mso-tab-count: 1">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">10.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Total Line Item Quantity:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>L/I 0001 = Min: 32 Each<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>Max: 194 Each</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">11.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Application (Engine or Aircraft):<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>F 108</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><em><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">12.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Destination: SW3211</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><em><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">13.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Required Delivery: TBA In Solicitation</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">14.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Qualification Requirements: NO</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">15.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Export Control Requirements: NO </span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">16.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>UID: If unit price exceeds $5,000, then UID requirements are applicable. </span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">17.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Qualified Sources:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>ESTERLINE SENSORS SERVICES AMERICAS (Cage Code: 3J805),</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">18.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Set-aside:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>N/A</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">19.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Mandatory Language:</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">In accordance with FAR 5.207(c)(15)(ii), All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">This acquisition involves technology that has a military or space application.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The extent of foreign participation has not yet been determined.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Nothing in this notice contradicts other restrictions, identified in the synopsis notice or solicitation, regarding eligible sources (e.g., if this is a small business set aside, foreign sources may not participate as potential prime contractors but could, if otherwise eligible, participate as subcontractors).</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice. </span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Government's obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made.&nbsp; No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. Hardcopies of the solicitation will not be sent from this office. The solicitation will be available for download only at <a href="http://www.fbo.gov"><span style="COLOR: windowtext">www.fbo.gov</span></a>.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Authority: 10 U.S.C. 2304(c) (1), Justification: supplies (or Services) required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">This notice of intent is not a request for competition.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>However, all proposals received within 45 days (30 days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contract with the firms(s) listed.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 15pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 15pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Note:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>While price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price and past performance factors as detailed in the solicitation.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 15pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at (405) 734-8241. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS. Request for written quotation will be issued.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Only written or faxed request received directly from the requestors are acceptable. The anticipated award date will be 60 days after the issuance of this notice.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 15pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">20.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Buyer name, phone#, and email address<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>Questions concerning this synopsis or subsequent solicitation can be directed to buyer Wannie DeBouse<span style="mso-bidi-font-style: italic">, 405-855-3523, wannie.debouse@us.af.mil. </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 15pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 15pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 9pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 15pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 8.5pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 15pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 8.5pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 15pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 8.5pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-19-R-0473/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1021
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command
<LOCATION>ACC - RI (W52P1J)
<ZIP>61299-8000
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>238140
<OFFADD>3055 Rodman Avenue Rock Island IL 61299-8000
<SUBJECT>Repair Building 160 Windows
<SOLNBR>W52P1J-20-R-5000
<RESPDATE>110519
<CONTACT>John D. Kerch, Contract Specialist, Phone 3097825830, Email john.d.kerch.civ@mail.mil - Julie K. Culliton, Contract Specialist, Phone 3097825354, Email julie.k.culliton.civ@mail.mil
<DESC><div>
<div>This pre-solicitation synopsis is notice regarding solicitation W52P1J-20-</div>
<div>R-5000 for a construction project.</div>
<div><br /></div>
<div>Please note, this is a notice that a solicitation is anticipated to be forth</div>
<div>coming and will be posted on or around 05 November 2019 with all the</div>
<div>necessary docum