# FBOFeed20191103

<PRESOL>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Bureau of Prisons
<LOCATION>FCI Sandstone
<ZIP>55072
<CLASSCOD>89
<NAICS>311511
<OFFADD>2300 County Road 29
Box 999 Sandstone MN 55072
<SUBJECT>FCI Sandstone FY20 2nd Qtr Dairy Requirement
<SOLNBR>15B41320Q00000004
<RESPDATE>111919
<ARCHDATE>05042020
<CONTACT>Brian C. Wendorff, Contract Specialist, Phone 3202456205, Email bwendorff@bop.gov
<DESC>The Federal Correctional Institution, Sandstone, Minnesota intends to issue solicitation 15B41320Q00000004 for the 2nd Quarter, FY 2020 milk requirement. This solicitation is 100% set-aside for small business under NAICS 311511. The Government contemplates award of a firm-fixed price type contract from this solicitation. The Government reserves the right upon award to make formal single or multiple awards. The Government will award to the responsible offeror(s), whose offer conforming to the solicitation, is considered to be most advantageous to the Government based on best value. Pricing will be FOB destination. The solicitation will be available on or about November 5, 2019 and will be distributed solely through the General Services Administration's Federal Business Opportunities web site at http://www.fbo.gov. The site provides downloading instructions. Hard copies of the solicitation will not be distributed. All future information regarding this acquisition, including amendments, will be distributed through this site. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to ensure they have the most up-to-date information about this solicitation. The Government may make awards without discussions; therefore, offerors are instructed to submit their best offer initially. Faith-Based and Community-Based Organizations have the right to submit quotes equally with other organizations for contracts for which they are eligible. All contractors doing business with the Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at www.sam.gov. Payments will be made using Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT). Each offeror, in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, is required to complete the annual representations and certification electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://www.sam.gov/portal.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/BPR/41302/15B41320Q00000004/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>55072
<POPADDRESS>2300 Co Rd 29
Sandstone, MN
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Bureau of Prisons
<LOCATION>FCI Sandstone
<ZIP>55072
<CLASSCOD>89
<NAICS>311999
<OFFADD>2300 County Road 29
Box 999 Sandstone MN 55072
<SUBJECT>FCI Sandstone FY20 2nd Qtr Subsistence Requirement
<SOLNBR>15B41320Q00000003
<RESPDATE>111919
<ARCHDATE>05042020
<CONTACT>Brian C. Wendorff, Contract Specialist, Phone 3202456205, Email bwendorff@bop.gov
<DESC>The Federal Correctional Institution, Sandstone, Minnesota intends to issue solicitation 15B41320Q00000003 for the 2nd Quarter, FY 2020 subsistence requirement. This solicitation is 100% set-aside for small business under NAICS 311999. The Government contemplates award of a firm-fixed price type contract from this solicitation. The Government reserves the right upon award to make formal single or multiple awards. The Government will award to the responsible offeror(s), whose offer conforming to the solicitation, is considered to be most advantageous to the Government based on best value. Pricing will be FOB destination. Delivery required within 30 days of order or may be subject to cancellation and awarded to the vendor that provided the next lowest quote. The solicitation will be available on or about November 05, 2019 and will be distributed solely through the General Services Administration's Federal Business Opportunities website at http://www.fbo.gov. The site provides downloading instructions. Hard copies of the solicitation will not be distributed. All future information regarding this acquisition, including amendments, will be distributed through this site. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to ensure they have the most up-to-date information about this solicitation. The Government may make awards without discussions; therefore, offerors are instructed to submit their best offer initially. Faith-Based and Community-Based Organizations have the right to submit quotes equally with other organizations for contracts for which they are eligible. All contractors doing business with the Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management database (SAM) at www.sam.gov. Payments will be made using Government Purchase Card for purchases at or below the micro-purchase level per FAR13.201. Payment for purchases over the micro-purchase level will be Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT). Each offeror, in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, is required to complete the annual representations and certification electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://www.sam.gov/portal.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DOJ/BPR/41302/15B41320Q00000003/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>55072
<POPADDRESS>2300 Co Rd 29
Sandstone, MN
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0520
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>43
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>8000 Jefferson Davis Highway Richmond VA 23297-5000
<SUBJECT>PUMP, ROTARY
<SOLNBR>SPE4A519R0452
<RESPDATE>062019
<CONTACT>Desiree McCormick, Contract Specialist, Phone 8042795794, Email desiree.mccormick@dla.mil
<DESC>&nbsp;
<p><a name="OLE_LINK2"></a><a name="OLE_LINK1"><span style="mso-bookmark: OLE_LINK2"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-fareast-theme-font: minor-latin">SOLICITATION FOR NSN:4320013717733 /77449010, PUMP, ROTARY, HAMILTON SUNDSTRAND(99167), P/N: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>5002715C. DLA DOES NOT CURRENTLY HAVE AN APPROVED TECHNICAL DATA PACKAGE AVAILABLE FOR THIS NSN.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>ANY MANUFACTURER, OTHER THAN THE APPROVED SOURCE, WISHING TO SUBMIT A PROPOSAL ON THIS ITEM MUST SUBMIT A COMPLETE SOURCE APPROVAL REQUEST (SAR) PACKAGE.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>A LETTER REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) WILL BE ISSUED FOR A FIRM FIXED PRICE QUANTITY OF 158 EACH.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>THIS SOLICITATION WILL RESULT IN A FIRM FIXED-PRICE CONTRACT WITHOUT OPTIONS. THE REQUIRED DELIVERY SCHEDULE IS 466 DAYS ARO, FOB ORIGIN, INSPECTION/ACCEPTANCE AT DESTINATION. PPIRS APPLIES; THE FINAL CONTRACT AWARD DECISION MAY BE BASED UPON A COMBINATION OF PRICE, PAST PERFORMANCE, AND OTHER EVALUATION FACTORS. <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>ALL RESPONSIBLE SOURCES MAY SUBMIT AN OFFTER THAT WILL BE CONSIDERED.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>A COPY OF THE SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE VIA THE DLA INTERNET BID BOARD SYSTEM (DIBBS).<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>A COPY OF THE SOLICITATION WILL ONLY BE AVAILABLE TO REQUESTERS BY CONTACTING THE BUYER DIRECTLY.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>THE SOLICITATION ISSUE DATE WILL BE ON OR ABOUT 05/20/19.</span></span></a></p>
<p><span style="mso-bookmark: OLE_LINK1"><span style="mso-bookmark: OLE_LINK2"><span style="mso-fareast-font-family: Calibri; mso-fareast-theme-font: minor-latin">&nbsp;</span></span></span></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A519R0452/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>23297
<POPADDRESS>8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HWY
RICHMOND, VA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of State
<OFFICE>Near Eastern Posts
<LOCATION>U.S. Embassy Amman, Jordan
<ZIP>N/A
<CLASSCOD>G
<NAICS>524114
<OFFADD>P.O. Box 354 Amman 1118 1
<SUBJECT>U.S. Embassy Iraq LES Global Medical Coverage (GMC) Health Insurance Services
<SOLNBR>191Z11119R0001
<ARCHDATE>12312020
<CONTACT>Miguel Danzot, Contracting Officer, Phone +962-6-5906000, Fax +962-6-5906869, Email rsucontracts@state.gov - Mohammed MR. Abushamat, Procurement Specialist, Phone +96265906000, Fax +962-6-5906869, Email rsucontracts@state.gov
<DESC>Please note this solicitation is not ready to be issued as of this date. The Regional Support Unit at the Embassy of the United States in Amman - Jordan will launch the solicitation on the Federal Business Opportunities (FedBizOpps) website when it is available.
<p>The requirement is for providing Health Insurance Services per the Global Medical Coverage specifications to locally Employed Staff (LE Staff) of the U. S. Mission in Iraq. The estimated number of LE Staff employees is 482 and the estimated number of independents is 739, for a total estimated number of 1221 enrollees. Please note these are only estimated numbers.</p>
<p>The anticipated performance period is for a base year, with four one-year option periods, if exercised by the U. S. Government. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered. This opportunity allows for electronic responses. Please mail your offer to the contracting office listed in this notice prior to the response date and time.</p>
<p>The U. S. Government intends to award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the lowest priced technically acceptable offeror who is a responsible contractor. The U.S. Government may award the contract based on the initial offer without discussion. The resultant contract will be a firm fixed price type contract. <br />All contractors must be registered in the SAM (System for Award Management) database https://www.sam.gov prior to contract award pursuant to FAR provision 52.204-7. Therefore, prospective offerors are encouraged to register prior to the submittal of quotations/proposals.</p>
<p>The guidelines for registration in SAM are also available at:<br />https://www.statebuy.state.gov/pd/Pages/AdditionalVendorReg.aspx</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/State/NEA-SA/Amman/191Z11119R0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>IQ
<POPADDRESS>U. S. Embassy Baghdad and U. S. Consulate General Erbil/ Iraq
Baghdad
</PRESOL>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Other Defense Agencies
<OFFICE>Office of the Secretary of Defense
<LOCATION>DoD Inspector General
<ZIP>22350
<CLASSCOD>70
<NAICS>541519
<OFFADD>4800 Mark Center Drive Alexandria VA 22350
<SUBJECT>Auditing Management Software (AMS)
<SOLNBR>HF102620AMS
<RESPDATE>112519
<CONTACT>Jana Weston, Acquisition Specialist, Email jana.weston@dodig.mil
<DESC><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">The purpose of the RFI is to conduct market research of commercial, off the shelf Audit Management Software.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The DoDIG's requirement includes licensing, initial installation, set-up and implementation, training, and on-going support services (to include security updates, patches, bug fixes, and correction of all compliance and/or compatibility related issues). </span>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/ODA/OSD/DODIG/HF102620AMS/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</SRCSGT>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>0424
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command, MICC
<LOCATION>MICC - Fort Hood
<ZIP>76544-5095
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>36000 Darnall Loop, Room 1300B  Fort Hood TX 76544-5095
<SUBJECT>Test Technology Support Services
<SOLNBR>W91151-20-R-0001
<RESPDATE>050819
<CONTACT>Natasha L. Elder, Senior Contract Specialist, Phone 254-287-4022, Email natasha.l.elder.civ@mail.mil - Belinda Woods, Contracting Officer, Phone 254-287-2019, Email belinda.woods.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>This is not request to submit a proposal. This is a request for industry comments on the Draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) for Test Technology Support Services (TTSS) primarily performed at Fort Hood, Texas and Fort Huachuca, Arizona.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/9c283dcba541472156a39df939735811
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Competitive 8(a)
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>76544
<POPADDRESS>91009 Mustang Drive

West Fort Hood, TX
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>Bureau of Reclamation
<LOCATION>BOR - All Offices
<ZIP>83706
<CLASSCOD>F
<NAICS>924120
<OFFADD>Bureau of Reclamation<br />Pacific Northwest Region<br />Regional Office<br />Acquisition Management Division<br />1150 N. Curtis Road, Ste. 100<br />Boise<br />ID<br />83706-1234<br />US<br />
<SUBJECT>F--Ririe Reservoir Mitigation, Upper Snake Field Office, Bonneville County, Idaho
<SOLNBR>140R1020Q0006
<CONTACT>Somerville, Amanda
<DESC>NOTICE OF SOLE SOURCE INTENT

This notice is not a request for competitive quotes.

The Bureau of Reclamation, Pacific Northwest Regional Office intends to award a purchase order to the Idaho Department of Fish and Game located in Boise, Idaho for the continued management of lands acquired and transferred to the State of Idaho on behalf of Reclamation towards mitigating negative effects of wildlife habitat due to the construction of the Lower Teton Division Project and Mitigation Lands.   Reclamation has found the Idaho Department of Fish and Game the only reasonable source able to successfully complete the required services due to Idaho statute and established cooperative agreements.  

The Teton Mitigation Areas are located in Eastern Idaho and are managed by the State of Idaho and include portions of the Tex Creek Wildlife Management Area (WMA), located to the southeast of Ririe Reservoir; Cartier Slough WMA, located north of Ririe Reservoir; and the Ririe Outlet Channel, located west of Ririe Reservoir. The Resource Management Plan (RMP) supporting this initiative addresses current and anticipated future issues to permit the orderly and coordinated development and management of lands and facilities and the water surface under Reclamation jurisdiction in the RMP area.

The awarded purchase order will be for a base period of 12 months, and include two (2) 12-month option periods.  Reclamation believes that only one responsible source can fully provide the services that will satisfy the agency's requirements.  A Justification for Other Than Full and Open Competition is being prepared.  

The Government anticipates award before July 2020.  Vendors that have questions regarding the sole source nature of the requirement or vendors that believe they can fully provide the required services are encouraged to identify themselves and give written notification to the Contracting Officer listed below within 15 calendar days of this notice. The statutory authority for other than full and open competition is 10 USC 2304 (c)(1), only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  

Responses to this notice can be mailed to the Bureau of Reclamation ¿ SRA-7127; 230 Collins Road, Boise, ID 83702 or e-mailed to asomerville@usbr.gov.  All responses should include the vendor's Duns and Bradstreet (DUNS) Number and Tax Identification Number (TIN).  The NAICS code for this effort is 924120. No small business size standard is established for this Sector 92 Public Administration Sector.

A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed action based on the responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received will be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether or not to conduct a competitive procurement.  

Any contractor interested in doing business with the Federal Government must register in the System for Award Management database prior to submission of an offer.  SAM is a Federal Government owned and operated FREE website at www.beta.sam.gov. 

All invoices for this procurement must be submitted through the Department of Treasury's Invoice Processing Platform located at www.ipp.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/0786ae43294eeecc354762fa886ca8b6
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</SNOTE>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Environmental Protection Agency
<OFFICE>Office of Research and Development (ORD)
<LOCATION>ORD/OARS/EMD/Simplified Acquisition Branch (SAB)
<ZIP>74820
<CLASSCOD>F
<NAICS>541511
<OFFADD>ORD/ORM/EMD/SAB<br />Renae Cochran (580-436-8517)<br />US Environmental Protection Agency<br />919 Kerr Research Drive<br />Ada<br />OK<br />74820<br />
<SUBJECT>F--Regionalize the VSD+PROPS Modeling Platform
<SOLNBR>68HE0B20Q0037
<ARCHDATE>11162019
<CONTACT>Cochran, Renae
<DESC>Regionalize the VSD+PROPS Modeling Platform for the US
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/d4d34911d8f8daf1a21f6f784d82b80f
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</SNOTE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>355 CONS
<ZIP>85707-3522
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>238990
<OFFADD>3180 S Craycroft Rd Davis Monthan AFB AZ 85707-3522
<SUBJECT>Artificial Turf Maintenance Services 
<SOLNBR>FA487720R0006
<RESPDATE>111419
<CONTACT>Margaret Burton, Contract Specialist, Phone 5202284914, Email 355CONS.PKBA.Services@us.af.mil - Sadiah Robinson, Contract Specialist, Phone 5202284918, Email 355CONS.PKBA.Services@us.af.mil
<DESC>Solicitation for Artificial Turf Maintenance Services
<div><br /></div>
<div>
<div>Important Dates &amp; Times (All times are Arizona Local Time)</div>
<div>Questions due via email:&nbsp; 7 November 2019, 2:00PM</div>
<div>Quotes due via email: 14 November 2019, 2:00PM</div>
</div>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/ACC/355CONS/FA487720R0006/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>85707
<POPADDRESS>Davis Monthan Air Force Base 
Tucson , AZ
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFTC/PZIO - Eglin
<ZIP>32542-5418
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>334310
<OFFADD>308 West D. Ave
Bldg 260
Suite 130 Eglin AFB FL 32542-5418
<SUBJECT>Hearing Test Chambers
<SOLNBR>FM282391890377
<RESPDATE>111819
<ARCHDATE>11192019
<CONTACT>Ky A. Larkins, Contract Specialist, Phone 8508820360, Email ky.larkins@us.af.mil - David A. Jackson, Contract Specialist, Phone 8508820274, Email david.jackson.23@us.af.mil
<DESC>The Air Force Test Center, Installation Operational Contracting Division, Eglin AFB, Florida intends to solicit and award a firm-fixed price contract for the purchase of four (4) IAC Acoustics Model 254 Series Mini-Max Sound Shelters or equal. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared under Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, and supplemented by; FAR Part 8, Required Sources of Supplies and Services, FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, FAR Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures, and with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The announcement number is FM282391890377. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 334310 with a size standard of 750 Employees.  This is a small business set-aside; please identify your business size in your response based upon this standard. In accordance with the FAR 13.106-1(a) (2) offerors are notified that award will be made to the responsible offeror whose quote, conforming to the solicitation, provides the lowest price technically acceptable for the product and service, meeting or exceeding the standards set forth in the specifications below.
<p>1.	Requirement:</p>
<p>CLIN 0001: IAC Acoustics Model 254 Series Mini-Max Sound Shelter or equal - 4 each:</p>
<p>Salient Characteristics:<br />&bull;	Shipped fully assembled and equipped OR on-site assembly provided by vendor<br />&bull;	Able to pass through a standard door fully assembled (Max width: 36", Max Height: 83")<br />&bull;	Must have casters for positioning and repositioning the booths<br />&bull;	No less than 2.5" thick single walls <br />&bull;	Silent operation ventilation system designed for interior comfort <br />&bull;	Doors on opposite sides to accommodate different booth locations <br />&bull;	Viewing window for patient safety protocol - approximately 24" wide x 30" high<br />&bull;	Exterior attached shelf no less than 16" x 32"<br />&bull;	All four (4) units must be capable of simultaneous operation within a 22'L x 17'W space</p>
<p>Delivery of all items in regards to this procurement must be sent to:</p>
<p>Bldg. 3120 Drone St.<br />Duke Field, FL 32542</p>
<p>Delivery Schedule: 30 days ADC</p>
<p>*Quoted price should include FOB Destination.</p>
<p>In accordance with FAR 52.212-1(b) (4), offerors are reminded that as a minimum, offers must show a technical description of the items being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements in the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary. A technical evaluation will be performed after this posting has ended and before award.</p>
<p>Quoted price should be valid for 60 days.<br />The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2019-01, Defense Acquisition Circular (DPN 20180928) and Air Force Acquisition Circular (AFAC) 2018-0525. All FAR clauses may viewed in full text at www.acquisition.gov.  <br />FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management; (OCT 2018)<br />FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors - Commercial; (OCT 2018)<br />FAR 52.212-3, Alternate I, Offeror Representations and Certifications: (OCT 2018)<br />Offerors are reminded that an offeror shall complete only paragraphs (b) of this provision if the offeror has completed the annual representations and certificates electronically via http://www.acquisition.gov. If an offeror has not completed the annual representations and certifications electronically at the System for Award Management (SAM) website, the offeror shall complete only paragraphs (c) through (o) of this provision.<br />FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items; (OCT 2018)<br />FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders - <br />Commercial Items.  (OCT 2019)<br />The following clauses cited within this clause are applicable: <br />FAR 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards; (OCT 2018)<br />FAR 52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interests when Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment; (OCT 2015)<br />FAR 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; (NOV 2011)<br />FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting; (JAN 2017)<br />FAR 52.219-28, Post-Award Small Business Program Representation; (JUL 2013)	<br />FAR 52.222-3, Convict Labor;  (JUN 2003)<br />FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor - Cooperation With Authorities and Remedies;  (OCT 2019)<br />FAR 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities; (APR 2015)<br />FAR 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity; (SEP 2016)<br />FAR 52.222-36, Affirmative Action for Workers With Disabilities; (JUL 2014)<br />FAR 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons; (JAN 2019)<br />FAR 52.223-18, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving; (AUG 2011)<br />FAR 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases; (JUN 2008)<br />FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - System for Award Management; (OCT 2018)<br />FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders - <br />Commercial Items. (OCT 2019);<br />FAR 52.232-39, Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations; (JUN 2013)<br />FAR 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors; (DEC 2013)<br />FAR 52.233-3, Protest After Award; (AUG 1996)<br />FAR 52.247-34, F.O.B Destination; (NOV 1991)<br />FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference: www.acquisition.gov; (FEB 1998)<br />DFARS 252.203-7000, Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials; (SEP 2011)<br />DFARS 252.203-7002, Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights; (SEP 2013)<br />DFARS 252.203-7005, Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials;(NOV 2011)<br />DFARS 252.204-7003, Control of Government Personnel Work Product; (APR 1992)<br />DFARS 252.204-7004, Antiterrorism Awareness Training for Contractors. (FEB 2019)<br />DFARS 252.204-7008, Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls; (OCT 2016)<br />DFARS 252.204-7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting; (OCT 2016)<br />DFARS 252.204-7015, Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support; (MAY 2016)<br />DFARS 252.209-7998 (Dev), Representation Regarding Conviction of a Felony Criminal Violation under any Federal or State Law: (MAR 2012)<br />See Class Deviation 2012-O0007, Prohibition Against Contracting with Corporations that Have a Felony Conviction, dated March 9, 2012. Contracting officers shall include the provision at 252.209-7998 in all solicitations that will use funds made available by Division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012, including solicitations for acquisition of commercial items under FAR part 12, and shall apply the restrictions included in the deviation. This deviation is effective beginning March 9, 2012, and remains in effect until incorporated in the FAR or DFARS or otherwise rescinded.</p>
<p>DFARS 252.211-7003, Item Identification and Valuation; (MAR 2016)<br />DFARS 252.213-7000, Notice to Prospective Suppliers on the Use of Past Performance Information Retrieval System-Statistical Reporting in Past Performance Evaluations; (SEP 2019)<br />DFARS 252.223-7008, Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium; (JUN 2013)<br />DFARS 252.225-7001, Buy American Act and Balance of Payments Program; (DEC 2017)<br />DFARS 252.225-7002, Qualifying Country Sources as Subcontractors ; (DEC 2017)<br />DFARS 252.225-7048, Export Controlled Items; (JUN 2013)<br />DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests; (DEC 2018)<br />DFARS 252.232-7010, Levies on Contract Payments; (DEC 2006)<br />DFARS 252.239-7018, Supply Chain Risk; (FEB 2019)<br />DFARS 252.243-7001, Pricing of Contract Modifications; (DEC 1991)<br />DFARS 252.244-7000, Subcontracts for Commercial Items; (JUN 2013)<br />DFARS 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies by Sea; (FEB 2019)</p>
<p>AFFARS 5352.223-9000 ELIMINATION OF USE OF CLASS I OZONE DEPLETING SUBSTANCES (ODS) (OCT 2019)            <br />(a) Contractors shall not:<br />(1) Provide any service or product with any specification, standard, drawing, or other document that requires the use of a Class I ODS in the test, operation, or maintenance of any system, subsystem, item, component, or process; or<br />(2) Provide any specification, standard, drawing, or other document that establishes a test, operation, or maintenance requirement that can only be met by use of a Class I ODS as part of this contract/order.<br />[Note: This prohibition does not apply to manufacturing.]<br />(b) For the purposes of Air Force policy, the following products that are pure (i.e., they meet the relevant product specification identified in<br />AFI 32-7086) are Class I ODSs:<br />(1) Halons: 1011, 1202, 1211, 1301, and 2402;<br />(2) Chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs): CFC-11, CFC-12, CFC-13, CFC-111, CFC-112, CFC-113, CFC-114, CFC-115, CFC-211, CFC-212, CFC-213, CFC-214, CFC-215, CFC-216, and CFC-217, and the blends R-500, R-501, R-502, and R-503; and<br />(3) Carbon Tetrachloride, Methyl Chloroform, and Methyl Bromide.</p>
<p>[NOTE: Material that uses one or more of these Class I ODSs as minor constituents do not meet the Air Force definition of a Class I ODS.]</p>
<p>(End of clause)</p>
<p>AFFARS 5352.201-9101 OMBUDSMAN (JUN 2016)<br />(a) An ombudsman has been appointed to hear and facilitate the resolution of concerns from offerors, potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. When requested, the ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The existence of the ombudsman does not affect the authority of the program manager, contracting officer, or source selection official. Further, the ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals, the source selection process, or the adjudication of protests or formal contract disputes. The ombudsman may refer the interested party to another official who can resolve the concern.<br />(b) Before consulting with an ombudsman, interested parties must first address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the contracting officer for resolution. Consulting an ombudsman does not alter or postpone the timelines for any other processes (e.g., agency level bid protests, GAO bid protests, requests for debriefings, employee-employer actions, contests of OMB Circular A-76 competition performance decisions).<br />(c) If resolution cannot be made by the contracting officer, the interested party may contact the ombudsman, Ms. Karen L. Zang AFMC/AFTC/PK, 10 South Seller Avenue, Bldg 2800, Edwards AFB, CA 93524-3784, phone number (661) 277-7593, facsimile number (661) 277-7593. Concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations that cannot be resolved at the Center/MAJCOM/DRU/HQ AFICA/SMC ombudsman level, may be brought by the interested party for further consideration to the Air Force ombudsman, Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary (ADAS) (Contracting), SAF/AQC, 1060 Air Force Pentagon, Washington DC 20330-1060, phone number (571) 256-2395, facsimile number (571) 256-2431.<br />(d) The ombudsman has no authority to render a decision that binds the agency.<br />(e) Do not contact the ombudsman to request copies of the solicitation, verify offer due date, or clarify technical requirements. Such inquiries shall be directed to the Contracting Officer.</p>
<p>(End of clause)</p>
<p>To view the provisions and clauses in full text, visit the web site www.acquisition.gov</p>
<p>Vendors must be registered in System for Award Management (www.sam.gov) before award can be made.  Questions are due no later than 4:00 P.M. Central Standard Time 18 Nov 2019.  Send all packages via email to Ky Larkins at ky.larkins@us.af.mil.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/d6447a6a0b7f28a827cceba3aa7f18e4
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>32542
<POPADDRESS>Bldg. 3120 Drone St.
Duke Field, FL
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>63
<NAICS>334290
<OFFADD>334290
<SUBJECT>63--SENSING ELEMENT,FIR
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T4689
<RESPDATE>111419
<ARCHDATE>12142019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6340011850002 SENSING ELEMENT,FIR:
Line 0001 Qty 8.000  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION SAN DIEGO By: 0067 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 43.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION SAN DIEGO By: 0067 DAYS ADOApproved source is 61432 51224-127.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T4689/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>14
<NAICS>336419
<OFFADD>336419
<SUBJECT>14--FRAME ASSEMBLY
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T4704
<RESPDATE>111919
<ARCHDATE>12192019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1420011268597 FRAME ASSEMBLY:
Line 0001 Qty 75.00  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DIST SAN JOAQUIN By: 0239 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DIST SAN JOAQUIN By: 0075 DAYS ADOAll responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T4704/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>42
<NAICS>325998
<OFFADD>325998
<SUBJECT>42--SPILL CLEAN-UP KIT,
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T4753
<RESPDATE>111219
<ARCHDATE>12122019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4235014237214 SPILL CLEAN-UP KIT,:
Line 0001 Qty 60.00  UI KT  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DIST SAN JOAQUIN By: 0119 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 496.0  UI KT  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DIST SAN JOAQUIN By: 0119 DAYS ADOApproved sources are 04WN4 11055; 05CA7 NSSK055; 07TH4 11055; 09FT3 PASK55; 0AN94 SKA-55/SP2; 0NH54 55 GALLON RESPONSE KIT; 1TKG2 STS-KIT55.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T4753/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>15--PARTS KIT,FUEL TANK
<SOLNBR>SPE4A720T1661
<RESPDATE>120619
<ARCHDATE>01052020
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560013226206 PARTS KIT,FUEL TANK:
Line 0001 Qty 4.000  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0766 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0450 DAYS ADOAll responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A720T1661/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>16--COVER,SPECIAL
<SOLNBR>SPE4A720T1666
<RESPDATE>120619
<ARCHDATE>01052020
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1680016423392 COVER,SPECIAL:
Line 0001 Qty 13.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION JACKSONVILLE By: 0389 DAYS ADOApproved sources are 76301 74A586540-1001; 76823 74A586540-1001.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A720T1666/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>15--FAIRING,AIRCRAFT
<SOLNBR>SPE4A020T0266
<RESPDATE>010320
<ARCHDATE>02022020
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560016051123 FAIRING,AIRCRAFT:
Line 0001 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: 0000 HQ HQ     ARCENT BAGRAM 1 By: 0005 DAYS ADOApproved source is 8V613 7-511140410-101.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A020T0266/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>31
<NAICS>332991
<OFFADD>332991
<SUBJECT>31--BEARING, ROLLER, NEEDL
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T4703
<RESPDATE>111919
<ARCHDATE>12192019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 3110008514276 BEARING, ROLLER, NEEDL:
Line 0001 Qty 1050.  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION ANNISTON By: 0622 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION ANNISTON By: 0090 DAYS ADOAll responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T4703/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>61
<NAICS>334419
<OFFADD>334419
<SUBJECT>61--CABLE ASSEMBLY,POWE
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T4729
<RESPDATE>111919
<ARCHDATE>12192019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6150013331424 CABLE ASSEMBLY,POWE:
Line 0001 Qty 47.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION JACKSONVILLE By: 0124 DAYS ADOThis is a source controlled drawing item.  Approved sources are 09526 AA3022-2; 24735 AA3022-2.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. The items furnished must meet the requirements of the drawing cited in the solicitation. Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T4729/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>15--SKIN,AIRCRAFT
<SOLNBR>SPE4A720T1660
<RESPDATE>111919
<ARCHDATE>12192019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560016560908 SKIN,AIRCRAFT:
Line 0001 Qty 11.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION DEPOT HILL By: 0437 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION DEPOT HILL By: 0136 DAYS ADOAll responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A720T1660/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>15--LONGERON
<SOLNBR>SPE4A720T1665
<RESPDATE>111919
<ARCHDATE>12192019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560016206832 LONGERON:
Line 0001 Qty 5.000  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION WARNER ROBINS By: 0579 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION WARNER ROBINS By: 0179 DAYS ADOAll responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A720T1665/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>53
<NAICS>332999
<OFFADD>332999
<SUBJECT>53--BUSHING,SLEEVE
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T4719
<RESPDATE>111919
<ARCHDATE>12192019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5365016068543 BUSHING,SLEEVE:
Line 0001 Qty 213.0  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0159 DAYS ADOThe solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T4719/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>14
<NAICS>336419
<OFFADD>336419
<SUBJECT>14--LOCK,SEAT,COOLENT,MISS
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T4750
<RESPDATE>111219
<ARCHDATE>12122019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1420010415848 LOCK,SEAT,COOLENT,MISS:
Line 0001 Qty 4320.  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION DEPOT HILL By: 0166 DAYS ADOThe solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T4750/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>336412
<SUBJECT>29--PARTS KIT,FUEL CONT
<SOLNBR>SPE4A720T1646
<RESPDATE>111919
<ARCHDATE>12192019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 2915008025834 PARTS KIT,FUEL CONT:
Line 0001 Qty 86.00  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0322 DAYS ADOThe solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available.  Digitized drawings and Military Specifications and Standards may be retrieved, or ordered, electronically.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A720T1646/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>61
<NAICS>335999
<OFFADD>335999
<SUBJECT>61--CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T4720
<RESPDATE>111919
<ARCHDATE>12192019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 6150011368857 CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC:
Line 0001 Qty 17.00  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0426 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0346 DAYS ADOAll responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T4720/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>334419
<OFFADD>334419
<SUBJECT>59--CABLE ASSEMBLY,RADI
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T4757
<RESPDATE>111919
<ARCHDATE>12192019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5995012251660 CABLE ASSEMBLY,RADI:
Line 0001 Qty 3110.  UI EA  Deliver To: INDUSTRIES OF THE BLIND INC By: 0364 DAYS ADOLine 0002 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: INDUSTRIES OF THE BLIND INC By: 0090 DAYS ADOAll responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T4757/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1103
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>15--DOOR,AIRCRAFT
<SOLNBR>SPE4A720T1647
<RESPDATE>111919
<ARCHDATE>12192019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560007958782 DOOR,AIRCRAFT:
Line 0001 Qty 8.000  UI E