# FBOFeed20191023

<PRESOL>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>AFICC
<LOCATION>AFICC - CONUS
<ZIP>45433
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>562910
<OFFADD>1940 Allbrook, Building 1, Room 627 WPAFB OH 45433
<SUBJECT>BRAC Environmental Construction Optimization Services (BECOS)
<SOLNBR>FA8903-20-R-0002
<CONTACT>Robert W. Neeb, Contract Specialist, Phone 2103958720, Email robert.neeb.2@us.af.mil - Alicia Kooda, Contract Specialist, Phone 2103958675, Email alicia.kooda@us.af.mil
<DESC>THIS IS A PRE&#8208;SOLICITATION NOTICE FOR PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND INCLUDES DRAFT REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL INFORMATION.
<p>PRE&#8208;SOLICITATION NOTICE:</p>
<p>THIS IS NOT A FORMAL SOLICITATION FOR A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP). PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT A PROPOSAL.<br /><br />This Pre&#8208;Solicitation Notice is being issued for the purpose of advising potential Offerors of the Government's requirement for follow&#8208;on contracts to current Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) environmental remediation activities at 40 BRAC installations. This new effort will effectively be called the BRAC Environmental Construction Optimization Services (BECOS). The subject pre&#8208;solicitation notice is to provide information for early planning and does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise, that a procurement action will be issued. There is no entitlement to payment by the Government of direct or indirect costs or charges that arise as a result of the provision<br />of this information. Note that official information concerning this pre&#8208;solicitation will be provided by the Contracting Officer only.</p>
<p>GENERAL INFORMATION: The 772d Enterprise Sourcing Squadron/Environmental Services (772 ESS/PKS) in conjunction with the Air Force Civil Engineer Center (AFCEC), at Joint Base San Antonio&#8208;Lackland, TX, is contemplating a performance&#8208;based approach for follow&#8208;on contracts to current Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) environmental remediation activities at 40 BRAC installations. These performance based remediation (PBR) efforts support the AFCEC BRAC mission and enhance BRAC program capabilities within AFCEC Program Execution Branch<br />(AFCEC/CIB). The requirements support a variety of environmental restoration services and construction necessary to maintain regulatory selected remedies, implement optimization to enhance remedial progress, and advance sites to completion in a cost effective manner. The efforts will be executed in accordance with technical and regulatory requirements to ensure protection of human health and the environment. At present this work is accomplished through multiple PBR task orders (TO's) at multiple installations managed by the BRAC/CIB, Joint Base San Antonio - Lackland and the BECOS efforts will transition from the existing PBR contracts/task orders.</p>
<p>This effort is a validated FY20 requirement; however, funds are not currently available. The Government reserves the right to cancel this requirement at any time. Should the Air Force determine to proceed with this requirement, it will be processed using FAR Part 15 procedures and will result in a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) with Cost Reimbursable<br />(CR) CLINs, "D" type contract. The requirement will be issued as a single RFP with&nbsp; intention to award six (6) individual single&#8208;award Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity contracts, one (1) per annotated region that will include: Full/Open, 8(a) Small Business set&#8208;aside, and 100% Small Business set&#8208;aside. Offerors may be selected for award of one (1), or maximum of two (2) for which they propose. A formal solicitation will be finalized and posted to FedBizOpps at a later date. No formal Request for Proposal has been issued to&#8208;date.</p>
<p>PROJECT NARRATIVE: The 772 ESS/PKS in conjunction with AFCEC is considering a performance based remediation (PBR) effort as a natural follow to the current multiple PBR task orders (TOs) at multiple Air Force installations managed under the BRAC Program Execution Branch. This new effort will combine the current TO efforts at multiple BRAC installations into regional groupings. The focus of this contractual design is to promote implementation of cost effective solutions and sustainable life cycle cost reductions. The BECOS effort will permit implementation of realistic, relevant, and technically sound remediation approaches focused on advancing sites to completion through the achievement of a range of AF established site&#8208;specific objectives. The BECOS requirement includes five Continental United States (CONUS) regions and Galena, AK. The focus of this acquisition will be the combined solicitation of the five CONUS regions and the OCONUS Galena, AK region. The awarded contractors shall perform all necessary activities as required to meet the performance objectives of the Final Performance Work Statement(s) (PWS). All documents related to this effort can be located on FBO. The ID/IQ will include a 10&#8208;year Period of Performance (PoP) anticipated to run from 31 July 2020 through 30 July 2030. The anticipated initial ordering period ranges from 31 July 2020 to 30 July 2025. The ID/IQ will include the option to extend the ordering period an additional three (3) years, through 30 July 2028. The contract will permit performance up to 2&#8208;years after the end of the ordering period to complete existing task orders by 30 July 2030.</p>
<p>ORGANIZATIONAL CONFLICT OF INTEREST (OCI): An organizational conflict of interest may result when factors create an actual or potential conflict of interest on a contract, or where the nature of the work to be performed on the contract creates an actual or potential conflict of interest on a future acquisition. Some restrictions may apply to<br />your firm under the proposed future action. In accordance with the parameters set forth in FAR Subpart 9.5, the Contracting Officer must ensure that there are no conflicting roles that might bias a contractor's judgment and must ensure that an OCI does not give rise to an unfair competitive advantage. OCIs may exist in the following three ways.</p>
<p>a. Unequal access to information &#8208; access to non&#8208;public information that gives a contractor an unfair competitive advantage.</p>
<p>b. Biased ground rules &#8208; when a contractor has in some sense set the ground rules for another procurement action creating the potential that the contractor may have tilted the playing field in the new competition (usually toward its own strengths and away from its weaknesses).</p>
<p>c. Impaired objectivity &#8208; when the contract requires exercise of judgment and the independence of its judgment may be affected (e.g., when the contractor may be required to evaluate its own work in a way that could be adverse to its economic interests). Please keep in mind OCI or potential OCI issues your firm (including all subsidiaries, legacy companies, teaming partners, and subcontractors) may have with respect to the scope of effort at these sites.</p>
<p>THIS IS A REQUEST FOR SUBMISSION OF QUESTIONS CONCERNING A DRAFT RFP FOR PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY.</p>
<p>THIS REQUEST IS NOT A FINAL SOLICITATION.</p>
<p>****PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT A PROPOSAL*****<br />Information regarding the Draft RFP is included in this pre&#8208;solicitation notice for the purpose of obtaining industry feedback. Response to the request for questions is strictly voluntary and will not affect any firm's ability to submit an offer if, or when, a Final Solicitation is released. However, we highly encourage you to reply. The request is for planning purposes only and does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise, that a procurement action will be issued. There is no entitlement to payment by the Government of direct or indirect costs or charges that arise as a result of the submission of information in response to this notice. The Government shall not be liable for or suffer any consequential damages for any improperly identified proprietary information. Proprietary information will be safeguarded in accordance with the applicable Government regulations.</p>
<p>1. Firms will not be reimbursed for proposal costs incurred.</p>
<p>2. Request for Questions: The Government anticipates a Final Solicitation to be released in November 2019. This notification is provided to allow early review of DRAFT RFP documentation for this requirement. Questions concerning the DRAFT RFP are due by 10:00 AM CT on 04 November 2019. Questions/Comments regarding the DRAFT RFP MUST be submitted on the Questions and Answers Spreadsheet provided and sent to: alicia.kooda@us.af.mil, and robert.neeb.2@us.af.mil. The government will collect all submitted questions/comments, and provide them with the government's response as an attachment to the final solicitation.</p>
<p>3. If your firm elects to participate in the proposal process for this requirement and the projects are not funded, you shall not be entitled to submit any claim for bid and/or proposal costs. The Government reserves the right to cancel this requirement at any time.</p>
<p>4. Contractor Registration and Representations and Certifications: Please be advised of online registration requirement in System for Award Management &#8208; Central Contractor Registration (CCR) database http://federalcontractorregistry.com/sam&#8208;ccr&#8208;status&#8208;check/. Representations and certifications are required to be updated annually as a minimum to keep information current, accurate and complete.</p>
<p>5. Availability of DRAFT Documents: Copies of the DRAFT solicitation are available by INTERNET ACCESS ONLY. All DRAFT documents will be posted and made available for viewing in FedBizOpps (http://www.fbo.gov).</p>
<p>6. The Procuring Contracting Office is:</p>
<p>772 Enterprise Sourcing Squadron (ESS/PKS)<br />2261 Hughes Ave, Ste 163<br />JBSA Lackland, TX 78236&#8208;9853</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/8e077fcd69db03cccc259e9c1c6a2cf7
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPADDRESS>CONUS and Alaska
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Agricultural Research Service
<LOCATION>Pacific West Area
<ZIP>Total Small Business
<CLASSCOD>C
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>
<SUBJECT>A&E IDIQ Pacific West Area
<SOLNBR>12905B20R0001
<CONTACT>Jeffery A. Ridenour, Contract Specialist, Phone (309) 363-5914, Email jeffery.ridenour@usda.gov
<DESC>This is a pre-solicitation notice.
<p>The USDA, Agricultural Research Service (ARS) has a requirement for an Indefinite Quantity Contract (IQC) for Engineering Design and Construction Management/Administration Services for repair and maintenance, alteration, and/or new construction projects (including greenhouses and specialized farm buildings) for its research laboratory facilities located throughout the Pacific West Area (PWA);</p>
<p>1) Pacific West Area North - includes facilities in Washington, Oregon, Idaho, and Utah;<br />2) Pacific West Area South - includes facilities in Arizona, Riverside, CA, and Hawaii;<br />3) Pacific West Area Central - includes facilities in Albany, CA, Davis, CA, Salinas, CA, Parlier, CA, and Reno, NV;</p>
<p>Services under the contract will include, but are not limited to, energy-related studies, environmental site assessments and studies, building and/or site investigations/studies, feasibility and conceptual studies,<br />geotechnical investigations, radon testing, asbestos and other hazardous materials abatement, life cycle cost analyses, engineering design criteria development, statements of work/program of requirements development, design analyses, designs, construction drawings, specifications (including specifications for design-build), detailed cost estimates and analyses, bidding phase services, construction management/administration (including on-site construction management/administration, bid evaluations, shop drawings and submittals review and approval), construction inspection and/or monitoring, design review, technical consultation, field surveys, engineering reports, and computer-aided drafting.</p>
<p>The contract shall be for a period of 12 months from date of award, with options for four (4) additional 12-month periods. Delivery orders will be issued for each individual project. The annual amount of the contract will be a minimum of $1,000 and will not exceed $4,000,000. The cumulative amount of all delivery/task orders will be a minimum of $1,000 and will not exceed $20,000,000 over the life of the contract.</p>
<p>The Government anticipates award of one Indefinite Quantity Contract per Area; however, the Government reserves the right to award more than one contract per Area at its discretion. Individual funded requirements will be awarded through the issuance of Task Orders; however, no project exist currently. A solicitation will be issued on or about November 5, 2019.</p>
<p>Consideration of firms will be limited to those firms who can provide professional A-E services primarily in the disciplines of architectural, civil, structural, mechanical, electrical and environmental engineering for pre-design, design and post-design A-E services for research laboratory facilities, including greenhouses and specialized farm buildings such as breeding and rearing facilities, barns, stock-watering systems/facilities, etc.</p>
<p>The following specific factors will form the basis for evaluation and determination of those highly qualified firms and selection of the best qualified. All factors are weighted by importance, individual factor weights are listed with each factor description:</p>
<p>1)Specialized experience and technical competence in the type of work required to alter or repair facilities in support of agricultural research in laboratory and field settings, including, where appropriate, pollution prevention, waste reduction, and the use of recovered materials. Experience in the inclusion of energy-saving and sustainable features into the design, as shown by the use of the requirements of ASHRAE 90.1, EPACT 2005, Executive Order No. 13693 and LEED. Various tasks include: Mechanical, Electrical, Structural, Civil, Retro-Commissioning, and Construction Management Services.</p>
<p>2)Professional qualifications; including general education, training and experience of the Design A-E and its primary consultants necessary for satisfactory performance of required services. Professional Licenses of Team Members in the states of California, and Arizona is required.</p>
<p>3)The capacity of the Design A-E and its consultants, in terms of numbers and diversity of in-house disciplines and resources, to accomplish all work on schedule and to successfully manage multiple task orders simultaneously.</p>
<p>4)Past performance on similar contracts with Government agencies and private industry in terms of cost control, quality control, compliance with performance schedules, and demonstrated ability to successfully coordinate all planning, design, bid and construction phase work with all subcontractors, and to communicate effectively with the customer on project progress issues. Demonstrated ability in: quality assurance work, "punch lists," commissioning services, final inspections; and Record Drawings is vital.</p>
<p>5)Location of a major offices within geographic proximity to ARS Area Headquarters; Co-location of the offices of the consultants in the same general location as the Design A-E is preferred. Firms shall describe their procedures for coordinating project activities with consultants and subconsultants which are not co-located within the same general location of the firm.</p>
<p>The NAICS code is 541330, and the small business size is $15.0 million or less in average annual receipts. This requirement is being competed to all small businesses who are qualified and responsible A-E firms.</p>
<p>Personal visits for the purpose of discussing this requirement are strongly discouraged and will NOT be scheduled.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/bd9703654c71f93dbe3167edeffc39be
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPADDRESS>Pacific West Area
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Education and Training Command
<LOCATION>Keesler AFB, 81st Contracting Squadron
<ZIP>39534-2147
<CLASSCOD>G
<NAICS>813110
<OFFADD>310 M Street Rm 102 Keesler AFB MS 39534-2147
<SUBJECT>Airman Ministry Center (AMC) Lighthouse Coordinator
<SOLNBR>FA301020R0004
<RESPDATE>110719
<CONTACT>Amanda Cerda, Contract Specialist, Phone 2283771818, Email amanda.cerda@us.af.mil - Kimberley L. Alvarez, Contracting Officer, Phone (228) 377-1837, Email kimberley.alvarez.1@us.af.mil
<DESC><p align="left">This notice serves to announce the intent of the 81st Contracting Squadron to issue a solicitation for an Airman Ministry Center (AMC) Lighthouse Coordinator at Keesler Air Force Base (KAFB), Mississippi. Performance shall be IAW the requirements contained in the Performance Work Statement (PWS). The period of performance for this requirement is one base year (1 Dec 2019 - 30 Nov 2020) plus 4 option years.</p>
<p align="left">The applicable NAICS code for this acquisition is 813110 (Religious Organizations) and the size standard is $7.5M. The acquisition will be solicited as a commercial service using Simplified Acquisition Procedures under the authority of FAR 13.5.</p>
<p align="left">The PWS will be posted with the solicitation at www.FedBizOpps.gov on or about 24 Oct 2019. The solicitation may be posted earlier or later. Once the solicitation is posted it is up to the interested party to review the site frequently for any updates/amendments to any and all documents; as well as verifying the number of amendments issued prior to the due date for proposals. No paper copies of the solicitation will be available and no electronic or verbal responses to this synopsis will be accepted.</p>
<p align="left">The Government anticipates award of a firm-fixed price contract as a result of the solicitation. The solicitation may be downloaded from FedBizOpps, since copies of the solicitation will not be available for mailing. All prospective offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award of contract with any DoD agency. Registration may be accomplished at http://www.sam.gov/. Any interested party may submit a proposal which will be considered by this organization.</p>
<p>Proposal questions will only be accepted once the solicitation is posted. All proposal questions must be in writing, and answers will be posted for all interested parties to review. Address any and all questions to the attention of Amanda Cerda, by email at amanda.cerda@us.af.mil.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AETC/KAFBCS/FA301020R0004/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>39534
<POPADDRESS>
Keesler AFB, MS
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0409
<YEAR>18
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFLCMC / AFSC / AFNWC - HILL AFB
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>DLA AVIATION - OGDEN; 6051 GUM LANE BLDG 1225; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056
<SUBJECT>16--LUG,TOWING,NOSE GEA
<SOLNBR>SPRHA1-18-R-0813
<RESPDATE>042418
<CONTACT>Michelle L Parker, Phone 385-519-8190, Fax 801-777-5299, Email michelle.parker.2@us.af.mil

<a href="mailto:michelle.parker.2@us.af.mil">Michelle Parker</a>
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD20201800813 Line Item: 0001 NSN: 1620003042000RE LUG,TOWING,NOSE GEA P/N: 5-86524, Description: To tow aircraft Supp. Description: KC-135 Quantity: 46.0000 EA Applicable to: None
Line Item: 0001AA TEST REPORT IAW DD 1423-1 ATTACHED HERETO Quantity: 1.0000 LO

PR Number(s): FD20201800813 Line Item: 0001AB FIRST ARTICLE - SAME AS BASIC LINE ITEM ABOVE Quantity: 1.0000 EA
Delivery: *155 Calendar Days   *ARO Contract   Destn: FB2029,HILL AIR FORCE BASE,UT ,84056-5713.    Quantity: 1.00   Unit of Issue: EA
PR Number(s): FD20201800813 Line Item: 0001AC PRODUCTION ARTICLE - SAME AS BASIC LINE ITEM ABOVE Quantity: 45.0000 EA
Delivery: *120 Calendar Days   *ARO Approval of First Article   Destn: SW3210,HILL AFB              UT 84056-5734,49 ,84056-5734.    Quantity: 45.00   Unit of Issue: EA
PR Number(s): FD20201800813 Line Item: 0001AD PRODUCTION ARTICLE - SAME AS BASIC LINE ITEM ABOVE Quantity: 46.0000 EA
Delivery: *13 Months   *ARO Contract   Destn: SW3210,HILL AFB              UT 84056-5734,49 ,84056-5734.    Quantity: 46.00   Unit of Issue: EA
Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation. 
To: MACHINE SPECIALTIES, INC., WHITSETT, NC.,27377-9215. To: LOGISTICAL SUPPORT, LLC, CHATSWORTH, CA.,91311-6029. To: AEROMETALS, INC., EL DORADO HILLS, CA.,95762-9652.  To:  Triumph Structures-Los Angeles, Inc., City of Industry, CA 91745.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/SPRHA1-18-R-0813/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<EMAIL>
<EMAIL>michelle.parker.2@us.af.mil
<DESC>Michelle Parker
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0204
<YEAR>15
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFRL/PZL - WPAFB
<ZIP>45433
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541712
<OFFADD>AFRL/RQK
2130 Eighth Street, Building 45 Wright-Patterson AFB OH 45433
<SUBJECT>CERTIFICATION OF COMPOSITES - COMPOSITE AIRFRAME LIFE EXTENSION
<SOLNBR>BAA-RQKPD-2015-0001
<CONTACT>Ryan Huffman, Contract Negotiator, Phone 937-713-9927, Email ryan.huffman@us.af.mil - Jennifer Kleiv, Contracting Officer, Phone 937-713-9975, Email jennifer.kleiv.1@us.af.mil
<DESC>The Composite Airframe Life Extension (CALE) program will concentrate on identifying, developing, demonstrating and validating technology that will allow USAF airframe structural integrity managers to safely extend the certified service lives of airframes currently in the USAF fleet that contain advanced composite primary structure, without widespread replacement of aged structure with new, and without repeating an extensive, complex building block demonstration process. The CALE program will identify and develop technology to know and/or predict the residual strength, durability and damage tolerance, and reliability of advanced composite structure throughout the original, and if required new service life of the airframe.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFRLWRS/BAA-RQKPD-2015-0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>SYNOPSIS 
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-R-0034
<RESPDATE>112519
<CONTACT>Patrick Wayne McGowan, Contract Specialist, Phone 4057348251, Email patrick.mcgowan@us.af.mil
<DESC>&nbsp;
<p style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none" align="center"><span style="COLOR: black">Synopsis</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none" align="center"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-ALIGN: center; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none" align="center"><span style="COLOR: black">PR: FD2030-20-00122</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">1. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Estimated issue date and estimated closing/response date</span></span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: blue"><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span></span><span style="COLOR: black">Issued 23 October 2019 </span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">Closes 23 November 2019</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">2. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">RFP# </span></span><span style="COLOR: blue">SPRTA1</span><span style="COLOR: black">-20-R-0034</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">3<strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal">. </strong></span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Service/Spare/Repair/OH -</span></span><strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal"><span style="COLOR: blue"> </span></strong></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal"><span style="COLOR: blue">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: blue">4. <span style="text-decoration: underline;">AMC -</span> 3P</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">5. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Noun:</span></span><span style="COLOR: black"> </span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Servocylinder</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">6. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">NSN -</span></span><span style="COLOR: blue"> </span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">1650-01-013-2885</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none; tab-stops: 132.75pt"><span style="COLOR: black">7. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">PN -</span></span><span style="COLOR: blue"> </span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">2733561</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none; tab-stops: 132.75pt"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">8. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Description:</span></span><span style="COLOR: blue"> </span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="COLOR: black">9. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Total Line Item Quantity</span></span><span style="COLOR: blue">:</span><span style="COLOR: black"> L/I 0001 - Min 7- Max 42<span style="mso-tab-count: 1">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">10. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Application (Engine or Aircraft) -</span></span><span style="COLOR: blue"> A-10</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none; tab-stops: 148.5pt"><span style="COLOR: black">11. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Destination</span></span><span style="COLOR: black">:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>SW3210</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none; tab-stops: 148.5pt"><em style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal"><span style="COLOR: red">&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none; tab-stops: center 3.0in"><span style="COLOR: black">12. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Delivery</span></span><span style="COLOR: black">: 28/ on or before 30 March 2020</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">13. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Qualification Requirements:</span></span><span style="COLOR: blue"><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span><span style="COLOR: #0d0d0d">Do Not E</span><span style="COLOR: black">xist <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">14. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Export Control:</span></span><span style="COLOR: blue"> </span><span style="COLOR: black"><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>N/A</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">15. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">UID: Note to Contractor:</span></span><span style="COLOR: blue"> </span><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>If unit price exceeds $5,000 then UID requirements will apply.<span style="COLOR: blue"> </span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: blue">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">16. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Qualified Sources:</span></span><span style="COLOR: blue"> </span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Parker Hannifin (Cage Code: 82106)</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">17. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Set Aside:</span></span><span style="COLOR: blue"><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span><span style="COLOR: #0d0d0d">N/A</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: blue">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: #0d0d0d">18. </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Mandatory Language</span></span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue"><span style="TEXT-DECORATION: none">&nbsp;</span></span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">In accordance with FAR 5.207 (c) (15) (ii); all responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency.</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none">Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice.</p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none">&nbsp;</p>
<p>Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at (405) 734-8241. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS.</p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Authority: 10 U.S.C. 2304(C)(1), Justification: Supplies (or Services) required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302. Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. A Determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none">Government's obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer.</p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none">It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contact with the firm listed.</p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none">&nbsp;</p>
<p>Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. Hardcopies of the solicitation will not be sent from this office. The solicitation will be available for download only at www.fbo.gov. Questions concerning this synopsis or subsequent solicitation can be directed to Patrick McGowan at (405) 734-8120; fax (405) 734-8129, or e-mail <a>patrick.mcgowan@us.af.mil</a>.</p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="COLOR: black">&nbsp;</span></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-R-0034/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>VANE SEGMENT,COMPRE
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-Q-0045
<RESPDATE>112319
<CONTACT>Antonino D Lenora, Contract Negotiator, Phone 405-739-5408, Fax 405-739-5408, Email antonino.lenora@us.af.mil
<DESC>See Solicitation Documents
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-Q-0045/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Rotor and Shaft Pum (AMC 4D)
<SOLNBR>SPRTA120Q0046
<RESPDATE>112519
<CONTACT>Breann  Irving, Contracting Officer, Phone 4058553522, Email Breann.Irving@us.af.mil
<DESC>NSN: 4320016061031JF<br />Part number: 5007770<br />Noun: ROTOR AND SHAFT PUM
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA120Q0046/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0305
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>DLA AVIATION AT OKLAHOMA CITY, OK; DLR PROCUREMENT OPERATIONS (AO);3001 STAFF DRIVE; TINKER AFB; OK; 73145
<SUBJECT>59-- ELECTRICAL and ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT COMPONENTS
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-19-Q-0333
<RESPDATE>040419
<CONTACT>Gerard  Harrigan, Phone 405-739-9072, Fax    -   -    , Email gerard.harrigan@us.af.mil

<a href="mailto:gerard.harrigan@us.af.mil">Gerard Harrigan</a>
<DESC>NO SYNOPSIS IS REQUIRED IAW FAR 5.101(a)(1), which provides that a synopsis is not required when the proposed contract action is for an amount not expected to exceed $25,000.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-19-Q-0333/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<EMAIL>
<EMAIL>gerard.harrigan@us.af.mil
<DESC>Gerard Harrigan
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>49
<NAICS>333414
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Hot Bonder Kits
<SOLNBR>FA812520Q0010
<RESPDATE>103119
<ARCHDATE>12312019
<CONTACT>Anthony J. Cotto, Contracting Specialist, Phone 4057392927, Email anthony.cotto.1@us.af.mil - Jason Shirazi, Contracting Officer, Email Jason.Shirazi@tinker.af.mil
<DESC><span style="FONT-SIZE: 7.5pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">This is a Pre-Solicitation notice for a "Hot Bonder Kits" as an other than full and open competition sole source procurement.</span>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 7.5pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">No quotes can be accepted until the Solicitation has been posted.</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 7.5pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Once the solicitation is posted, please make sure all provisions and clauses are appropriately filled in (where applicable), when submitting a quote in. Please send in the actual solicitation completed along with any other documentation to support your company's quote. Please make sure information stated is readable and legible. This is a Firm Fixed Price procurement, so please state the price on your quote as all inclusive of everything.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>( i.e. shipping, taxes, fees, etc.)</span></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA812520Q0010/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>73145
<POPADDRESS>
Tinker Air Force Base, OK
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>YAW DAMPER COMPUTER
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-Q-0030
<ARCHDATE>05292020
<CONTACT>Brian Johnson, Contract Negotiator , Phone 405-855-3541, Email brian.johnson.98@us.af.mil
<DESC>Synopsis not required
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-Q-0030/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Gyroscope Control
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-R-0032
<ARCHDATE>09302020
<CONTACT>Brian Johnson, Contract Negotiator , Phone 4057348110, Email brian.johnson.98@us.af.mil
<DESC>General Synopsis: <br />The approximate solicitation issue date will be 8 November 2019.
<p><br />Ombudsman:<br />Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from Offerors or potential Offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at 405) 855-3556. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS.</p>
<p><br />New Manufactured Material (Sole Source): A firm fixed price type contract is contemplated.  The items, estimated quantities and required deliveries are as follows:</p>
<p>Line Item 0001:<br />PR Number(s): FD20302000048ADV<br />NSN: 6615012444251 CONTROL,GYROSCOPE,A<br />P/N: 478710-04-02, <br />Description: The RSA (FO-1) provides the AFCS with triplex signals proportional to aircraft pitch, roll and yaw r...<br />Supp. Description: metal and electronic components<br />Delivery: 29 APR 2022 On or Before<br />Best Estimated Qty: 7. EA<br />Destn: SW3211,TINKER AFB, OK 73145-8000.</p>
<p>Non-Commercial:<br />Based on market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services.  However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice.</p>
<p><br />Sole Source: This is a sole source requirement</p>
<p>Funds:<br />FY20 funds apply to this requirement. No award can be made until FY20 funds become available IAW FAR 52.232-18 AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS</p>
<p>Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.</p>
<p>IAW FAR 5.207(c)(16)(ii), All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-R-0032/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command
<LOCATION>ACC - RI (W52P1J)
<ZIP>61299-8000
<CLASSCOD>81
<NAICS>326140
<OFFADD>3055 Rodman Avenue Rock Island IL 61299-8000
<SUBJECT>Synopsis - W52P1J-20-R-3004 - Inner Packing
<SOLNBR>W52P1J-20-R-3004
<RESPDATE>110719
<CONTACT>Carly Frye, Contract Specialist, Phone 3097825464, Email carly.c.frye.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>&nbsp;
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Synopsis for Inner Packing<br /><br /><br /></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">The Army Contracting Command - Rock Island (ACC-RI) intends to issue Request for Proposal (RFP) W52P1J-20-R-3004. This Solicitation will be issued as a 100% Small Business Set-Aside under NAICS 326140; size standard is 1000 employees. The item being purchased is Inner Packing, Part Number: 2000-1538:3XUS9 in accordance with (IAW) </span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">drawing 36-3-144 Rev B dated 2 June 2010 and drawing 36-3-145 dated 03 July 2007 Rev A.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Drawing 36-3-144 Rev B shall be interpreted IAW ASME Y14.100 with the addition of appendices B through E and shall be in accordance with ASME Y14.5 - dated 1994.</span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: "> Drawing 36-3-144 Rev B dated 2 June 2010 for this requirement is restricted and will be available by going to the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website www.fbo.gov when the solicitation is posted. Contractors must have an FBO account prior to accessing any Technical Data Package (TDP). ACC-RI will no longer make TDPs available to order via CD-ROMS.<br /><br /><br /></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">FOB is Destination to Pine Bluff Arsenal, Pine Bluff, Arkansas.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>The proposed contract will be awarded based on a Lowest Total Evaluated Price, and will result in a five (5) year Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) award.</span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: "> The guaranteed minimum quantity is 1,000 each with a maximum quantity of 100,000 each over the life of the contract. First Article Testing (FAT) will be required with a FAT delivery date of 30 days after award. <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Delivery of production quantity will be 30 days after FAT approval. <br /><br /><br /></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">The response date is for archive purposes only and is NOT the date in which offers are due. The date offers are due will be issued with the solicitation. Estimated solicitation issue date is 07 November 2019. This is an estimated date only and may be subject to change. All Contractors who provide goods/services to the Department of Defense (DoD) shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to contract award resulting from this solicitation.<br /><br /><br /></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">The RFP W52P1J-20-R-3004 and any amendments will be available electronically in accordance with FAR 4.502 and 5.102(a)(1); at the following internet address: https://www.fbo.gov on or about 11/07/2019. This notice does not constitute a formal RFP, nor is the U.S. Government obligated to issue an RFP. The point of contact for this requirement is Carly C. Frye, email carly.c.frye.civ@mail.mil. (309) 782-5464, CCRC-AE Rock Island, IL 61299- 6000. </span></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/434b273ed9a770cf2d81531d8e6e56ac
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPADDRESS>Pine Bluff Arsenal
Pine Bluff, AR
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command
<LOCATION>ACC - RI (W52P1J)
<ZIP>61299-8000
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>811310
<OFFADD>3055 Rodman Avenue Rock Island IL 61299-8000
<SUBJECT>Maintenance and Repair Services to support mission-readiness of various vehicles and equipment at Tooele Army Depot, Tooele, UT.
<SOLNBR>W52P1J-20-Q-3001
<CONTACT>Valerie S. McDonald, Contract Specialist, Phone 3097820467, Email valerie.s.mcdonald.civ@mail.mil - Vicki L. Ahlgrim, Contracting Officer, Phone 3097823220, Email vicki.l.ahlgrim.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>Tooele Army Depot has a requirement for maintenance and repair services to support the mission-readiness of various vehicles and equipment to include emergency vehicles (firetrucks), engineer equipment (cranes, dozers,and motor graders), material handling equipment (cranes, bulldozers, motor graders, material handling equipment (forklifts, straddle carriers, aerial maintenance platforms), tracked combat vehicles (M113A1), powered ground and generation equipment (generators and compressors-both engine and electric powered). <br /><br />The acquisition is planned to result in a base plus two option years, labor-hour type contract.
<p><br />Period of Performance - <br /><br />Base Year:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 01 Feb 2020 - 31 Jan 2021.<br />Option year 1: 01 Feb 2021 - 31 Jan 2022.<br />Option Year 2: 01 Feb 2022 - 31 Jan 2023.</p>
<p>This acquisition addresses the requirement for the contractor to provide all necessary management, supervision, inspection, qualified personnel labor, clothing, safety equipment and apparel required to control, operate, service, repair and maintain the types of equipment and vehicles.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/1fa45fa87dec81d07d8db10eef4b0f10
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>84074
<POPADDRESS>Tooele Army Depot
Tooele, UT
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1023
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command
<LOCATION>ACC - RSA (W31P4Q) Missiles
<ZIP>35898-5090
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>334513
<OFFADD>BLDG 5303 SPARKMAN CIR Redstone Arsenal AL 35898-5090
<SUBJECT>Indicator Humidity
<SOLNBR>W31P4Q19Q0148
<RESPDATE>110719
<ARCHDATE>11082019
<CONTACT>John Kinch, Contract Specialist, Phone 2569559264, Email john.t.kinch.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>****ATTENTION**** ALL FORMAL COMMUNICATION RELATED TO THIS ACQUISITION MUST BE DIRECTED TO ATTN: CCAM-MLP, John Kinch, Contracting Specialist via email, john.t.kinch.civ.civ@mail.mil. No telephone requests will be accepted. <br /><br /><br />
<p>NOUN: Indicator, Humidity, PRON D19B0350D1, NSN: 6685-01-677-0103, PN 92001-001, One time for a quantity of 250 each. Deliver is 180 days after contract award. FOB Destination with delivery to U.S.Army Depot Letterkenny, Transportation Office BLDG 2, 1 OverCash Ave, Letterkenny AD, Chambersburg, PA 17201-4150.</p>
<p>This procurement is restricted to R&amp;B Designs, 1083 Gamay Drive, Eldorado Hills CA 95762-7714. The data required to acquire this part competitively is not physically available, it cannot be obtained economically, nor is possible to draft adequate specifications or any other adequate economical description of the material for a competitive solicitation. The Government cannot provide a drawing.</p>
<p>All offerors must meet prequalification requirements in order to be eligible for award. All responsible sources may submit an offer, which shall be considered by the Agency. The closing date annotate