# FBOFeed20191028

<PRESOL>
<DATE>0613
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Nuclear Regulatory Commission
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management Division
<LOCATION>Acquisition Management Division
<ZIP>20852-2738
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541519
<OFFADD>11555 Rockville Pike Rockville MD 20852-2738
<SUBJECT> SUPPORT SERVICES FOR THE NRC TECHNICAL TRAINING CENTER SIMULATOR CONFIGURATION CONTROL PROGRAM
<SOLNBR>OCHCO-19-0041
<RESPDATE>071219
<CONTACT>Jerry Purcell , Contract Specialist, Phone 3014157142, Email jerry.purcell@nrc.gov - Heriberto Colon Jr., Contracting Officer, Email Heriberto.Colon@nrc.gov
<DESC>The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) has a requirement for a Nuclear Power Plant Simulator for its Technical Training Center (TTC) in Chattanooga, TN.
<p>The solicitation and resultant contract shall be issued in accordance with FAR Subpart 13.5. The resultant purchase order will consist of a base period of one year (beginning on or about September 16, 2019) plus four one-year options to extend the term of the purchase order.</p>
<p>The government intends to award a purchase order resulting from the solicitation to the responsible quoter whose quotation represents the best value to the government, evaluated cost/price and other factors considered. Anticipated evaluation factors for award include adequacy of technical approach; past performance information; adequacy of management and staffing plan; adequacy of corporate capability and experience, and Evaluated Cost/Price. <br /><br />The NRC uses Compusearch Software Systems' secure and auditable two-way web portal, FedConnect, to communicate with offerors and contractors. FedConnect provides bi-directional communication between the offeror/contractor and the NRC throughout the preaward, award and postaward phases. Therefore, in order submit a proposal, the offeror must register to use FedConnect at https://www.fedconnect.net/FedConnect/PUblicUserRegistration.aspx. <br />Assistance with FedConnect is provided by Compusearch Software Systems, not the NRC. FedConnect contact and assistance information is provided at https://www.fedconnect.net.</p>
<p>The solicitation and any related amendments will be released only via FedConnect; therefore, potential quoters must register at https://www.fedconect.net to access the solicitation and amendments. The solicitation is anticipated to be posted on FedConnect on or about July 8, 2019. Potential quoters are encouraged to check FedConnect regularly for solicitation availability and amendments to it. In addition, the NRC will only consider proposals that are submitted via FedConnect. By submission of a quotation, the quoter acknowledges the requirement that a prospective awardee shall be registered in the System for Award Management database at www.sam.gov prior to award, during performance, and through final payment of any resultant purchase order.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/NRC/OA/DCPM/OCHCO-19-0041/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>37411-5677
<POPADDRESS>U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission
Technical Training Center
Osborne Office Center
5746 Marlin Road, Suite 200
Chattanooga, TN
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1028
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of State
<OFFICE>African Posts
<LOCATION>U.S. Embassy Harare, Zimbabwe
<ZIP>N/A
<CLASSCOD>N
<NAICS>238210
<OFFADD>172 Herbert Chitepo Avenue Harare 1
<SUBJECT>Pre-Solicitation notice for U.S. Mission in Harare Design and installation of a standalone photovoltaic with battery storage - 19Z11520Q0002
<SOLNBR>19Z11520Q0002 
<CONTACT>Baylor Duncan, Contracting Officer, Phone 08677011000, Email DuncanBM@state.gov - Samuel Makumbe, Procurement Agent, Phone 08677011000, Email HarareGSOProcurement@state.gov
<DESC><p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Please note this solicitation is not ready to be issued as of this date. The Embassy of the United States in Harare, Zimbabwe will launch the solicitation on the Federal Business Opportunities (FedBizOpps) website when it is available. <br />Pre-solicitation Notice for the Design and installation of a standalone photovoltaic with battery storage at five residents that integrates to the utility and existing diesel generator on properties.<br />Provide and install new photovoltaic modules, racking system, cabling, grounding, inverters, batteries, battery enclosures, charge controllers, control system, and all necessary conduit/pathways, conductors and all other associated devices necessary to a fully functional PV and battery microgrid system.<br />All contractors have to be registered in the SAM (System for Award Management) Database https://www.sam.gov prior to contract award pursuant to FAR provision 5.207. Therefore, prospective offerors are encouraged to register prior to the submittal of quotations/proposals. The guidelines for registration in SAM are also available at https://www.sam.gov/SAM/pages/public/help/samQUserGuides.jsf<br />&nbsp; </span></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/State/AF/HarareGSO/19Z11520Q0002 /listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>ZW
<POPADDRESS>U.S. Embassy Harare
2 Lorraine Drive, Bluff Hill
Harare, Zimbabwe

</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1028
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Agricultural Marketing Service
<LOCATION>Commodity Procurement Program
<ZIP>20250
<CLASSCOD>89
<NAICS>311211
<OFFADD>1400 Independence Ave., SW
Washington, DC  20250 Washington DC 20250
<SUBJECT>Corn Products for use in Domestic Food Assistance Programs
<SOLNBR>12-3J14-20-B-0031
<RESPDATE>110519
<CONTACT>Mara Whitaker, Contract Specialist, Phone 816-926-6063, Fax 816-823-2303, Email Mara.Whitaker@ams.usda.gov - Jeffrey Jackson, Contracting Officer, Phone 816-926-2530, Fax 816-823-2303, Email JeffreyF.Jackson@ams.usda.gov
<DESC>USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service - Commodity Procurement Staff - Dairy, Grain &amp; Multifood Branch, intends to issue solicitation<br />12-3J14-20-B-0031 for procurement of Corn Products for domestic food assistance programs. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States on an FOB destination basis. The solicitation may include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial or total small business set-asides, service-disabled veteran-owned (SDVO) set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small businesses. Quantities reserved for 8(a) and SDVO firms where only one of those firms meets AMS qualification requirements will be awarded on a sole source basis through issuance of a letter RFP issued directly to those companies.
<p><br />The solicitation is expected to be available on or after October 28, 2019 and will be available electronically through USDA Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities website. A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published through WBSCM and the Federal Business Opportunities website (http://www.fbo.gov). Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers will be on or near November 5,&nbsp;2019. The contract type will be firm-fixed price.<br /><br />Pursuant to Agricultural Acquisition Regulation 470.103(b), commodities and the products of agricultural commodities acquired under this contract must be a product of the United States and shall be considered to be such a product if it is grown, processed, and otherwise prepared for sale or distribution exclusively in the United States. Packaging and container components under this acquisition will be the only portion subject to the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement and Free Trade Agreements, as addressed by FAR clause 52.225-5. Complete details of the commodity and packaging requirements are available in USDA's commodity requirements document available through the attached document package. AMS's solicitation (when published) will specify the pack sizes, quantities, and required delivery schedules.<br /><br />To be eligible to submit offers, potential contractors must meet the AMS vendor qualification requirements established in accordance with FAR Subpart 9.2. The AMS main contact for vendor qualification requirements is Andrea Lang who can be reached by phone at (202) 720-4237 or by email to Andrea.Lang@ams.usda.gov. Details of these requirements and contact information are available online at: http://www.ams.usda.gov/selling-food</p>
<p>Once qualification requirements have been met, access to WBSCM will be provided. Bids, modifications, withdrawals of bids, and price adjustments shall be submitted using this system. Submission of the above by any means other than WBSCM will be determined nonresponsive.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/e6676aaaada36a2f666dbf0c9cdd17b7
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1028
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Agricultural Marketing Service
<LOCATION>Commodity Procurement Program
<ZIP>20250
<CLASSCOD>89
<NAICS>311911
<OFFADD>1400 Independence Ave., SW
Washington, DC  20250 Washington DC 20250
<SUBJECT>Rice Products for use in Domestic Food Assistance Programs
<SOLNBR>12-3J14-20-B-0032
<RESPDATE>110519
<CONTACT>Mara Whitaker, Contract Specialist, Phone 816-926-6063, Fax 816-823-2303, Email Mara.Whitaker@ams.usda.gov - Jeffrey Jackson, Contracting Officer, Phone 816-926-2530, Fax 816-823-2303, Email JeffreyF.Jackson@ams.usda.gov
<DESC>USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service - Commodity Procurement Staff - Dairy, Grain &amp; Multifood Branch, intends to issue solicitation<br />12-3J14-20-B-0032 for procurement of Rice Products for domestic food assistance programs. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States on an FOB destination basis. The solicitation may include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial or total small business set-asides, service-disabled veteran-owned (SDVO) set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small businesses. Quantities reserved for 8(a) and SDVO firms where only one of those firms meets AMS qualification requirements will be awarded on a sole source basis through issuance of a letter RFP issued directly to those companies.
<p><br />The solicitation is expected to be available on or after October 28, 2019 and will be available electronically through USDA Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities website. A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published through WBSCM and the Federal Business Opportunities website (http://www.fbo.gov). Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers will be on or near November 5, 2019. The contract type will be firm-fixed price.<br /><br /><br />Pursuant to Agricultural Acquisition Regulation 470.103(b), commodities and the products of agricultural commodities acquired under this contract must be a product of the United States and shall be considered to be such a product if it is grown, processed, and otherwise prepared for sale or distribution exclusively in the United States. Packaging and container components under this acquisition will be the only portion subject to the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement and Free Trade Agreements, as addressed by FAR clause 52.225-5. Complete details of the commodity and packaging requirements are available in USDA's commodity requirements document available through the attached document package. AMS's solicitation (when published) will specify the pack sizes, quantities, and required delivery schedules.<br /><br />To be eligible to submit offers, potential contractors must meet the AMS vendor qualification requirements established in accordance with FAR Subpart 9.2. The AMS main contact for vendor qualification requirements is Andrea Lang who can be reached by phone at (202) 720-4237 or by email to Andrea.Lang@ams.usda.gov. Details of these requirements and contact information are available online at: http://www.ams.usda.gov/selling-food</p>
<p>Once qualification requirements have been met, access to WBSCM will be provided. Bids, modifications, withdrawals of bids, and price adjustments shall be submitted using this system. Submission of the above by any means other than WBSCM will be determined nonresponsive.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/9d01118e137de21508181669025d1b26
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1028
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Agricultural Research Service
<LOCATION>Plains Area
<ZIP>N/A
<CLASSCOD>87
<NAICS>112112
<OFFADD>
<SUBJECT>Livestock Care
<SOLNBR>12653820Q0006
<RESPDATE>110419
<ARCHDATE>11052019
<CONTACT>Daniel Kinney, Contract Specialist, Phone 4027624147, Email dan.kinney@ars.usda.gov
<DESC>THIS NOTICE OF INTENT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS. This notice is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. This procurement will be processed pursuant to FAR part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items and FAR part 13 Simplified Acquisition Procedures. No solicitation will be issued.
<p>All responsible sources who believe they can provide the supplies listed may submit, in writing to the identified point of contact, a capability statement, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency. Information received will be considered solely for the purposes of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Oral communications are not acceptable in response to this notice. A determination by the Government to compete this proposed contract based on responses to this notice is solely at the discretion of the Government. Responses are to be received prior to the expiration of this notice. No telephone calls are being accepted.</p>
<p>The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS), Plains Area, U.S. Meat Animal Research Center (USMARC), intends to award on a sole source basis to Colorado State University (CSU)&nbsp;for the care and feeding out&nbsp;of 80 head of cattle while being kept at the CSU facility. Contract type will be a Firm Fixed Price. NAICS Code is 112112. Award is in accordance with both 41 U.S.C. 253&copy;(1) and FAR 13.106-1(b)(1)(i). These Animals have been on a research trial with animals from CSU and subsequent performance in the feedlot is being monitored. In order to facilitate fair and accurate comparison animals from CSU and those that are owned by USMARC, the animals need to be evaluated at the same location which will be at the CSU Feedlot located at the CSU Agricultural Research and Development and Education Center.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/dba0bfdf500e8b836b5fcf13d3410dac
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>68933
<POPADDRESS>U.S. Meat Animal Research Center
Clay Center, NE
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0430
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFLCMC / AFSC / AFNWC - HILL AFB
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>333611
<OFFADD>DLA AVIATION - OGDEN; 6051 GUM LANE BLDG 1225; HILL AIR FORCE BASE; UT; 84056
<SUBJECT>28--HOUSING,GEARBOX,TUR
<SOLNBR>SPRHA1-19-R-0286
<RESPDATE>053019
<CONTACT>Kyle  Swaner, Phone 385-519-8684, Fax    -   -    , Email kyle.swaner@us.af.mil

<a href="mailto:kyle.swaner@us.af.mil">Kyle Swaner</a>
<DESC>PR Number(s): FD20201900286 Line Item: 0001 NSN: 2835010740514RP HOUSING,GEARBOX,TUR P/N: 5002694D, Description: F-16 accessory drive gearbox housing Supp. Description: Magnesium : 0.0000

PR Number(s): FD20201900286 Line Item: 0001AA TEST REPORT IAW DD 1423-1 ATTACHED HERETO Quantity: 1.0000 LO

PR Number(s): FD20201900286 Line Item: 0001AB FIRST ARTICLE - SAME AS BASIC LINE ITEM ABOVE Quantity: 1.0000 EA
Delivery: *180 Calendar Days   *ARO Contract   Destn: FB2029,HILL AIR FORCE BASE,UT ,84056-5713.   Quantity: 1.00   Unit of Issue: EA
PR Number(s): FD20201900286 Line Item: 0001AC PRODUCTION ARTICLE - SAME AS BASIC LINE ITEM ABOVE Quantity: 8.0000 EA
Delivery: *180 Calendar Days   *ARO Approval of First Article   Destn: SW3210,HILL AFB              UT 84056-5734,49 ,84056-5734.   Quantity: 8.00   Unit of Issue: EA
PR Number(s): FD20201900286 Line Item: 0001AD PRODUCTION ARTICLE - SAME AS BASIC LINE ITEM ABOVE Quantity: 9.0000 EA
Delivery: 31 JUL 2020     On or Before   Destn: SW3210,HILL AFB              UT 84056-5734,49 ,84056-5734.   Quantity: 9.00   Unit of Issue: EA
Duration of Contract Period: TBD
Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.
To: UNICAL DEFENSE INC., CITY OF INDUSTRY, CA.,91789-2934. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/SPRHA1-19-R-0286/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<EMAIL>
<EMAIL>kyle.swaner@us.af.mil
<DESC>Kyle Swaner
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1028
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFLCMC/EBJK - Eglin
<ZIP>32542
<CLASSCOD>14
<NAICS>336414
<OFFADD>205 West D Ave, Bldg 350, Ste 632 Eglin AFB FL 32542
<SUBJECT>Joint Air to Surface Standoff Missile (JASSM)
<SOLNBR>FA8682-21-C-XXXX
<RESPDATE>111319
<CONTACT>Jarrod Ryals, Contracting Officer, Phone 8508835358, Email jarrod.ryals@us.af.mil
<DESC>NOTICE TYPE: Notice of Contract Action (NOCA) for Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile (JASSM) and Long Range Anti-Ship Missile (LRASM). The NAICS Code assigned to this acquisition is 336414, Guided Missile and Space Vehicle Manufacturing, with a size standard of 1250 persons.
<p><br />The Department of Defense, United States Air Force (USAF), Air Force Material Command (AFMC), Air Force Life Cycle Management Center (AFLCMC), Armament Directorate, Long Range Systems Division is increasing the potential production quantities of Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missiles (JASSM) from a possible maximum of 4,900 to a possible maximum of approximately10,000 and the quantities of Long Range Anti-Ship Missile (LRASM) from a possible maximum of 110 to a possible maximum of approximately 400.</p>
<p>This effort also includes sustainment efforts to include operational safety, suitability, and effectiveness. In addition to the JASSM-ER/LRASM missile hardware and software, this weapon system includes telemetry instrumentation kits, precision targeting image software, the JASSM Weapon System Simulator, technical data, obsolescence management, upgrades, production implementation, pre-planned product improvement, sustainment, aircraft integration, non-warranty repair, containers, tooling, and other related items. Associated support items include, but are not limited to, replacement parts, program management, engineering, logistics, test support, support equipment, software/hardware upgrades to support production missiles, associated data, and any other supplies or services needed to sustain the program over the life of the system, as well as all facilities, equipment, labor, tools and test equipment. Sustainment activities include JASSM-ER system repair, container requirements, and repairable/replaceable components of these end items plus the repair infrastructure; and any other supplies or services needed to sustain the JASSM/JASSM-ER program over the life of the system. Repair infrastructure includes program management, replacement parts, special tooling maintenance, business management, hardware demilitarization/disposal and administrative support. Sustainment requirements are anticipated to include the capability and capacity to repair non-warranted missiles and other support items that may occur proportional to the estimated increased missile quantities listed above.</p>
<p>The fulfillment of the supplies/services listed above will be executed sole source to Lockheed Martin Missiles and Fire Control (LMMFC) in Orlando, FL and Lockheed Martin Rotary and Mission Systems (LM RMS) in Mount Laurel, New Jersey under the authority of FAR 6.302-1 "Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements". The program is supported by the LMMFC manufacturing facility complex, which is uniquely capable of sustaining the Full Rate Production (FRP) of JASSM/LRASM, a major weapon system. LMMFC has supply chain management capability and maintains key relationships with vital suppliers across the multi service complex. LMMFC has the engineering personnel and program management expertise based on experience to support continuous improvement and production upgrade efforts. There is a direct working relationship between LMMFC and LM RMS. JASSM software includes specialized aspects of the overall mission planning software that only LM RMS can provide. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency. Foreign participation is not authorized.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/1786b33dae149313c7f2b542237c5159
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1002
<YEAR>18
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFRL/PZL - WPAFB
<ZIP>45433
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541715
<OFFADD>AFRL/RQK
2130 Eighth Street, Building 45 Wright-Patterson AFB OH 45433
<SUBJECT>LADAR Innovative Development and Research (LIDAR) 
<SOLNBR>FA8650-19-S-1013
<CONTACT>Cathy Morgan, Contract Specialist, Phone 937-713-9959, Email cathy.morgan@us.af.mil - David Chandler, Program Manager, Phone 937-713-4454, Email david.chandler.15@us.af.mil
<DESC>LADAR Innovative Development and Research (LIDR)
<p>STATEMENT OF OBJECTIVE/NEEDS: The objective of this effort is to conduct innovative research and development (R&amp;D) of electro-optical components and technology, furthering advanced warfighting capabilities and supporting the existing and emerging needs of the Air Force and DoD. It is expected that these will be accomplished through laboratory experimentation, component fabrication and analysis, system integration, modeling and simulation (M&amp;S), field and flight testing, signal analysis, target fabrication, and evaluation. The primary goal of this effort is to develop advanced sensor technologies and techniques successfully operable in contested and denied environments meeting Air Force air superiority, global precision attack, rapid global mobility, special operations, and global integrated Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) service core function needs.</p>
<p>LADAR Innovative Development and Research (LIDR) will continue to advance state-of-the-art active and associated passive electro-optical and infrared (EO/IR) technologies, seek synergies with active and passive radio frequency (RF) technologies, and define and test the integrability of these technologies in support of the Air Force and Department of Defense (DoD) warfighter. The primary focus of current Air Force needs is enhanced combat identification and high resolution wide area three-dimensional imaging (WATI). This research is organized across four primary technology areas: Synthetic Aperture Laser Radar (LADAR), Vibration Sensing, Direct Detection 3 Dimensional (3D) LADAR, and multiple modalities in a single LADAR sensor.</p>
<p>Asynchronous Geiger Mode LADAR Receiver Development (A-GMLRD)</p>
<p>STATEMENT OF OBJECTIVE/NEEDS: The objective of this effort is to develop asynchronous Geiger mode LiDAR receivers and Geiger mode laser communications (lasercom) receivers for military use, supporting AF research efforts. The Asynchronous Geiger Mode LADAR Receiver Development (A-GMLRD) project will develop a packaged light detection and ranging (LiDAR) receiver system for laser detection and ranging (LADAR) imaging systems and lasercom applications. The result will yield a photon sensitive receiver capable of providing high precision timing measurements to objects within the sensor field of view (FOV), supporting AF sensor development programs and lasercom programs.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFRLWRS/FA8650-19-S-1013/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPADDRESS>Contractor location and/or Wright-Patterson AFB
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1028
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFRL/RIK -  Rome 
<ZIP>13441-4514
<CLASSCOD>60
<NAICS>511210
<OFFADD>26 Electronic Parkway Rome NY 13441-4514
<SUBJECT>Intel Serial Lite III IP Core
<SOLNBR>FA875120QINIP
<RESPDATE>110719
<CONTACT>Richard C Childres, Contract Specialist, Phone 315-330-4194, Fax 315-330-2555, Email richard.childres@us.af.mil
<DESC>This is a Notice of Proposed Contract Action under FAR Part 12 Acquisition of Commercial Items and FAR Part 13 Simplified Acquisition Procedures. This notice is for information only; a solicitation will not be issued. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTATION. No contract will be awarded on the basis of offers received in response to this notice. The associated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 511210 with a small business size standard of $41.5M in average annual revenue.
<p>The Government intends to negotiate a sole source contract for the purchase of Intel Serial Lite III IP Core in Source Code format with:</p>
<p>Intel Corporation<br />2200 Mission College Boulevard<br />Santa Clara, CA 95054</p>
<p>This requirement is for the purchase of Intel Serial Lite III IP Core in Source Code format - High speed serial interface supporting Intel proprietary data interchange format required for the design and fabrication of computer chips to be compatible with existing communication modules. AFRL is designing a computer chip that must interface with an existing module that uses Intel's proprietary Serial Lite 3 interface. Since Serial Lite 3 is proprietary, it can only be purchased from Intel. To adopt and incorporate an alternative would cost millions of dollars in equipment, training, and research program conversion efforts.</p>
<p>This is a notice of proposed contract action and not a request for competitive proposals; however, all responsible sources may submit a capability statement or proposal, which shall be considered by the agency. All inquiries should be sent by email to richard.childres@us.af.mil. Responses must be submitted by the date/time listed on the notice. Any response to this notice must show clear and convincing evidence that competition would be advantageous to the Government in future procurements.</p>
<p>Responses received will be evaluated; however a determination by the Government not to compete the proposed procurement based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. The Government anticipates an award date on or before 30 NOV 2019.</p>
<p>A Sole Source Justification will be attached to the subsequent Notice of Award in accordance with applicable regulation.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFRLRRS/FA875120QINIP/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1028
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFTC/PZZ - Eglin
<ZIP>32542
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>488190
<OFFADD>102 W D Ave, Bldg 11, Ste 202 Eglin AFB  FL 32542
<SUBJECT>DRAFT RFP EGLIN AFB,  BACKSHOP MAINTENANCE SUPPORT
<SOLNBR>FA2486-19-R-0003
<RESPDATE>111219
<CONTACT>June M. Crockett, Contract Administrator, Phone 850-882-0337, Email june.crockett@us.af.mil - Karen D. Wagner, Contracting Officer, Phone 850-882-0151, Email karen.wagner.1@us.af.mil
<DESC>PRE-SOLICITATION NOTICE FOR<br />BACKSHOP MAINTENANCE CONTRACT<br />FOR<br />EGLIN AFB, FL <br />FA2486-19-R-0003
<p>The Air Force Test Center's intent is to issue the pre-solicitation notice and provide a DRAFT Request for Proposal (RFP) for Backshop Maintenance Contract, to be performed at Eglin AFB, FL. The purpose of this DRAFT RFP is to obtain comments and questions from industry to assist the Government in the further development and definition of this requirement in preparation for a future finalized solicitation. NO PROPOSALS ARE BEING SOUGHT AT THIS TIME. <br />The resultant contract is anticipated to be a seven (7) year (1 Base year plus 6 Option Years) to provide Backshop Maintenance Services in accordance with the Performance Work Statement dated 25 Oct 2019. <br />The future finalized solicitation is anticipated to be solicited with full and open competition under the North America Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 488190 with a size standard of $32.5M, will be applicable to this procurement. <br />The DRAFT RFP will be posted to the Federal Business Opportunity (FBO) website on or about Monday, 28 Oct 2019 with comments and questions specific to the DRAFT RFP (and incorporated documents) due at 12:00 (noon) Central, Tuesday 12 Nov 2019. Please note these dates are subject to change. Any amendments to this DRAFT RFP will be likewise posted on this website. Contractors are advised to check the FBO website periodically for any amendments or future announcements regarding this requirement. A finalized RFP is anticipated to be posted to the FBO website on or about Monday, 9 Dec 2019 with proposals due on or about 13 Jan 2020. Proposal suspense information will be contained in the finalized RFP. A RFP mailing list will not be compiled and documents will not be sent out in paper copy.<br />All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management database (SAM.gov) to be eligible for award of a future contract.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/4e804b334c3cee4ed2651e7d57e9abce
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>32542
<POPADDRESS>Building 100

Eglin AFB, FL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1028
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ - Robins AFB
<ZIP>31098-1611
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>488190
<OFFADD>215 Page Rd Robins AFB GA 31098-1611
<SUBJECT>Airborne Mission Networking (AbMN) LRIP
<SOLNBR>FA8509-20-R-0001
<RESPDATE>111219
<CONTACT>Ashton L. Tilley, Contract Specialist, Phone 4789262802, Email ashton.tilley@us.af.mil
<DESC>This is a notice that a sole source award will be made to the Sierra Nevada Corporation<br />(SNC), CAGE: 8X691, in accordance with FAR 6.302-1(a)(2)(ii) for the Airborne Mission Networking (AbMN) Low Rate Initial Production (LRIP) phase for the AbMN system on the MC-130J aircraft. The effort will include: a total of seven (7) aircraft kits, one (1) Partial Task Trainer (PTT), one (1) Weapon System Trainer (WST), initial spares, technical data, and Interim Contractor Support (ICS). <br />DELIVERY SCHEDULE: This effort will utilize contract FA8509-19-D-0001 for placement of orders, and orders will be placed during the seven (7) already established annual ordering periods.
<p>The proposed contract action is for services and items for which the Government intends to solicit on a sole source basis to SNC CAGE: 8X691 using Other than Full and Open Competition prescribed by Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) 6.302-1, Only One Responsible Source and No Other Supplies and Services Will Satisfy Agency requirements. Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals.</p>
<p>This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Based upon market research, the Government is not using the procedures contained in FAR part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the Contracting Officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice.</p>
<p><br />Anticipated Request for Proposal (RFP) RELEASE DATE: On or Before 12 Nov 2019.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/WRALC/FA8509-20-R-0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>31098-1670
<POPADDRESS>1235 BYRON ST STE 19A 
BLDG 300 CML
ROBINS AFB , GA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1028
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>39
<NAICS>332999
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Loading Dock
<SOLNBR>FA812520Q0012
<ARCHDATE>10282020
<CONTACT>Linsey N. Laird, Contract Specialist, Phone 4057399117, Email linsey.laird@us.af.mil - Jason Shirazi, Contracting Officer, Phone 405-739-5194, Email jason.shirazi@us.af.mil
<DESC>This is a Pre-Solicitation notice for a loading dock as a 100% small business set aside requirement. FOB destination is Tinker AFB OK. <br /><br />No quotes can be accepted until the Solicitation has been posted.<br /><br />Please make sure all provisions and clauses are appropriately filled in (where applicable), when submitting a quote in. Please send in the actual solicitation completed along with any other documentation to support your company's quote. Please make sure information stated is readable and legible. <br /><br />This is a Firm Fixed Price procurement, so please state the price on your quote as all inclusive of everything. ( i.e. shipping, taxes, fees, etc.)<br />
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA812520Q0012/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>73145
<POPADDRESS>
Tinker AFB, OK
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1028
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Flight Control Computer Engineering Services
<SOLNBR>FA8117-19-R-0016
<RESPDATE>121319
<CONTACT>Dana N Tran, Contracting Officer, Phone 405-739-9449, Email dana.tran@us.af.mil
<DESC>&nbsp;
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">The United States Air Force through Air Force Support Center (AFSC) at Oklahoma City Air Logistics Center (OC-ALC) is intending to procure <span style="COLOR: #c0504d; mso-themecolor: accent2">B-2 Engineering Service for Flight Control Computer Obsolescence Analysis </span>of line items cited below for a CPFF Definite Contract. This is a sole source <span style="COLOR: #c0504d; mso-themecolor: accent2">service </span>effort. </span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in -0.25in 0pt 37.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -19.5pt; mso-add-space: auto; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;1.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Estimated issue date and estimated closing/response date</span></span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "> <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span></span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">issued 13 November<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>2019, Closes 14 December 2019.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 37.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -19.5pt; mso-add-space: auto; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;2.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">RFP# -</span></span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "> </span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">FA8117-19-R-0016</span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 37.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -19.5pt; mso-add-space: auto; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;3.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">PR#</span></span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "> -</span></span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "> </span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">FD2030-19-01210</span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 37.5pt; TEXT-INDENT: -19.5pt; mso-add-space: auto; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;4.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Nomenclature/Noun -</span></span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Flight Control Computer (FCC) Obsolescence Analysis Engineering Services</span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">5. <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">NSN -</span></span><span style="COLOR: blue"> </span>6610-01-372-5196</span></p>
<p>6.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes"> </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">PN -</span></span> 103E4050G2<span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">7.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Application (Engine or Aircraft) -</span></span><span style="COLOR: blue"> </span>B-2</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">8.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: green">AMC </span><span style="COLOR: blue">-</span></span><span style="COLOR: blue"> </span>R4R-acquire, for the first time, directly from the actual manufacturer.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The Government does not own the data or the rights to the data needed to contract service from additional sources.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>It has been determined to be uneconomical to buy the data or rights to the data. This code is used when the Government did not initially purchase the data and/or rights.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Approved source: Northrop Grumman Technical Services, Cage code: 78JW8</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">9. <span style="COLOR: green"><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="text-decoration: underline;">History </span></span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">-</span></span> N/A</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">10.<span style="text-decoration: underline;"> <span style="COLOR: blue">Description:</span></span> </span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Line Item 0001:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Personnel for B-2 Flight Control Computer Obsolescence Analysis Services</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Description:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Personnel&nbsp;</span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-tab-count: 1">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;services.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;&nbsp;</span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-tab-count: 1">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Quantity:1Lot<span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-tab-count: 1">&nbsp;</span></span>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</span></span>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Required Delivery - TBN </span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Line Item 0002: Data<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>1 Lot</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Line Item 0003: Travel 1 Lot</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">11. <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Mandatory Language:</span></span><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Note:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential Offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at (405) 736-3273.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS.</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">12. <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Export Control </span></span>: N/A</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">13. <span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="COLOR: blue">Buyer name, phone#, and email address:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="COLOR: blue">Dana N. Tran, Contracting Officer, 405-739-9449, </span></span><a><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">dana.tran@us.af.mil</span></a></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">14. <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Other information</span>:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The proposed contract action is for </span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with a sole source. Proposal received within forty-five days after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government.</span></p>
<p><strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Contracting Office Address:</span></strong></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE; BLDG 3001 SUITE 2AH82A, TINKER AFB, OK. 73145</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA8117-19-R-0016/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1028
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>DLA AVIATION AT OKLAHOMA CITY, OK; DLR PROCUREMENT OPERATIONS (AO);3001 STAFF DRIVE; TINKER AFB; OK; 73145
<SUBJECT>16-- AIRCRAFT COMPONENTS AND ACCESSORIES
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-Q-0059
<RESPDATE>112719
<ARCHDATE>06302020
<CONTACT>Gerard  Harrigan, Phone 405-739-9072, Fax    -   -    , Email gerard.harrigan@us.af.mil

<a href="mailto:gerard.harrigan@us.af.mil">Gerard Harrigan</a>
<DESC>NO SYNOPSIS IS REQUIRED IAW FAR 5.202(a)(13)(i), which provides the contracting officer need not synopsize when the proposed contract action is for an amount not expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-Q-0059/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<EMAIL>
<EMAIL>gerard.harrigan@us.af.mil
<DESC>Gerard Harrigan
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1028
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service
<LOCATION>AAMD Procurement Branch
<ZIP>55401-2329
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>339113
<OFFADD>Marquette Plaza
250 Marquette Ave, Suite 410
 Minneapolis MN 55401-2329
<SUBJECT>Preventative Maintenance/inspection service contract for autoclaves and washers in support of USDA APHIS VS NVLS in Ames Iowa
<SOLNBR>12639520Q0022
<RESPDATE>120519
<ARCHDATE>01282020
<CONTACT>Rita Elaine Fish-Whitlock, Contract Officer, Phone 6123363432, Email Rita.FishWhitlock@usda.gov
<DESC>The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), Animal Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS), Veterinary Services (VS)  NVSL intends to use commercial and simplified acquisition procedures to establish a firm fixed price, one year service contract with four (4) option years for autoclave and washer inspection services to be conducted at the USDA APHIS VS NVSL facility at 1920 Dayton Ave, Ames, Iowa 50010 .  This procurement will be a small business set-aside per NAICS: 339113. Solicitation number 12639520Q0022 will be posted on or about November 5, 2019.  Any questions or inquiries must be e-mailed to the Contracting Office, to the attention of the point of contact listed in this notice.  Requests by telephone will not be honored.  Point of contact:  Rita Fish-Whitlock, Contracting Officer, E-mail: rita.fishwhitlock@usda.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USDA/APHIS/Purchasing/12639520Q0022/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>50010
<POPADDRESS>1920 Dayton Ave.
Ames, IA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0604
<YEAR>18
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command
<LOCATION>ACC - RI (W52P1J)
<ZIP>61299-8000
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>238140
<OFFADD>3055 Rodman Avenue Rock Island IL 61299-8000
<SUBJECT>Stone Cleaning & Treatment
<SOLNBR>W52P1J-18-R-5014
<CONTACT>Jill C. Veloz, Phone 3097822895, Email jill.c.veloz.civ@mail.mil - Molly J Lewis, Contracting Officer, Phone 3097821837, Email molly.j.lewis4.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>This pre-solicitation synopsis is notice regarding W52P1J-18-R-5014 for a construction project consisting of labor, equipment and material to clean the exterior stone and apply a stone treatment product to selected "StoneShop" buildings on US Army Garrison Rock Island Arsenal, Rock Island IL. This project will be solicted as a 100% Small Business Set-Aside under NAICS 238140.<br /><br />Please note this is a notice that a solicitation is anticipated to be forth coming and will be posted on or around 15 June 2018 with all necessary documents to include the Scope of Work.<br /><br />The total estimated magnitude of construction is between $1,000,000.00 and $5,000,000.00.<br /><br />Performance and Payment Bonds are required for this project.<br /><br /><br />
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/f88d556349eb780685606bbdde443e32
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>61299
<POPADDRESS>U.S. Army Garrison Rock Island Arsenal
Rock Island, IL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1028
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command
<LOCATION>ACC - RSA (W58RGZ) CCAM
<ZIP>35898-0001
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>5301 Martin Rd
Sparkman Ctr Redstone Arsenal AL 35898-0001
<SUBJECT>Overhaul of the UH-60 Accumulator, Hydraulic
<SOLNBR>W58RGZ-20-R-0058
<RESPDATE>111219
<CONTACT>Maggie G. Bevis, Contract Specialist, Phone 256-876-5209, Email maggie.g.bevis.civ@mail.mil - Lindy L. Pinchon, Contracting Officer, Phone 2569559304, Email lindy.l.pinchon.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>The Contractor shall furnish all services, facilities, labor, parts, materials, equipment, tools and data (other than Government Furnished Property), necessary to accomplish the inspection and overhaul of the following assets:
<p><br />NOMENCLATURE: Accumulator, Hydraulic<br />INPUT NSN: 1650-01-222-4316<br />OUTPUT NSN: 1650-01-222-4316<br />INPUT P/N: 3197170-5<br />70651-03201-105<br />OUTPUT P/N: 70651-03201-105</p>
<p>ESTIMATED QUANITY RANGE: Minimum 60 each - Maximum 360 each (Maximum includes a Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Quantity of 60 each)</p>
<p>The proposed contractual action will be a Five (5) year, Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Maintenance and Overhaul type contract, with minimum / maximum quantities listed above. These are noncommercial items; FAR Part 12 will not be utilized. Required delivery shall be FOB Origin. This NSN is a Not a critical safety item. Depot Maintenance Work Requirement DMWR 1-1650-376, Revision Date: 11/24/2010, Change# 1, and all associated Maintenance Engineering Orders (MEOs) are adequate and available to support the overhaul/upgrade of the subject item. A Product Verification Audit (PVA) is required.</p>
<p>This procurement will be solicited as a 100% Small Business Set-aside. Offers are not solicited from other than small business concerns. By U.S. law, participation in small business set-asides are restricted to U.S. 