# FBOFeed20191031

<PRESOL>
<DATE>0614
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Nuclear Regulatory Commission
<OFFICE>Acquisition Management Division
<LOCATION>Acquisition Management Division
<ZIP>20852-2738
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541519
<OFFADD>11555 Rockville Pike Rockville MD 20852-2738
<SUBJECT>Support Services for the NRC Technical Training Center Simulator Configuration Control Program
<SOLNBR>31310019R0039
<RESPDATE>073119
<CONTACT>Jerry Purcell , Contract Specialist, Email jerry.purcell@nrc.gov - Heriberto Colon Jr., Contracting Officer, Email Heriberto.Colon@nrc.gov
<DESC><p>The objective of this acquisition is to obtain support services for the TTC simulator configuration control program which enables the NRC training program for inspectors, license examiners, and others which, in turn, supports the NRC's mission to provide reasonable assurance of adequate protection of public health and safety, to promote the common defense and security, and to protect the environment.</p>
<p>The goal is to acquire simulator configuration control program support for all simulators currently located at the TTC or that may be installed at the TTC during the term of this contract. The support will consist of hardware support, software support, general support, and simulator engineering expert support.</p>
<p>Hardware support shall include various hardware preventative maintenance, corrective maintenance, and modification activities. The activities will include troubleshooting, testing, component installation, vendor support, hardware modifications, and hardware configuration management including the use of an administrative configuration control system.</p>
<p>Software support shall include network administration, software preventative maintenance, and software modification activities. The activities will include issue identification, troubleshooting, modifications, imaging, backups, testing, updates, network administration, and software configuration control including the use of an administrative configuration control system.</p>
<p>General support shall include activities to support simulator operations, component control, and documentation. The activities will include simulator system startups, shutdowns, resets, and preparation for daily training; simulator component purchases and component control; and documentation of simulator configurations and maintenance activities.</p>
<p>Simulator engineering expert support shall include activities to supplement on-site support with off-site support when requested and as needed to perform advanced simulator hardware and software work. Expert support activities may include RELAP and MELCOR model changes, Encore MPX assembler coding, or changes to the I/O interface.<br /><br />The solicitation and resultant contract shall be issued in accordance with FAR Subpart 13.5. The resultant purchase order will consist of a base period of one year (beginning on or about September 16, 2019) plus four one-year options to extend the term of the purchase order.</p>
<p>The government intends to award a purchase order resulting from the solicitation to the responsible quoter whose quotation represents the best value to the government, evaluated cost/price and other factors considered. Anticipated evaluation factors for award include adequacy of technical approach; past performance information; adequacy of management and staffing plan; adequacy of corporate capability and experience, and evaluated cost/price.</p>
<p>The NRC uses Compusearch Software Systems' secure and auditable two-way web portal, FedConnect, to communicate with offerors and contractors. FedConnect provides bi-directional communication between the offeror/contractor and the NRC throughout the preaward, award and postaward phases. Therefore, in order submit a proposal, the offeror must register to use FedConnect at https://www.fedconnect.net/FedConnect/PUblicUserRegistration.aspx. Assistance with FedConnect is provided by Compusearch Software Systems, not the NRC. FedConnect contact and assistance information is provided at https://www.fedconnect.net.</p>
<p><strong>The solicitation and any related amendments will be released only via FedConnect; therefore, potential quoters must register at https://www.fedconect.net to access the solicitation and amendments. The solicitation is anticipated to be posted on FedConnect on or about July 8, 2019. Potential quoters are encouraged to check FedConnect regularly for solicitation availability and amendments to it. In addition, the NRC will only consider proposals that are submitted via FedConnect.</strong> <br /><br />By submission of a quotation, the quoter acknowledges the requirement that a prospective awardee shall be registered in the System for Award Management database at www.sam.gov prior to award, during performance, and through final payment of any resultant purchase order.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/NRC/OA/DCPM/31310019R0039/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>37411-5677
<POPADDRESS>U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission
Technical Training Center
Osborne Office Center
5746 Marlin Road, Suite 200
Chattanooga, TN
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1031
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Agricultural Research Service
<LOCATION>Southeast Area
<ZIP>Total Small Business
<CLASSCOD>C
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>
<SUBJECT>A&E IDIQ Southeast Area
<SOLNBR>12405B20R0003
<CONTACT>Nicholas D. Langley, Contract Specialist, Email Nicholas.Langley@usda.gov
<DESC>This is a pre-solicitation notice.
<p>The USDA, Agricultural Research Service (ARS) has a requirement for a Multiple-Award Indefinite Quantity Contracts (IQC) for Architect-Engineering Design and Construction Management/Administration Services for repair and maintenance, alteration, and/or new construction projects (including greenhouses and specialized farm buildings) for its research laboratory facilities located throughout the Southeast Area (SEA).  The Southeast Area includes facilities in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, Puerto Rico, South Carolina, Tennessee, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.</p>
<p>Services under the contracts will include, but are not limited to, energy-related studies, environmental site assessments and studies, building and/or site investigations/studies, feasibility and conceptual studies, geotechnical investigations, radon testing, asbestos and other hazardous materials abatement, life cycle cost analyses, engineering design criteria development, statements of work/program of requirements development, design analyses, designs, construction drawings, specifications (including specifications for design-build), detailed cost estimates and analyses, bidding phase services, construction management/administration (including on-site construction management/administration, bid evaluations, shop drawings and submittals review and approval), construction inspection and/or monitoring, design review, technical consultation, field surveys, engineering reports, and computer-aided drafting.</p>
<p>The contracts shall be for a base period of 12 months from date of award, with options for four (4) additional 12-month periods. Firm-fixed-price task orders will be issued for each individual project. The annual amount of the contract will be a minimum of $1,000 and will not exceed $4,000,000. The cumulative amount of all delivery/task orders will be a minimum of $1,000 and will not exceed $20,000,000 over the life of the contract.</p>
<p>The Government anticipates multiple award Indefinite Quantity Contracts; however, the Government reserves the right to award one or more contract at its discretion. Individual funded requirements will be awarded through the issuance of firm-fixed-price Task Orders; however, no project exist currently. A solicitation will be issued on or about November 13, 2019.</p>
<p>Consideration of firms will be limited to those firms who can provide professional A-E services primarily in the disciplines of architectural, civil, structural, mechanical, electrical and environmental engineering for pre-design, design and post-design A-E services for research laboratory facilities, including greenhouses and specialized farm buildings such as breeding and rearing facilities, barns, stock-watering systems/facilities, etc.</p>
<p>The following specific factors will form the basis for evaluation and determination of those highly qualified firms and selection of the best qualified. All factors are weighted by importance, individual factor weights are listed with each factor description:</p>
<p>1)	Specialized experience and technical competence in the type of work required to alter or repair facilities in support of agricultural research in laboratory and field settings, including, where appropriate, pollution prevention, waste reduction, and the use of recovered materials. Experience in the inclusion of energy-saving and sustainable features into the design, as shown using the requirements of ASHRAE 90.1, EPACT 2005, Executive Order No. 13693 and LEED. Various tasks include: Mechanical, Electrical, Structural, Civil, Retro-Commissioning, and Construction Management Services.</p>
<p>2)	Professional qualifications; including general education, training and experience of the Design A-E and its primary consultants necessary for satisfactory performance of required services. Professional Licenses of Firms and Team Members in all the states included in the Area of interest.</p>
<p>3)	The capacity of the Design A-E and its consultants, in terms of numbers and diversity of in-house disciplines and resources, to accomplish all work on schedule and to successfully manage multiple task orders simultaneously.</p>
<p>4)	Past performance on similar contracts with Government agencies and private industry in terms of cost control, quality control, compliance with performance schedules, and demonstrated ability to successfully coordinate all planning, design, bid and construction phase work with all subcontractors, and to communicate effectively with the customer on project progress issues. Demonstrated ability in: quality assurance work, "punch lists," commissioning services, final inspections; and Record Drawings is vital.</p>
<p>5)	Location of a major offices within geographic proximity to ARS Area Headquarters; Co-location of the offices of the consultants in the same general location as the Design A-E is preferred. Firms shall describe their procedures for coordinating project activities with consultants and subconsultants which are not co-located within the same general location of the firm.</p>
<p>The NAICS code is 541330, and the small business size is $16.5 million or less in average annual receipts. This requirement is being competed to all small businesses who are qualified and responsible A-E firms.</p>
<p>Personal visits for the purpose of discussing this requirement are strongly discouraged and will not be scheduled.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/0e525fa4ed4ae4559a9a2d952d4f4f57
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPADDRESS>
Southeast Area
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1031
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Education and Training Command
<LOCATION>Keesler AFB, 81st Contracting Squadron
<ZIP>39534-2147
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>334510
<OFFADD>310 M Street Rm 102 Keesler AFB MS 39534-2147
<SUBJECT>Bronchoscope
<SOLNBR>FM301092700123 
<RESPDATE>110819
<CONTACT>William Thompson, Contract Specialist, Phone 2283371830, Email william.thompson.77@us.af.mil - John Andre N. Mabida, Contract Specialst, Phone 228-377-8589, Email john_andre.mabida@us.af.mil
<DESC>This is a proposed acquisition for Bronchoscope to be delivered to Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi 39534. The solicitation will be posted in http://www.fbo.gov on or about 1 November 2019.
<p>The applicable NAICS for this acquisition is 334510 and the size standard is 1,250 employees. The government anticipates award of a firm-fixed-price contract as result of the solicitation. The solicitation may be downloaded from FBO since copies of the solicitation will not be available for mailing. All prospective offerors must be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award of contract with any DoD Agency. Registration may be accomplished at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. Any interested party may submit a proposal which will be considered by this organization.</p>
<p>The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the government intends to solicit and negotiate. Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals. All proposals received on or before the offer due date specified on the solicitation/RFQ will be considered by the government.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AETC/KAFBCS/FM301092700123 /listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>39534
<POPADDRESS>Keesler AFB
Biloxi, MS
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1016
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Torrque Drum
<SOLNBR>sprta120r0028
<CONTACT>Deborah K. Teubert, Contract Spec, Phone 4058553546, Email deborah.teubert@us.af.mil
<DESC>&nbsp;
<p style="TEXT-ALIGN: center" align="center"><strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal"><em style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Synopsis</span></em></strong></p>
<p style="TEXT-ALIGN: center" align="center"><strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal"><em style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">FD2030-20-00267</span></em></strong></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;1.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Estimated solicitation issue date <span style="COLOR: red">2 Nov 2019</span> of <span style="COLOR: red">RFP</span> <span style="COLOR: red">SPRTA120-R-0028 </span>with an estimated response date of <span style="COLOR: red">2 Dec 2019</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;2.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">PR#:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">FD2030-20-00267</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;3.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Nomenclature/Noun: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="COLOR: red">Torque Drum Unit</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;4.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">NSN: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="COLOR: red">1680-99-024-7042</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;5.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">PN: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="COLOR: red">43325636</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 1in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.75in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;6.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Application (Engine or Aircraft): <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="COLOR: red">KC135</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;7.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">AMC: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>3<span style="COLOR: red">D</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;8.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Qualified Sources:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">Flight Refueling LTD (U1918)</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;9.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">History:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">Allied Defense (Distributor for) 28 Dec 2018</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;10.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Description/Function: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="COLOR: red">Used to apply tension to the hose when the hose is deployed and prevents a stack hose during refueling.</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;11.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Dimensions:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">24.0" (L) x 7.00" (W) x 7.00" (H) and weighs 15.00 (LBs)</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;12.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Material:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">Alluminum Allow Steel </span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;13.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Small Business Set-Aside:<span style="COLOR: red"><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Not Applicable</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;14.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Qualification Requirements:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red"><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Not Applicable<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;15.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">First Article:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">Applicable</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;16.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Export Control:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Not <span style="COLOR: red">Applicable.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;17.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Award Type:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">Firm Fixed-Price Fixed-Quantity <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span></span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;18.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Total Line Item(s) Quantity:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">L/I 0001 - 7 each with MIN 2/MAX 11</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;19.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Required Delivery: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="COLOR: red">2 each monthly beginning 2 May 2020</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Destination:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">SW3211</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;20.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Point of contact:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="mso-tab-count: 1">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">Deborah Teubert (405) 855-3546</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 1.5in; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">DLA-Aviation/AOBA</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 1.5in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="mso-tab-count: 1">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>3001 Staff Dr. Suite 2B95</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 1.5in; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Tinker AFB OK 73145<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 1.5in; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;21.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Mandatory Language:</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Authority:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1). <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Supplies or services required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Therefore, the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: black"><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">In accordance with FAR 52.225-3, Buy American Act - Free Trade Agreements, one or more of these items under this acquisition is subject to the Free Trade Agreement. </span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.25in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-tab-count: 1">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Government's obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Hard copies of the solicitation will not be sent from this office.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The solicitation will be available for download only at <a href="http://www.fbo.gov">www.fbo.gov</a>.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">This acquisition involves technology that has a military or space application.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The extent of foreign participation has not yet been determined.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Nothing in this notice contradicts other restrictions, identified in the synopsis notice or solicitation regarding eligible sources (e.g., if this is a small business set-aside).<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Foreign sources may not participate as potential prime contractors but could if otherwise eligible participate as subcontractor(s).</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Due to the complexity and criticality of this part, only actual manufactures that have successfully completed all testing required by the original company responsible for the design, or manufacturers that have successfully completed all testing on items determined by the government to be similar in complexity and criticality and can be considered approved sources for this item.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from Offerors or potential Offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at (<span style="COLOR: red">405) 734-8241.</span><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS. </span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 0.7in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.2in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;22.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">UID:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>If unit price exceeds $5,000.00 then UID requirements will apply.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-RIGHT: 0.5in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in">&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/sprta120r0028/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1031
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>61
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>STATOR,GENERATOR
<SOLNBR>SPRTA120R0041
<RESPDATE>111519
<CONTACT>Antonino D Lenora, Contract Negotiator, Phone 405-739-5408, Fax 405-739-5408, Email antonino.lenora@us.af.mil
<DESC>SYNOPSIS - C130<br /><br />1. Estimated solicitation issue date 15 Nov 19 and estimated closing/response date 15 Dec 19.<br />2. RFP#: SPRTA1-20-R-0041<br />3. PR#: FD2030-19-02908<br />4. Nomenclature/Noun: STATOR,GENERATOR<br />5. NSN:&nbsp; 6115015686554HY<br />6. PN:&nbsp;&nbsp; 36A228516G1<br />7. Application (Engine): C130<br />8. AMC: 3D<br />9. History: General Electric, Qty:&nbsp;47 each, 3 JUL 19<br />10. Description: Dimensions: Length 10.5000 in, Width 13.0000 in, Height 10.5000 in, Weight 32.0000 lbs. Material: Aluminum Function: Provides a source of alternating current power for the electrical system.<br />11. Other than Full and Open Competition.<br />12. Award of a contract with Best Estimated Quantity of 15 each,
<p>Requested Delivery Schedule:<br />- Deliver 15 units on 06 JAN 2020, early delivery acceptable.<br />.</p>
<p>If first Article Required:<br />- First Article due within 120 days of contract award date.</p>
<p><br />Ship To: FMS Countries</p>
<p>13. Qualification Requirements are not&nbsp;applicable<br />14. Export Control is not&nbsp;applicable</p>
<p>Mandatory Language: Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. No telephone requests. Only written or faxed requests received directly from the requestors are acceptable. To be eligible for contract award, offerors must be approved sources, in accordance with clause 52.209-1 or 52.209-2, Qualification Requirements. The Government is NOT required to delay contractor award to review pending Source Approval Request (SAR). Therefore, offerors are encouraged to submit SARs AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. If the Government has not completed review of the SAR when the contract is awarded the SAR will be retained and the source will be reviewed for possible source approval for future awards.</p>
<p>Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from Offerors or potential Offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at (405) 734-8241. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS.</p>
<p>Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in Far Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice</p>
<p>The solicitation will be available for download on the release date from www.fedbizops.gov. No telephone requests. Questions concerning this synopsis or subsequent solicitation can be directed to Antonino Lenora at (405) 739-5408 or email antonino.lenora@us.af.mil Note: Faxed solicitation requests can be submitted to DLA Aviation-AOAB, Tinker AFB, OK 73145, FAX NUMBER (405) 739-4237.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA120R0041/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1031
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>48
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>VALVE, REGULATING, FL
<SOLNBR>SPRTA120Q0066
<RESPDATE>120219
<ARCHDATE>10302020
<CONTACT>JENNIFER PHAM, CONTRACTING OFFICER, Phone (405)855-3572, Email jennifer.pham.1@us.af.mil
<DESC>In according with FAR 5.202(a)(13)(i), this requirement does not require a synopsis. This requirement is for an amount not expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold, therefore is exempt from the synopsis.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA120Q0066/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1031
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker AFB - AFSC/PZIO
<ZIP>73145-9106
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>811310
<OFFADD>7858 5th Street Ste 1 Tinker AFB OK 73145-9106
<SUBJECT>Test, Teardown, and Evalaution of 5-Axis CNC Machine Damaged Bearings
<SOLNBR>FA812520Q0015
<RESPDATE>110119
<CONTACT>Sheridan Robison, Contract Specialist, Phone 405-582-5686, Email sheridan.robison@us.af.mil
<DESC>The Air Force intends to solicit and issue a sole source contract to Starrag USA, Inc, under the authority of FAR 6.302-1(b)(2) for the following service: The Contractor shall provide all labor, tools, equipment, test equipment, material, parts, quality control, transportation and inspection manuals necessary to perform the Test Teardown and Evaluation (TT&amp;E) on a 5-Axis CNC Machine Damaged Bearings for the Oklahoma City-Air Logistics Complex (OC-ALC).
<p>A Firm Fixed Price type contract is contemplated.</p>
<p>Estimated Period of Performance: 29 November 2019 - 28 March 2020</p>
<p>System for Award Management (SAM) is required to receive any award. Contractors can register electronically at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. The NAICS code for this requirement is 811310 with a size standard of $8M.</p>
<p>Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement by submitting a<br />proposal. Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation through FedBizOps at https://www.fbo.gov/. No<br />telephone requests. See Note 22. Authority is 10 USC 2304 (c)(1).</p>
<p>For further information contact:<br />Sheridan Robison,<br />Contracting Specialist</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCBC/FA812520Q0015/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1031
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Armstrong Flight Research Center
<LOCATION>AFRC INUTEQ
<ZIP>93523
<CLASSCOD>58
<NAICS>334220
<OFFADD>Inu Teq, LLC., P.O. Box 273, Mail Stop 4857 Edwards CA 93523
<SUBJECT>RT AND RCU-710 RADIOS
<SOLNBR>INU-19-013
<RESPDATE>111519
<CONTACT>Anne Jordan, Buyer, Phone 6612762591, Email afrc-rfess-procurement@mail.nasa.gov
<DESC>INU TEQ, LLC has a requirement for quantity three (3) RT 270-3148-032 (100-400 MHZ) and quantity three (3) RCU-710 270-3148-062 (in radio). This is a follow on order to a previously purchased and competed purchase. Supplies available only from the original source in the case of a follow-on contract for the continued development or production of a major system or highly specialized equipment, including major components thereof, when it is likely that award to any other source would result in substantial duplication of cost that could not be recovered through competition and/or unacceptable delays in fulfilling Program requirements. <br />INU TEQ intends to purchase the items from Rockwell Collins located at 400 Collins Road, Cedar Rapids Iowa 52498.
<p>Procurement falls under FAR6.302-1(a)(2)(ii). This procurement will upgrade existing proprietary government furnished equipment (antenna control unit and RF feed assembly) manufactured by only one responsible source and procurement through another vendor would require significant duplication of costs not expected to be recouped through competition. Only one responsible source and no other supplies and services will satisfy agency requirements (10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1)).</p>
<p>The Government does not intend to acquire a commercial item using FAR Part 12. <br />Interested organizations may submit their capabilities and qualifications to perform the effort in writing to the identified point of contact not later than 2:30 p.m. local time on 11/15/2019. Such capabilities/qualifications will be evaluated solely for the purpose of determining whether or not to conduct this procurement on a competitive basis. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed effort on a full and open competition basis, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the government.</p>
<p>Oral communications are not acceptable in response to this notice.</p>
<p>All responsible sources may submit an offer which shall be considered by the agency.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/a223ee2def891b88a34f07edf6795051
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>93523
<POPADDRESS>NASA ARMSTRONG FLIGHT RESEARCH CENTER
EDWARDS, CA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1031
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Armstrong Flight Research Center
<LOCATION>AFRC INUTEQ
<ZIP>93523
<CLASSCOD>C
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>Inu Teq, LLC., P.O. Box 273, Mail Stop 4857 Edwards CA 93523
<SUBJECT>Mission Support for DATR
<SOLNBR>INU-19-014
<RESPDATE>111519
<CONTACT>Anne Jordan, Buyer, Phone 6612762591, Email afrc-rfess-procurement@mail.nasa.gov
<DESC>INU TEQ, LLC has a requirement for Temporary Mission Support for Dryden Aeronautical Test Range. <br />INU TEQ intends to Sole Source this service from Doney Peters. <br />Operations and support of the communications equipment can only be accomplished by an individual who has had significant training on the specific systems in the NASA Armstrong communication facility. The ability to support the unique blend of equipment required to support research aircraft communication and flight termination systems, as well as low earth orbit communication with the International Space Station can only be supplied by an individual who has worked in the facility. In addition, an active Secret clearance is required to provide mission support. These facts make this individual uniquely qualified to provide surge support for missions.
<p>The Government does not intend to acquire a commercial item using FAR Part 12. <br />Interested organizations may submit their capabilities and qualifications to perform the effort in writing to the identified point of contact not later than 4:00 p.m. local time on November 15, 2019. Such capabilities/qualifications will be evaluated solely for the purpose of determining whether or not to conduct this procurement on a competitive basis. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed effort on a full and open competition basis, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the government.</p>
<p>Oral communications are not acceptable in response to this notice.</p>
<p>All responsible sources may submit an offer which shall be considered by the agency.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/18cf363ac3b2e6505c5ba433cec14b0c
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>93523
<POPADDRESS>NASA ARMSTRONG FLIGHT RESEARCH CENTER
EDWARDS, CA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1031
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command
<LOCATION>ACC - RSA (W911N2) LEAD - (SPS)
<ZIP>17201-4150
<CLASSCOD>70
<NAICS>511210
<OFFADD>1 OVERCASH AVE  CHAMBERSBURG PA 17201-4150
<SUBJECT>FOUR WINDS Enterprise Subscription
<SOLNBR>W911N2-20-P-0003
<CONTACT>Randy S Allison, Contract Specialist, Phone 7172675216, Email randy.s.allison.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>The Government intends to issue a firm-fixed price, contract to procure Four Winds Enterprise &#8208; Subscription License &amp; Support On&#8208;to include content player(s), set&#8208;up and configuration, and professional services. The contractor will be for one a one year period from 2019 thru 2020. The Sole Source Justification and Authorization (J&amp;A) will be posted upon Award. <br /><br />The 2016 North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code 511210, the size standard is $41.5M and the FSC is 7030.
<p>You must be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) Database to receive a Government contract award. You may register at for SAM at: https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.<br /><br />For access to the J&amp;A, and any questions related to this Award please contact Randy Allison, at randy.s.allison.civ@mail.mil. This synopsis by no means binds the Government and is for informational purposes only.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/abd9f4ed03ca2a99f5ce61bbd4f032e8
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>17201
<POPADDRESS>
Chambersburg, PA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1031
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>Bureau of Indian Affairs
<LOCATION>BIA - DAPM
<ZIP>20191
<CLASSCOD>C
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>BIA CENTRAL 00016<br />12220 Sunrise Valley Drive<br />Contracting Office<br />Reston<br />VA<br />20191<br />US<br />
<SUBJECT>C--A-E Bridge Assessments for Bureau of Indian Affair
<SOLNBR>140A1620R0002
<RESPDATE>112819
<ARCHDATE>12132019
<CONTACT>Fife, John
<DESC>ARCHITECT-ENGINEERING (A-E) SERVICES FOR Bridge Assessment Services 

Synopsis/Solicitation: 140A1620R0002

The Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) is seeking qualification packages and past performance information from vendors interested in providing professional architect and engineering services for seven (7) Indian Affairs locations. 

The Division of Transportation requires the services of an A-E firm to provide bridge inspection services described herein. Services are required to assess structural integrity for thirty-nine (39) bridges. The Contractor shall provide administrative, management and inspection services for seven (7) Indian Affairs locations with thirty-nine (39) bridges total as described below. 

The Statement of Work (SOW) establishes the work requirements, applicable standards, performance requirements, schedule and services to be provided for seven (7) Indian Affairs locations identified on Attachment 9, Inspection Location Map.

This is a competitive selection process in which competing offerors' qualifications will be evaluated in accordance with (IAW) FAR Part 36.6 to determine the most highly qualified firms.  The Government intends to award one Firm Fixed-Price contract. 

IAW FAR 36.603(b): To be considered for architect-engineer contracts, a firm must file with the appropriate office or board the Standard Form 330, "Architect-Engineer Qualifications," Part II and when applicable, SF 330, Part I.  Responders are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this posting; all costs associated with responding will be solely at the interested parties' expense.  Failure to respond to this post does not preclude participation in the subsequent technical evaluation so long as a firm's SF 330 is currently on file. It is the responsibility of the potential offerors to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this requirement.

This acquisition will be 100% set-aside for Indian Small Business Economic Enterprises (ISBEE) firms. The NAICS Code 541330 (Engineering Services) applies to this acquisition, with a small business size standard of $16.5M. 

A-E EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS: The A-E firms¿ experience shall include that which is commensurate with the requirements specific to the attached Statement of Work. 

The work may include:

(1) Professional services of an A-E nature, as defined by State law, if applicable, that are required to be performed or approved by a person licensed, registered, or certified to provide those services.

(2) Professional services of an A-E nature that are associated with bridge inspection experience, Nationa