# FBOFeed20191024

<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of State
<OFFICE>African Posts
<LOCATION>U.S. Embassy Monrovia, Liberia
<CLASSCOD>V
<NAICS>488390
<OFFADD>P. O. Box 98
502 Benson Street Monrovia 1
<SUBJECT>Water Trucking Services
<SOLNBR>19L16020Q0001
<ARCHDATE>05312020
<CONTACT>Robert B. Burnett, Contracting Officer, Phone 00231776777330, Email BurnettRB@state.gov - JOSEPH N. TIAH, Procurement Supervisor, Phone 231777084953, Email TIAHJN@STATE.GOV
<DESC>Water Trucking Services Contract Solicitation.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/State/AF/Liberia/19L16020Q0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>LR
<POPADDRESS>U.S. Embassy Monrovia 
502 Benson Street
Monrovia 
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0424
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality
<LOCATION>Contracts Management
<ZIP>20857
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>541511
<OFFADD>5600 Fishers Lane
Mailstop: 06N34B Rockville MD 20857
<SUBJECT>Annual Updates and Technical Support of AHRQ Quality Indicators for Public Use (QIs) V
<SOLNBR>AHRQ-19-10006
<RESPDATE>061019
<ARCHDATE>06252019
<CONTACT>Lisa Slavin, Contract Specialist, Phone 3014271824, Email Lisa.Slavin@ahrq.hhs.gov
<DESC><p>The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services will be soliciting proposals for Annual Updates and Technical Support of AHRQ Quality Indicators for Public Use (QIs) V.<br />The Center for Quality Improvement and Patient Safety (CQuIPS) within the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) of the United States Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) requires the annual updating and technical support of the AHRQ Quality IndicatorsTM (QIs) (2019-2024).<br />The AHRQ QI Annual Update and Technical Support and Contract shall focus solely on the operational aspects of updating the QI software and supporting the users of AHRQ QIs who are focused on quality improvements by providing updated software, technical specifications, technical assistance, user friendly interface and tools and documentation for AHRQ QIs. The objectives of this work are:<br />&#61607; -Update accurate and user-friendly AHRQ Quality Indicators (QI) public-use software, technical specifications, and documentation for use in the measurement and quality improvement of the delivery of health care services <br />&#61607; -Provide technical assistance to users of the AHRQ Quality Indicators (QIs)</p>
<p>To meet these objectives, the contractor will be required to perform the following activities:<br />1) Prepare timely, uniformly formatted AHRQ QI documentation, including technical specifications and technical documents<br />2) Maintain customer-oriented, streamlined AHRQ QI software to facilitate user's calculation of AHRQ QI rates<br />3) Review and provide recommendations for the AHRQ QI Website, which serves as the project's primary vehicle for public outreach, and virtual repository for project information and documentation<br />4) Deliver customer-oriented technical support on AHRQ QIs technical documentation, software and products developed for the AHRQ QI project<br />5) Maintain and support customer-oriented communication with AHRQ QI users</p>
<p>This requirement will be competed on FedBizOpps under full and open competition as a small-business set-aside. <br />AHRQ anticipates awarding one contract under this solicitation for a base period of 12 months, and four 12-month option periods.<br />The solicitation and any documents relating to this requirement will only be available by downloading from the Internet through www.fedbizopps.gov. Interested offerors are responsible for monitoring this site for the release of the solicitation and any subsequent amendments. It is anticipated that the solicitation will be available for downloading on or about 15 days after publication of this synopsis.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/HHS/AHRQ/DCM/AHRQ-19-10006/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Agricultural Marketing Service
<LOCATION>Commodity Procurement Program
<ZIP>20250
<CLASSCOD>89
<NAICS>311999
<OFFADD>1400 Independence Ave., SW
Washington, DC  20250 Washington DC 20250
<SUBJECT>USDA Section 32 Egg Products Purchase Program Announced
<SOLNBR>AG-PEGG-PS-20-0002
<ARCHDATE>09302020
<CONTACT>Reedema Rock , Contract Specialist, Phone 202-720-7059, Email Reedema.Rock@ams.usda.gov - Hilary Cole, Branch Chief, Phone 816-823-2169, Email Hilary.Cole@ams.usda.gov
<DESC>USDA Section 32 Egg Products Purchase Program Announced<br />October 23, 2019
<p>The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) today announced plans to purchase $20 million in egg products for distribution to various food nutrition assistance programs. Purchases will be made under the authority of Section 32 of the Act of August 24, 1935, with the purpose to encourage the continued domestic consumption of these products by diverting them from the normal channels of trade and commerce.</p>
<p>&nbsp;Material #&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Material Description <br />&nbsp; 100936&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; SHELL EGGS, (EGGS, 15 DOZEN)<br />&nbsp; 110845&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; EGGS, WHOLE FRZ CTN-12/2 LB<br /> <br />Solicitations will be issued in the near future and will be available electronically through the Web-Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system.  A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available. Public WBSCM information is available without an account on the WBSCM Public Procurement Page. All future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published through WBSCM, and on the Agricultural Marketing Service's website at www.ams.usda.gov/selling-food. Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The contract type is anticipated to be firm-fixed price. Deliveries are expected to be to various locations in the United States on an FOB destination basis.</p>
<p>Pursuant to Agricultural Acquisition Regulation 470.103(b), commodities and the products of agricultural commodities acquired under this contract must be a product of the United States and shall be considered to be such a product if it is grown, processed, and otherwise prepared for sale or distribution exclusively in the United States. Packaging and container components under this acquisition will be the only portion subject to the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement and Free Trade Agreements, as addressed by FAR clause 52.225-5.</p>
<p>Offerors are urged to review all documents as they pertain to this program, including the latest- <br />&bull; AMS Master Solicitation for Commodity Procurements (MSCP), October 1, 2019; <br />&bull; Applicable commodity specification(s) identified in the subsequent solicitation(s); and <br />&bull; Qualification Requirements for Prospective Contractors Selling Commodities to USDA, March 1, 2017.</p>
<p>These documents are available on the AMS Commodity Procurement website.</p>
<p>To be eligible to submit offers, potential contractors must meet the AMS vendor qualification requirements. The AMS point of contact for new vendors is Andrea Lang who can be reached by phone at (202) 720-4237 or by email to NewVendor@ams.usda.gov. Details of these requirements are available online at: https://www.ams.usda.gov/selling-food/becoming-approved. Once qualification requirements have been met, access to WBSCM will be provided. Bids, modifications, withdrawals of bids, and price adjustments shall be submitted using this system. Submission of the above by any means other than WBSCM will be determined nonresponsive.</p>
<p>To receive e-mail notification of the issuance of AMS solicitations, contract awards, and other information, subscribe online by visiting: "Stay up to date on USDA Food Purchases" available on the AMS Commodity Procurement website.</p>
<p>Inquiries may be directed to the Contracting Officer, Hilary Cole at 816-823-2169 or hilary.cole@usda.gov.</p>
<p>The USDA prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment activities.) To file a complaint of discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).</p>
<p><br />Together We're Making a Difference: American Agriculture for the American People</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/e8e8ab4a6afadecb20d00bb3232ae77c
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPADDRESS>Various cities and states within the U.S.
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Agricultural Research Service
<LOCATION>Plains Area
<ZIP>N/A
<CLASSCOD>88
<NAICS>112111
<OFFADD>
<SUBJECT>Steer Calves
<SOLNBR>12653820Q0005
<RESPDATE>110219
<ARCHDATE>11042019
<CONTACT>Daniel Kinney, Contract Specialist, Phone 4027624147, Email dan.kinney@ars.usda.gov
<DESC>THIS NOTICE OF INTENT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS. This notice is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. This procurement will be processed pursuant to FAR part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items and FAR part 13 Simplified Acquisition Procedures. No solicitation will be issued. All responsible sources who believe they can provide the services listed may submit, in writing to the identified point of contact, a capability statement, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency. Information received will be considered solely for the purposes of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Oral communications are not acceptable in response to this notice. A determination by the Government to compete this proposed contract based on responses to this notice is solely at the discretion of the Government. Responses are to be received within 10 days of this notice. No telephone calls are being accepted.
<p>The United States Department Agriculture (USDA), Agricultural Research Service (ARS) intends to negotiate and award on a sole source basis. This procurement is for ARS location in Clay Center, Nebraska at the U.S. Meat Animal Research Center (USMARC). Contract type will be a Firm Fixed Price and will be awarded to The University of Nebraska. This is for purchase of 328 male calves that have the appropriate genotypic and phenotypic traits. NAICS Code is 112111. Period of performance is estimated to be 2 months.</p>
<p>Award is in accordance with both 41 U.S.C. 253(c)(1) and FAR 6.302<br />________________________________________________________________________</p>
<p>For biosecurity reasons, U.S. Meat Animal Research Center (USMARC) does not allow animals to be brought onto the Center from outside sources. The University of Nebraska has had a long term cooperative relationship with USMARC on the ARS owned property. This relationship is documented in ARS agreement number 58-3040-5-002. The university herd and the ARS herd are both on this property. As a result, the university animals are the only animals that can be supplied to ARS.<br />The U.S. Meat Animal Research center needs 328 steer calves for its research programs in genetics, breeding, meat safety, meat quality, reproduction, nutrition, and environmental management. This policy has been in place for decades and is in place to protect the animal herd that is valued at greater than $12M. This value is strictly a market value. The research value of these herds is many multiples of the market value. These 328 animals provided by the University comply with the necessary biosecurity policies and procedures in place in order to protect that substantial tax payer investment in the animal herds at USMARC. Also, the University has already collected the necessary data to move the above mentioned projects forward. The University and ARS have a close collaboration at USMARC and these animals have the necessary scientific and phenotypic information already collected on them that will allow congressionally funded research projects to move forward. These projects will not be able to move forward without these animals.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/c3fd1bd470ff611c7639efe6aea78190
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>68933
<POPADDRESS>U.S. Meat Animal Research Center
State Spur 18D
Clay Center, NE
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Education and Training Command
<LOCATION>Goodfellow AFB, Contracting Squadron
<ZIP>76908-4705
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>811310
<OFFADD>210 Scherz Blvd
Bldg 707 Goodfellow AFB TX 76908-4705
<SUBJECT>FY20 Elevator Maintenance
<SOLNBR>FA303020Q0001
<RESPDATE>102519
<CONTACT>Robyn E. Moore, Contract Specialist, Phone 325-654-4421, Email robyn.moore.4@us.af.mil - Micheal Scott, Contracting Officer, Phone 325-654-4547, Email micheal.scott.3@us.af.mil
<DESC>&nbsp;
<p>Contractor shall furnish all supervision, personnel, equipment, tools, materials, and other services necessary to perform Monthly elevator maintenance and annual inspections at Goodfellow AFB, TX in accordance with the Performance Work Statement (PWS). <span style="COLOR: black">The requirement will be solicited as a request for written quotation and evaluated under procedures of FAR 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures. </span>&nbsp;<span style="COLOR: black">The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 811310, the size standard is $8 Million. The acquisition is a 100% small business set aside. </span>The Request for Quotes (RFQ) is anticipated to be posted on or about 08 Oct 2019. The anticipated award date is on or about 1 Nov 2019. <span style="COLOR: black">The performance period for this requirement will be 01 Nov 2019 to 31 Oct 2024</span>. The POP will include one base year and four option years.&nbsp; All requests for clarification relating to this RFQ must be brought to the attention of the contracting specialist <span style="COLOR: black">Robyn E. Moore </span>at 325-654-4421 or robyn.moore.4@us.af.mil. <span style="mso-ansi-language: EN">All responsible sources may submit a bid, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency. </span>The government contemplates award of a Firm Fixed Price Purchase Order to the responsible offeror whose Quote conforms to the requirements of the solicitation and is most advantageous to the Government Interested parties should subscribe to receive procurement announcements related to this solicitation by entering the FedBizOpps website at <a href="http://www.fedbizopss.gov/">http://www.fedbizopss.gov/</a> and clicking on Vendor notification Service Area to register. The Government reserves the right to cancel the solicitation either before or after the solicitation closing date.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AETC/GAFBCS/FA303020Q0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>76908
<POPADDRESS>Goodfellow AFB
Goodfellow AFB, TX
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFRL/RIK -  Rome 
<ZIP>13441-4514
<CLASSCOD>A
<NAICS>541715
<OFFADD>26 Electronic Parkway Rome NY 13441-4514
<SUBJECT>Stratagem: Applying State-of-the-Art Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Approaches to Air Battle Management
<SOLNBR>FA875020S7007
<CONTACT>Dr. Nathaniel Gemelli, Stratagem TPOC, Phone 315-330-3252, Email nathaniel.gemelli@us.af.mil - Amber Buckley, Contracting Officer, Phone 315-330-3605, Email amber.buckley@us.af.mil
<DESC>NAICS CODE: 541715
<p>FEDERAL AGENCY NAME: Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AFRL - Rome Research Site, AFRL/Information Directorate, 26 Electronic Parkway, Rome, NY, 13441-4514</p>
<p>BAA ANNOUNCEMENT TYPE: Initial announcement</p>
<p>BROAD AGENCY ANNOUNCEMENT (BAA) TITLE: Stratagem: Applying State-of-the-Art Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Approaches to Air Battle Management</p>
<p>BAA NUMBER: FA8750-20-S-7007</p>
<p><strong>PART I - OVERVIEW INFORMATION</strong></p>
<p>This announcement is for an Open, 2 Step BAA which is open and effective until 29 Sep 2023. Only white papers will be accepted as initial submissions; formal proposals will be accepted by invitation only. While white papers will be considered if received prior to 4 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 31 Mar 2023, the following submission dates are suggested to best align with projected funding:</p>
<p><em><strong>For Focus Area 1 ONLY:</strong></em></p>
<p><em>FY20 by 13 Nov 2019<br />FY21 by 31 Mar 2020<br />FY22 by 31 Mar 2021<br />FY23 by 31 Mar 2022</em></p>
<p><em><strong>For Focus Areas 2 and 3 ONLY:</strong></em></p>
<p><em><strong>All potential Offerors are requested to wait to submit white papers for focus areas 2 &amp; 3 until the BAA announcement is updated with specific dates. Due to funding limitations, it is anticipated that only one award will be made under Focus Area 2 and one award under Focus Area 3. Therefore, when the BAA announcement is updated to include white paper dates, if requested, proposals will also have a specific due date. </strong></em></p>
<p><br /><strong>In lieu of an Industry Day, the Government will accept questions regarding the synopsis via email to the TPOCS identified in Section VII until 12:00 PM EST on 30 OCT 2019. The Government will then amend the synopsis with a Q&amp;A document. After its initial posting, the Q&amp;A document will not be updated. Any future changes to the BAA will be done via amendment to the synopsis. </strong></p>
<p>Offerors should monitor the Federal Business Opportunities website at <a href="http://www.fbo.gov">http://www.fbo.gov</a> in the event this announcement is amended.<br /><br />CONCISE SUMMARY OF TECHNOLOGY REQUIREMENT: AFRL/RI is seeking innovative research to create a capability to develop new Artificial Intelligence-based capabilities that can reason in real-time about developments in the battlespace during wartime engagements and assist planners and decision makers responsible for reacting to those developments. As the Air Force begins to operate in contested environments against near-peer and/or peer adversaries, the demands on operational planners and warfighters will quickly increase, thereby requiring decision support assistance. In recent years, major developments in the field of Artificial Intelligence (AI) for video game playing agents has suggested that some of these approaches could be considered as candidates to provide that form of decision support. The objective of this effort is three-fold. First, AFRL is looking to investigate and develop machine intelligence approaches for supporting and performing operations in complex adversarial environments. It is imperative to explore the use of existing decision support AI algorithms and machine learning methods applicable to developing strategies and playing complex games. Second, AFRL desires the capability to capture human expertise to augment warfighter capability through the use of game play in Air Force (AF) relevant "video games" via interactive components. We will record and learn from subject matter experts and end-user warfighters using these AF video games that are motivated by operational use cases. Finally, AFRL will apply forms of domain adaptation techniques to transfer AI strategies and/or machine learned models from video game play to AF relevant challenge problems/simulations. AFRL envisions developing AI approaches in unclassified game playing domains and attempting to perform transfer to either unclassified or classified scenarios in tools like Advanced Framework for Simulation Integration and Modeling (AFSIM) or others. In order to develop these capabilities, focus will be placed on using existing game playing engines and newly developed interactive "simulation" environments that can be played by operators, either supported by or against AI agents.</p>
<p>BAA ESTIMATED FUNDING: Total funding for this BAA is approximately $9.9M. Individual awards will not normally exceed 24 months with dollar amounts normally ranging from $300,000 to $2,000,000. There is also the potential to make awards up to any dollar value as long as the value does not exceed the available BAA ceiling amount.</p>
<p>ANTICIPATED INDIVIDUAL AWARDS: Multiple Awards are anticipated.</p>
<p>TYPE OF INSTRUMENTS THAT MAY BE AWARDED: Procurement contracts, grants, cooperative agreements or other transactions (OT) depending upon the nature of the work proposed. In the event that an Other Transaction for Prototype agreement is awarded as a result of this competitive BAA, and the prototype project is successfully completed, there is the potential for a prototype project to transition to award of a follow-on production contract or transaction. The Other Transaction for Prototype agreement itself will also contain a similar notice of a potential follow-on production contract or agreement.</p>
<p>AGENCY CONTACT INFORMATION: All white paper submissions and any questions of a technical nature shall be directed to the cognizant Technical Point of Contact (TPOC) as specified below (unless otherwise specified in the technical area) (email requests are preferred):</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Stratagem TPOC</span>:<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Dr. Nathaniel Gemelli<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; AFRL/RISC<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 525 Brooks Rd<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Rome, NY 13441-4505<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Telephone: (315)330-3252<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Email: <a href="mailto:nathaniel.gemelli@us.af.mil">nathaniel.gemelli@us.af.mil</a></p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Copies of white paper submissions should also be sent to:<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <span style="text-decoration: underline;">Stratagem BAA MANAGER</span>: <br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mr. Warren Geiler <br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; AFRL/RISC <br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 525 Brooks Rd<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Rome, NY 13441-4505 <br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Telephone: (315)330-2122 <br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Email: <a href="mailto:warren.geiler.1@us.af.mil">warren.geiler.1@us.af.mil</a><br /><br />Questions of a contractual/business nature shall be directed to the cognizant contracting officer, as specified below (<strong>email requests are preferred</strong>):</p>
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Ms. Amber Buckley<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Telephone (315) 330-3605<br />&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Email: <a href="mailto:amber.buckley@us.af.mil">amber.buckley@us.af.mil</a></p>
<p>Emails must reference the solicitation (BAA) number and title of the acquisition.</p>
<p><strong>Pre-Proposal Communication between Prospective Offerors and Government Representatives</strong>: Dialogue between prospective offerors and Government representatives is encouraged. Technical and contracting questions can be resolved in writing or through open discussions. Discussions with any of the points of contact shall not constitute a commitment by the Government to subsequently fund or award any proposed effort. Only Contracting Officers are legally authorized to commit the Government.</p>
<p><strong>Offerors are cautioned that evaluation ratings may be lowered and/or proposal rejected if proposal preparation (Proposal format, content, etc.) and/or submittal instructions are not followed.</strong></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFRLRRS/FA875020S7007/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>HQ Arnold Engineering Development Complex (AEDC) - Arnold
<ZIP>37389-1335
<CLASSCOD>95
<NAICS>331491
<OFFADD>100 Kindel Drive, Suite A-335 Arnold AFB TN 37389-1335
<SUBJECT>Mach 7 C-103 Refractory Hardware -Solicitation
<SOLNBR>FA9101-20-R-0001
<RESPDATE>112519
<CONTACT>Greggory C. Jones, Contract Specialist, Phone 9314546372, Email greggory.jones.4@us.af.mil - William L Johnson, Contract Officer, Phone 9314544405, Email william.johnson.22@us.af.mil
<DESC>Supplements Synposis FA4417-19-R-0047 and replaces the solicitation for the aforementioned number.<br />This project will be set for full and open competion.<br />When responding to this solicitation please include "FA9101-20-R-0001" in the subject line as well as including the attached Request for Proposal (RFP) in your proposal.<br />Section L, Instructions to Offerors (Atch 1) and Sectin M, Evaluation Criteria (Atch 2) included within the attached RFP.<br />Drawings can be obtained by following instructions listed within RFP (Atch 4)
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AEDC/FA9101-20-R-0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>37389
<POPADDRESS>
Arnold AFB, TN
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>61
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Alternating Motor
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-Q-0049
<ARCHDATE>05292020
<CONTACT>Brian Johnson, Contract Negotiator , Phone 4057348110, Email brian.johnson.98@us.af.mil
<DESC>Synopsis not required
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-Q-0049/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Computer Engine Solicitation
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-R-0036
<RESPDATE>123119
<ARCHDATE>04302020
<CONTACT>Lyndsey Shirazi, Email lyndsey.shirazi@us.af.mil
<DESC><p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-right: -9.0pt;"><strong>CLIN 0001</strong>: <strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal;">NSN/Part Number:</strong> 6620-01-561-6852/2125M76P01; <strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal;">NOUN</strong>: Computer, Engine; <strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal;">APPLICATION</strong>: F-16, <strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal;">QTY: </strong>L/I 0001 &ndash; 9ea; <span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp;</span><strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal;">DELIVERY</strong>: 70 ea monthly beginning 19 May 2021.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-right: -9.0pt;">AMC Code: 4B</p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-right: -9.0pt;">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-right: -9.0pt;">No telephone requests. Only written requests received directly from the requestors are acceptable. Email address is lyndsey.shirazi@us.af.mil.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">Qualification Requirements:</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">&nbsp;</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">Due to the complexity and criticality of this part, only manufacturers that have successfully completed all testing required by the original company responsible for the design, or manufacturers that have successfully completed all testing on items determined by the Government to be similar in complexity and criticality, can be considered approved sources for this item.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp; </span>Current qualified sources are:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp; </span>Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation; Cage Code: 73030; 10 U.S.C. 2304(C)(1), Justification: Supplies (or Services) required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. The proposed contract action is for supplies in which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp; </span>A Determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contact with the firm(s) listed. Specifications, plans, or drawings relating to the procurement described are incomplete or not available and cannot be furnished by the Government.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">Based on market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp; </span>However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government&rsquo;s requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal">Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from Offerors or potential Offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at (405) 855-3556. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-R-0036/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>PLATE ASSEMBLY
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-Q-0027
<RESPDATE>111119
<ARCHDATE>03312020
<CONTACT>Wannie DeBouse, Contract Specialist, Phone 405-855-3523, Fax 405-734-8129, Email wannie.debouse@us.af.mil
<DESC>PLATE ASSEMBLY
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-Q-0027/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>FILTER,FLUID
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-Q-0048
<RESPDATE>111119
<CONTACT>Wannie DeBouse, Contract Specialist, Phone 405-855-3523, Fax 405-734-8129, Email wannie.debouse@us.af.mil
<DESC>FILTER,FLUID
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-Q-0048/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>POWER TURBINE STATO
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-Q-0039
<RESPDATE>111119
<CONTACT>Wannie DeBouse, Contract Specialist, Phone 405-855-3523, Fax 405-734-8129, Email wannie.debouse@us.af.mil
<DESC>POWER TURBINE STATO
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-Q-0039/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>31
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>BEARING ROLLER CYL
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-Q-0028
<RESPDATE>111119
<CONTACT>Wannie DeBouse, Contract Specialist, Phone 405-855-3523, Fax 405-734-8129, Email wannie.debouse@us.af.mil
<DESC>BEARING ROLLER CYL
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-Q-0028/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>Tinker AFB - AFSC/PZIO
<ZIP>73145-9106
<CLASSCOD>70
<NAICS>541512
<OFFADD>7858 5th Street Ste 1 Tinker AFB OK 73145-9106
<SUBJECT>Micro Vax Replacement
<SOLNBR>FA812520R0006
<RESPDATE>102819
<CONTACT>Sheridan Robison, Contract Specialist, Phone 405-582-5686, Email sheridan.robison@us.af.mil
<DESC>The Air Force intends to solicit for the following commodity:
<p>1. Three (3) each NuVAX 4400 System with Clock (Part Number MVX-4400-BA - or - Equivalent) with Hardware and Software Support IAW the Statement of Work (SOW)</p>
<p>2. Installation and Performance Verification IAW the SOW<br />A Firm Fixed Price type contract is contemplated.</p>
<p>Estimated Delivery should be 240 Days ARO</p>
<p>System for Award Management (SAM) is required to receive any award. Contractors can register electronically at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ . The NAICS code for this requirement is 541512 with a size standard of $30M.</p>
<p>Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement by submitting a proposal. Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation through FedBizOps at https://www.fbo.gov/. No telephone requests. See Note 22. Authority is 10 USC 2304 (c) (1).</p>
<p>For further information contact: <br />Sheridan Robison, <br />Contracting Specialist <br />sheridan.robison@us.af.mil <br />Fax 405-582-5686</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCBC/FA812520R0006/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Armstrong Flight Research Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>93523-0273
<CLASSCOD>H
<NAICS>333511
<OFFADD>NASA/Armstrong Flight Research Center,
Code A, P.O. Box 273
Mail Stop 4811-140 Edwards CA 93523-0273
<SUBJECT>Passive Acoustic Non-Cooperative Aircraft Detection System
<SOLNBR>80AFRC20SS004
<RESPDATE>102919
<CONTACT>Gail Anton, Acquisition Specialist, Phone 6612765417, Email gail.anton-1@nasa.gov - 
<DESC>The NASA Armstrong Flight Research Center (NASA/AFRC) intends to solicit and award a sole source contract to Scientific Applications &amp; Research Associates (SARA) for the purchase of two (2) each passive acoustic non-cooperative aircraft detection systems. Authority is in accordance with FAR 13.106-1(b) (1) (i) "Contracting officers may solicit from one source if the contracting officer determines that the circumstances of the contract action deem only one source reasonably available (e.g., urgency, exclusive licensing agreements, brand name or industrial mobilization). In support of the Resilient Autonomy (RA) project, the Contracting Officer has determined that SARA is the only company capable of providing a passive acoustic sensor system that is technically compatible with the existing run-time assurance modular architecture associated with the Resilient Autonomy project testbed platform (e.g., the L3 Latitude HQ-90C Hybrid Quadrotor). Utilization of any other hardware, will result in a substantial of time and technical effort (i.e. non-recurring engineering, verification, and validation) that is not expected to be recovered through competition. The Government intends to acquire commercial items and services using the provisions, clauses and procedures prescribed in FAR Part 12 and FAR Part 13. Interested organizations may submit their capabilities and qualifications to perform the effort in writing to the identified point of contact not later than 2:00 p.m. local time on October 29, 2019. Such capabilities/qualifications will be evaluated solely for the purpose of determining whether or not to conduct this procurement on a competitive basis. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed effort on a full and open competition basis, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the government. Oral communications are not acceptable in response to this notice. All responsible sources may submit a response which shall be considered by the agency. Submittals should be made in writing via email to gail.t.anton@nasa.gov. NASA Clause 1852.215-84, Ombudsman, is applicable. The Center<br />Ombudsman for this acquisition can be found at http://prod.nais.nasa.gov/pub/pub_library/Omb.html.<br />The NAICS Code and Size Standard are 334511 and 1250 employees respectively.<br />
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/DFRC/OPDC20220/80AFRC20SS004/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>93523
<POPADDRESS>NASA Armstrong Flight Research Center
4800 Lilly Drive
Edwards AFB, CA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Armstrong Flight Research Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>93523-0273
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>541330
<OFFADD>NASA/Armstrong Flight Research Center,
Code A, P.O. Box 273
Mail Stop 4811-140 Edwards CA 93523-0273
<SUBJECT>T-38 aircraft engineering services and technical data delivery 
<SOLNBR> 80AFRC19R0026
<RESPDATE>110419
<CONTACT>Nydia E. Wilkinson, Contract Specialist, Phone 6185813507, Email nydia.e.wilkinson@nasa.gov - Jenny Y. Staggs, Contract Specialist, Phone 6612767029, Email jenny.y.staggs@nasa.gov
<DESC><p>Under NASA Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate's (ARMD's) Advanced Air Vehicles Program (AAVP), the Commercial Supersonic Technology (CST) Project has conducted concept feasibility studies and project planning for a Low Boom Flight Demonstrator (LBFD) aircraft that would provide final validation of design tools and technologies applicable to low sonic boom aircraft and create a database of community response acceptability supporting the development of a noise-based standard for supersonic overland flight. <br /><br />Armstrong Flight Research Center (AFRC) plans to issue a sole source Time and material contract to Northrop Grumman Systems Corp., Aerospace Systems (NGAS) located at 1 Space Park Blvd Redondo Beach CA 90278-1001.<br /><br />The contractor will be responsible for engineering and technical data delivery (to include but not limited to qualification and specification data, drawings, 3D models, stress reports, associated system analysis reports, system test reports), hardware integration in support of the LBFD Projects efforts. NGAS is the sole owner of proprietary rights of the data required from a T-38 aircraft crew station for the QueSST aircraft Preliminary design.<br /><br />The Government intend to acquire a commercial item using FAR Part 12 and FAR Part 13 Procedures.<br /><br />Interested vendors may submit their capabilities and qualifications to perform the effort in writing to the identified point of contact no later than 7:01 a.m. PST on&nbsp;4 November, 2019. Such capabilities/qualifications will be evaluated solely for the purpose of determining whether or not to conduct this procurement on a competitive basis. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed effort on a full and open competition basis, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the government. <br /><br />Oral communications are not acceptable in response to this notice.<br /><br />All responsible sources may submit a response which shall be considered by the agency. <br /><br />NASA Clause 1852.215-84, Ombudsman, is applicable. The Center Ombudsman for this acquisition can be found at http://prod.nais.nasa.gov/pub/pub_library/Omb.html.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/NASA/DFRC/OPDC20220/ 80AFRC19R0026/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>93523
<POPADDRESS>NASA Armstrong Flight Research Center


Edwards, CA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command
<LOCATION>ACC - RI (W44W9M) McAlester Contracting Office
<ZIP>74501-9002
<CLASSCOD>58
<NAICS>334220
<OFFADD>Attn:  CCRC-IDM
1 C TREE RD   McAlester OK 74501-9002
<SUBJECT>ETHERNET/SERIAL RADIOS
<SOLNBR>W44W9M-20-T-0015
<RESPDATE>103119
<CONTACT>Susaneva K. Wade, Contract Specialist, Email susaneva.k.wade.civ@mail.mil
<DESC><p style="margin: 0px;"><span style="margin: 0px; color: black;"><span style="font-family: Times New Roman; font-size: small;">McAlester Army Ammunition Plant has issued a Request for Quote for Ethenet/Serial Radios. See posted solicitation for additional requirements. FOB Destination - McAlester Army Ammunition Plant, McAlester, OK. This solicitation will be issued via the internet at https//www.fbo.gov and will close at 5PM [CST] on 31 Oct 2019. Questions or offers should be e-mailed directly to susaneva.k.wade.civ@mail.mil. Any changes to the solicitation shall also be posted to this web site and it is the contractor's responsibility to check site daily for any posted changes. All contractors who provide goods/services to the DOD must have a current active registration at System for Award Management (SAM) - https://www.sam.gov.</span></span></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/8ffd02ce679aa6b4cd39bb6b283d791b
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>74501-9002
<POPADDRESS>McAlester Army Ammunition Plant
1 C-Tree Road, B8

McAlester, OK
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0628
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command
<LOCATION>ACC - RI (W52P1J)
<ZIP>61299-8000
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>238140
<OFFADD>3055 Rodman Avenue Rock Island IL 61299-8000
<SUBJECT>Repoint Historic Stone Buildings
<SOLNBR>W52P1J-19-R-5010
<RESPDATE>081519
<CONTACT>John D. Kerch, Contract Specialist, Phone 3097825830, Email john.d.kerch.civ@mail.mil - Molly J Lewis, Contracting Officer, Phone 3097821837, Email molly.j.lewis4.civ@mail.mil
<DESC><div>This pre-solicitation synopsis is notice regarding solicitation W52P1J-19-R-5010 for a construction project<br /></div>
consisiting of furnishing labor, equipment, and materials to repoint all exterior joints and perform masonry repairs<br />on designated buildings on US Army Garrison Rock Island Arsenal. The base bid amount for this contract is the<br />repointing and crack repair of 65,200 gross square feet and includes 700 square feet of deteriorated masonry<br />repair by replacement. Bid Option 1 consists of the repointing and crack repair on Building 50 (8,200 gross<br />square feet) and includes 300 square feet of deteriorated masonry repair by replacement. Bid Option 2 consists<br />of the repointing and crack repair on Building 64 (53,000 gross square feet) and includes 600 square feet of<br />deteriorated masonry repair by replacement. Bid Option 3 consists of the repointing and crack repair on Building<br />65 (2,000 gross square feet) and includes 150 square feet of deteriorated masonry repair by replacement. Bid<br />Option 4 consists of the repointing, crack repair, cleaning and sealing (56,000 gross square feet) of BLDG 205<br />&ldquo;The Clock Tower&rdquo; and includes 200 square feet of deteriorated masonry repair by replacement. The Contractor<br />
<div>shall secure the services of a historic masonry Consultant for the duration of this project.</div>
<div><br /></div>
<div>Please note, this is a notice that a solicitation is anticipated to be  forth coming and will be posted on or around 15 Jul 2019 with all the  necessary documents to include the Scope of Work. <br /></div>
<div><br /></div>
<div>Product Supply Code: J056 - MAINT/REPAIR/REBUILD OF EQUIPMENT - CONSTRUCTION AND BUILDING MATERIALS</div>
<div><br /></div>
<div>This project is solicited as a 100% Small Business Set-Aside under NAICS 238140.</div>
<br />The total estimated magnitude of construction is between $1,000,000 and<br />
<div>$5,000,000.</div>
<div><br /></div>
<div>Performance and Payment Bonds are required for this project.</div>
<div><br /></div>
POC for this action is John Kerch, email john.d.kerch.civ@mail.mil or phone 309-782-5830.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/9f2bba7e56145b2b219bdc92947cc667
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>61299-8000
<POPADDRESS>US Army Garrison Rock Island Arsenal
Rock Island, IL
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command
<LOCATION>ACC - RSA (W31P4Q) Missiles
<ZIP>35898-5090
<CLASSCOD>60
<NAICS>335921
<OFFADD>BLDG 5303 SPARKMAN CIR Redstone Arsenal AL 35898-5090
<SUBJECT>Cable Assembly Fiber Optic
<SOLNBR>W31P4Q20R0010
<RESPDATE>110719
<CONTACT>John Kinch, Contract Specialist, Phone 2569559264, Email john.t.kinch.civ@mail.mil - Joshua D Clark, Contracting Officer, Phone 2568424033, Email joshua.d.clark10.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>****ATTENTION**** ALL FORMAL COMMUNICATION RELATED TO THIS ACQUISITION MUST BE DIRECTED TO ATTN: CCAM-MLP, John Kinch, Contracting Specialist via email, john.t.kinch.civ.civ@mail.mil. No telephone requests will be accepted. <br /><br />NOUN: CABLE ASSEMBLY, FIBER, PRON: D19H0318D1, NSN: 6020-01- 530-7672, PN: 13623135, applicable to the PATRIOT Missile System (D6). Type of Contract will be a Three (3) year Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ); Delivery order 1 will be issued at the time of award for a quantity of 200 each, the minimum quantity for each additional order is 100 each. The maximum quantity for the life of the contract is 400 each. F.O.B. Destination with delivery to Redstone Technical Test Center, Cottonwood Rd Bldg 8022 MF 4500, Redstone Arsenal, AL 35898-8052. Required delivery with Production Lot Testing in 216 Days after Contract Award (DACA). <br /><br />This procurement is restricted to Fiber Systems International CAGE Code: 0YPM2 and Ace And Company, Inc CAGE Code: 1HVU5. This part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing knowledge by the qualified sources require acquisition of the part in accordance with the design control activity's procedures, as approved by the cognizant Government engineering activity. Vendor item drawing-restricted to sources. No Technical Data Packages will be mailed out, all offerors shall be registered in FBO and Joint Certification Program (JCP) certified.All offerors must meet prequalification requirements in order to be eligible for award. All responsible sources may submit an offer, which shall be considered by the Agency. The closing date annotated is an estimated date and may be adjusted dependent upon the date or release for solicitation; however, the solicitation will not close prior to the date stated above. Foreign Firms are reminded that all requests for solicitation must be processed through their respective embassies. <br /><br />"This Acquisition contains Technical Data whose export is restricted by the Armys Export Control Act (Title 22, U.S.C., SEC 2751 ET SEQ.) or Executive Order 12470. This information cannot be released outside the United States without prior approval of the Government"
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/cc8d26858edfd199515324b658edb5bc
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1024
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>Army Contracting Command
<LOCATION>ACC - RSA (W31P4Q) Missiles
<ZIP>35898-5090
<CLASSCOD>W
<NAICS>561210
<OFFADD>BLDG 5303 SPARKMAN CIR Redstone Arsenal AL 35898-5090
<SUBJECT>BLS Tunisia
<SOLNBR>W56PFY20Q0003
<RESPDATE>110419
<ARCHDATE>11082019
<CONTACT>Tabatha Fiacco, Contract Specialist, Email tabatha.l.fiacco2.mil@mail.mil - Nella Cappello, Email sebastiana.cappello.ln@mail.mil
<DESC><p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">SUBJECT:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Synopsis for Basic Life Support (BLS) services in Cap Serrat, Tunisia in support of a training exercise.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>W56PFY20Q0003</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><br />Regional Contracting Office - Africa (RCO-A) intends to issue a Request for Quote (RFQ) for BLS services in Cap Serrat, Tunisia.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, and other items and non-personal services necessary to perform BLS as defined in this Performance Work Statement except for those items specified as government furnished property and services.<br /></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">The purpose of this synopsis (pre-solicitation notice)&nbsp;is to receive feedback and input from industry related to the Performance Work Statement (PWS) attached to this notice. <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Industry feedback received from this synopsis may be used to finalize the PWS, which will be issued, with the Request for Proposal (RFP). <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Requests For Information (RFIs) will not be answered directly through this notice but will be vetted and may be incorporated in the final RFP.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>RCO-A request that interested vendors submit their RFIs to SFC Tabath