# FBOFeed20191027

<PRESOL>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>ACC OO
<LOCATION>411TH CSB (W90VN6) RCO OSAN
<ZIP>96205-5289
<CLASSCOD>83
<NAICS>316998
<OFFADD>Unit #15289 APO 1 96205-5289
<SUBJECT>Extra- Large Solid Black Customized Heavy-Duty Collapsible Bag w/ (2) wheels with a Rugged, abrasion-resistant exterior
<SOLNBR>W90VN6-20-Q-0001
<RESPDATE>110319
<CONTACT>Randy W Bookwalter, Contract Management Officer, Phone 3157576020, Email randy.w.bookwalter.mil@mail.mil - Anthony Mosley, Contracting Officer, Phone 7556006, Email anthony.s.mosley.civ@mail.mil
<DESC><br /><br />1. Action Code. Synopsis<br />2. Date. 1028<br />3. Year. 19<br />4. Government Printing Office (GPO) Billing Account Code. N/A<br />5. Contracting Office Zip Code. 96266<br />6. Classification Code. Q<br />7. Contracting Office Address. 411th CSB, Osan RCO APO AP 96266<br />8. Subject. 83- customized bag<br />9. Proposed Solicitation Number. W90VN6-20-Q-0001<br />10. Opening/Closing Response Date: 110319<br />11. Contact Point/Contracting Officer: Anthony S. Mosley, 031-661-9973/Contracting Officer<br />12. Contract Award and Solicitation Number. N/A<br />13. Contract Award Dollar Amount. N/A<br />14. Contract Line Item Number. N/A<br />15. Contract Award Date. N/A<br />16. Contractor. N/A <br />17. Description. Procurement of 4,000 (four thoasand) Extra- Large Solid Black Customized Heavy-Duty Collapsible Bag w/ (2) wheels with a rugged, abrasion-resistant exterior.<br />18. Place of contract performance. Osan AB, Korea<br />19. Set-asides. N/A<br />&nbsp;<br /><br />
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/f2a07b18dde118cc9c8911b08e61fffa
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPADDRESS>Osan AB , 1
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Interior
<OFFICE>Bureau of Reclamation
<LOCATION>BOR - All Offices
<ZIP>84138
<CLASSCOD>Y
<NAICS>238140
<OFFADD>Bureau of Reclamation<br />Upper Colorado Region<br />Regional Office<br />125 South State Street, Room 8100<br />Salt Lake City<br />UT<br />84138<br />US<br />
<SUBJECT>Y--Florida Canal - Rebuild Three Check Structures
<SOLNBR>140R4020Q0009
<RESPDATE>120419
<ARCHDATE>12192019
<CONTACT>Hays, Daniel B
<DESC>Solicitation No. 140R4019Q0009: 
Florida Canal - Rebuild Three Check Structures

PROJECT DESCRIPTION AND PURPOSE:

The Bureau of Reclamation, Upper Colorado Region, has an anticipated requirement for a contractor to furnish all labor and materials to remove and construct three new irrigation check structures along the Florida Canal. The contractor shall remove from site and properly dispose of all waste and concrete removed during preparation. The contractor shall supply all materials and other necessary equipment to complete the tasks outlined in the work statement.

In accordance with FAR 36.204, the estimated magnitude of this project is between $100,000 and $250,000.

LOCATION OF THE WORK:
The work is located along the Florida River Canal, approximately four miles east of Durango Colorado.

PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE:
The government intends to award the contract by January 1, 2020 and issue a notice to proceed as soon as all bonds have been received. The required project completion date is April 15, 2020.

COMPETITION:  
Solicitation 140R4018Q0009 is anticipated to be issued as a total small business set-aside resulting in a firm fixed price construction contract.  The requirement shall be procured in accordance with Parts 13 and 36 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations. The Bureau of Reclamation intends to issue a Request for Quotation. 

A site visit will be held on November 6, 2019 at 8:00 a.m.. While attending the site visit will not be mandatory, it is strongly encouraged.  The additional details will be provided in the solicitation.

The Government reserves the right to award with or without discussions. The complete specifications will be defined in the solicitation documents.

NAICS AND SIZE STANDARD:  
The NAICS code for this procurement is 238140 Masonry Contractors with a small business size standard of $16.5 million. 
	
SOLICITATION RELEASE DATE:  
The anticipated release date for Solicitation No. 140R4020Q0009 is October 31, 2019. 
The anticipated quote due date is December 4, 2019.

All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered by the agency.

The solicitation documents for this procurement will be accessible from the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website, www.fbo.gov and FedConnect, www.fedconnect.net . It is, and will continue to be, all potential offeror's responsibility to monitor the FBO and FedConnect websites for any amendments, updates, responses to questions and answers, etc. as the Government will not be providing any other methods of information dissemination.

This announcement is a synopsis of an anticipated solicitation, it does not constitute and Request for Quote (RFQ) or a promise to issue and RFQ in the future. This synopsis does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever.  Furthermore, Reclamation is not, at this time, seeking any proposals and will not accept any unsolicited proposals for this project.  No entitlement to payment of direct or indirect costs or charges by the Government will arise as a result of the submission of information; all costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the interested party¿s expense.  


SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM, www.sam.gov):  

The System for Award Management (SAM) is a Federal Government owned-and-operated FREE web site that consolidates the capabilities in Central Contractor Registration (CCR)/Federal Register (FedReg), Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA), and Excluded Parties List System (EPLS).  Offerors must be successfully registered in SAM in order to be considered for a Government contract award.  Information on registration and annual confirmation requirements may be obtained by calling 1-866-606-8220, or via the Internet at www.sam.gov .    

Please note that, due to new security requirements, SAM registrations and renewals are taking longer than anticipated and there has been a backlog. It is recommended that interested vendors, register early and anticipate delays. 

POINT-OF-CONTACT FOR QUESTIONS:  

The primary point of contact for this solicitation is Mr. Daniel Hays, Contract Specialist:  Email ¿ dhays@usbr.gov; Phone - 801-524-3757. The contracting office is the Bureau of Reclamation, Upper Colorado Regional Office located in Salt Lake City, Utah.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/bdfdd62997c09712559231de3826d7b0
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA National Cemetery Administration Centralized Contracting Division
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs National Cemetery Administration
<ZIP>22172
<CLASSCOD>87
<NAICS>325314
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;National Cemetery Administration;Contracting Services;18434 Joplin Road;Triangle VA  22172
<SUBJECT>87--Topsoil - OWRNC    
<SOLNBR>36C78620Q0052
<RESPDATE>110419
<ARCHDATE>02022020
<CONTACT>Sarah Poole

<a href="mailto:sarah.poole1@va.ogv">sarah.poole1@va.gov</a>
<DESC>The National Cemetery Administration (NCA) is soliciting quotations under Request for Quotation (RFQ) Number 36C786-20-Q-0052 to supply topsoil for Ohio Western Reserve National Cemetery. This acquisition is 100% set aside for Small Businesses (SBs). The NAICS Code is 325314; Size Standard is 500 employees. Offers received from concerns that are not SB s shall not be considered. 
Units shall be in accordance with the Price Schedule and terms and conditions contained in the solicitation. 
The Government will award a Blanket Purchase Agreement using the best value tradeoff approach resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose quotation is most advantageous to the Government regarding price. In addition, the Government intends to award without discussions. Therefore, the offeror s initial proposal should contain optimal terms from a price and technical standpoint. 
Electronic solicitations will be available for download from Federal Business Opportunities http://www.FedBizOpps.gov on or around October 28, 2019. Responses to the solicitation are due by 4:00 p.m. EST on November 4, 2019. The question and answering period commences on October 28, 2019 and concludes on October 31, 2019 by 4:00 p.m EST. Email questions to sarah.poole1@va.gov. Offerors are advised that they are responsible for obtaining amendments to the solicitation which will be available at FedBizOpps.
Awardees must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) website at http://www.sam.gov and registered in www.vip.vetbiz.gov/
All proposals must be submitted through the Department of Veterans Affairs vendor portal website in order to be considered for award.  Please go to VA eCMS Vendor Portal to register.  https://www.vendorportal.ecms.va.gov.  For assistance contact the VAAS helpdesk at 1-877-634-3739, or via email at VA.Acquisition.Systems@va.gov.
No telephone requests will be accepted. Any questions should be sent via email to sarah.poole1@va.gov.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/VANCA/VANCA/36C78620Q0052/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<EMAIL>
<EMAIL>sarah.poole1@va.ogv
<DESC>sarah.poole1@va.gov
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>44273
<POPADDRESS>Ohio Western Reserve National Cemetery
</PRESOL>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>ACC OO
<LOCATION>ACC-AFG (W91B4N) RCC-AFG
<ZIP>09354
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>562111
<OFFADD>APO APO AE 1 09354
<SUBJECT>Kandahar Airfield Waste Removal
<SOLNBR>PANAFG-20-P-0000
<RESPDATE>103119
<CONTACT>Kiley J. Sommers, Contract Specialist, Email kiley.j.sommers.ctr@mail.mil
<DESC>Removal of waste from Kandahar Airfield, approximatley&nbsp;&nbsp;16,080 cubic meters (m3) per month. This includes:
<div>&nbsp;Municipal wastes (general wastes and Dining Facility (DFAC) wastes)<br />Plastic Bottles<br />Aluminum Cans<br />Plastic recyclable waste<br />Cardboard recyclable waste<br />Scrap wood/pallets recyclable waste<br />Mattresses<br />Styrofoam<br />Glass items<br />Wastewaster treatment plant sludge<br />Munson Burner and Incinerator ash<br />Non-hazardous Controlled Wastes includes (but not limited to): Used oil and fuel filters, aerosol cans, cleaning compounds, paints, used toner cartridges, adhesives, fire extinguisher powder, grease, water contaminated with petroleum products, aqueous film forming foam, respirator cartridges, Hesco wire, crushed fluorescent tubes, punctured aerosol cans, alkaline batteries, unusable storage tanks (poly or metal).<br /></div>
<div><br /></div>
<div>See attached RFI for further information</div>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/50ac60ae0f4e035e8429a99b40630483
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>AF
<POPADDRESS>Kandahar Airfield, Afghanistan
Kandahar Airfield, 1
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>ACC OO
<LOCATION>ACC-AFG (W91B4N) RCC-AFG
<ZIP>09354
<CLASSCOD>91
<NAICS>424720
<OFFADD>APO APO AE 1 09354
<SUBJECT>Request For Information (RFI); Aviation Fuel Delivery in Afghanistan
<SOLNBR>W91B4N-20-SS-0001
<RESPDATE>110119
<ARCHDATE>11042019
<CONTACT>Alan Underhill, Contracting Officer, Phone 3184813220, Email alan.r.underhill.civ@mail.mil - Christopher M. Laird, Contract Specialist, Phone 3184810341, Email christopher.m.laird2.civ@mail.mil
<DESC>The purpose of this Request For Information (RFI) Sources Sought (SS) notice is to obtain market research information to assist the Government in meeting the requirement detailed&nbsp;in the attached Statement of Work (SOW) and "FBO RFI SS-Aviaiton Fuel" document.<br /><br />The requirement, as described in the SOW, is for delivery of JP-8 Aviation Turbine Fuel to facilities of the Afghanistan National Defense and Security Forces (ANDSF) Ministry of Defense (MoD) Afghan Air Force (AAF).
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/b236c309757138c7322a48b86eb48e1f
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>8000 Jefferson Davis Highway Richmond VA 23297-5000
<SUBJECT>VANE, COMPRESSOR, AIR
<SOLNBR>SPE4A5-20-R-0076
<RESPDATE>121519
<CONTACT>Sharon A. Hall, Acquisition Specialist, Phone 8042793266, Email sharon.hall@dla.mil
<DESC><p>PLEASE REVIEW THE BELOW NSN AND PROVIDE US WITH ANY SOURCES THAT ARE ABLE TO MANUFACTURE THE ITEM. PLEASE PROVIDE THE LOCATION (CITY AND STATE) OF THE MANUFACTURER AND POINTS OF CONTRACT. PLEASE PROVIDE THIS TO SHARON HALL AT SHARON.HALL@DLA.MIL.<br /><br />NSN: 2840-00-956-3406&nbsp; PART NUMBER: 478950<br /><br />THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR A PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT.&nbsp; NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A5-20-R-0076/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>23297
<POPADDRESS>8000 JEFFERSON DAVIS HIGHWAY
RICHMOND, VA
</SRCSGT>


<SRCSGT>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>VA North Texas Health Care System
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs No. Texas Health Care System
<ZIP>75216
<CLASSCOD>S
<NAICS>812332
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;NCO 17 North Texas Healthcare System;NCO 17 Network Contracting Activity;124 E. Hwy 67;Dallas TX  75216
<SUBJECT>S--NEW - ELP VA UNIFORM REPLACEMENT/LAUNDRY SERVICES    
<SOLNBR>36C25720Q0006
<RESPDATE>111119
<ARCHDATE>02092020
<CONTACT>Charles L. Brown, Jr. - Contract Specialist
Charles.Brown9@va.gov

<a href="mailto:charles.brown9@va.gov">Charles.Brown9@va.gov</a>
<DESC>Introduction

This Sources Sought is issued solely for information and planning purposes only. This is not an Invitation for Bids, a Request for Quotation, or a Request for Proposal, nor does it restrict the Government s decision on the ultimate acquisition approach. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice will not be used as an Offer and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract.  Any contract/order(s) that might be awarded based on information received or derived from this market research will be the outcome of a separate process.

The Department of Veterans Affairs North Texas VA Health Care System located in Dallas, Texas is conducting a market survey to help determine the availability and technical capability of qualified small businesses, veteran-owned small businesses, service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses and/or HUBZone small businesses capable of serving the needs identified below. 

The purpose of this notice is to obtain information regarding: (1) the availability and capability of qualified small business sources; (2) whether they are small businesses; HUBZone small businesses; service-disabled, veteran-owned small businesses; 8(a) small businesses; veteran-owned small businesses; woman-owned small businesses; or small disadvantaged businesses; and (3) their size classification relative to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for the proposed acquisition.

Your responses to the information requested will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method, including whether a set-aside is possible.

PROJECT REQUIREMENTS: 

The requirements listed in the following Scope of Work are to be applied upon issuance of the service/maintenance contract for the El Paso VAMC, 5001 N. Piedras, El Paso, TX  79930 for the period January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020. 

General Objectives and Requirements 
This requirement is for providing and maintaining work uniforms for the Emergency Management System Personnel at the El Paso Veterans Administration Health Care System (ELPVAHCS) located at 5001 North Piedras Street, El Paso, TX 79920-5001. Initial uniform issues shall consist of 11 sets for each employee working 5-day week. All initial uniform issue and subsequent new employee issue shall be newly issued uniforms. The Period of Performance will be from date of award for a 5-year term (base plus 4). 
¨ Title of project:  
     Uniform Contract 
¨ Authority for the project 
     All services must adhere to VHA Handbook 1850.04, Employee Uniforms, dated  
                November 4, 2011.

¨ Purpose of the project

It is the intent of the Government obtain a contractor who can provide cleaning and replacement uniforms used by Veterans Affairs personnel.  There is a chance that some uniforms shall have the potential for exposure to blood born pathogen contamination or other biohazard material.
 
EPVAHCS requires uniforms to be supplied in various sizes, quantities, and for various work schedules. 

Shall need all soiled uniforms picked up, counted, laundered, and delivered  
clean once a week.  

Tracking of soiled items that leave the facility and clean items that are delivered to the station is also required. It is expected that the number of soiled uniforms collected in one week are the same number of clean uniforms delivered the next week.   

 ¨ Background 

    ELPVAHCS is a Level 3 (which is the lowest level) hospital.  These uniforms may be  
    used in direct patient contact with exposure to blood born pathogen contamination or  
    other biohazard material.   

¨ Scope and methodology 

Replacement policy & costs
Damage rate for each item
ELPVAHCS logo & employee service patches cost
Uniform alterations
Service charge 
Alternate drop off & pick up location
Dirty uniform storage/receptacles
Clean uniform storage/receptacles
Time frame after uniforms are measured for initial delivery
Time frame for delivery of new employee s uniforms
All soiled uniforms picked up from the previous week shall be cleaned, pressed (ironed) and delivered to the appropriate place within one week. 
Handle soiled uniforms that need repair separately and make repair or a replace garment, within one week of pick up.  
Replace uniform garments due to fair wear and tear within one week of being returned.  Replacements shall be new or nearly new in quality. 
Provide separate containers for clean and soiled uniforms and microfiber mops.
Provide Initial uniforms as per type and quantities mentioned above, all uniforms must have the VA logo patch attached and department patch.
Veterans Affairs logo Patches shall be provided by the contractor and visibly displayed on shirt
Tasks and Associated Deliverables

  ¨ Description of tasks and associated deliverables
   Item #
Description 
Base
Qty
Unit
Estimated Cost

MEN S LONG SLEEVE SHIRT
*Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with a button-down collar
*Color Light blue
*9 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CARGO WORK PANTS
*Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with cargo pocket on each leg
*Color Navy
*Cargo Pant Style
*9 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CHINO COTTON SHIRT
*Cotton or Cotton Blend chino style shirt with a banded collar,  
  reinforced with stress points and a wide back yoke for ease of 
  movement
*Color Light Blue
*Chino Shirt Style
22 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CARGO WORK PANTS
Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with cargo pocket on each leg
Color Navy
Cargo Pant Style
22 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S LONG SLEEVE DENIM SHIRT
Denim shirt with a button-down collar
Color Light Blue (Denim)
10 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S DENIM WORK JEANS
 Denim four or five pocket heavy duty denim pants with 
  reinforced seems at stress points
 Color Denim
 Jean Pant Style
10 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S POPLIN SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT
 Cotton or Cotton Blend lightweight blouse with a notched lapel.  
  Left or right pocket and hemmed sleeves
 Color Light blue
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S FLEXIBLE WAISTBAND PANTS
 Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with elastic waistband for extended  
  range of motion
 Color Navy
 Women s Style
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S BUTTON-DOWN LONG SLEEVE SHIRT 
 Cotton or Cotton Blend 2 ply with a button-down collar
 Color Light blue
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S FLEXIBLE WAISTBAND PANTS
 Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with elastic waistband for extended range of motion
 Color Navy
 Women s Style
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


FLAT FRONT WORK PANTS
 Durable canvas weave pants that are wrinkle resistant with double  
  needle stitching.  Deep front pockets with wider and longer belt  
  loops.
 Color Charcoal
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MINI CHECK WORK SHIRT
 Button-through left pocket, yarn-dyed poplin shirt.  Banded collar    
  with sewn-in stays.
 Color White/Blue check
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month

                                                                                          Total Price 



   Item #
Description 
Option Year 1
Qty
Unit
Estimated Cost

MEN S LONG SLEEVE SHIRT
*Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with a button-down collar
*Color Light blue
*9 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CARGO WORK PANTS
*Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with cargo pocket on each leg
*Color Navy
*Cargo Pant Style
*9 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CHINO COTTON SHIRT
*Cotton or Cotton Blend chino style shirt with a banded collar,  
  reinforced with stress points and a wide back yoke for ease of 
  movement
*Color Light Blue
*Chino Shirt Style
22 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CARGO WORK PANTS
Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with cargo pocket on each leg
Color Navy
Cargo Pant Style
22 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S LONG SLEEVE DENIM SHIRT
Denim shirt with a button-down collar
Color Light Blue (Denim)
10 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S DENIM WORK JEANS
 Denim four or five pocket heavy duty denim pants with 
  reinforced seems at stress points
 Color Denim
 Jean Pant Style
10 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S POPLIN SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT
 Cotton or Cotton Blend lightweight blouse with a notched lapel.  
  Left or right pocket and hemmed sleeves
 Color Light blue
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S FLEXIBLE WAISTBAND PANTS
 Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with elastic waistband for extended  
  range of motion
 Color Navy
 Women s Style
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S BUTTON-DOWN LONG SLEEVE SHIRT 
 Cotton or Cotton Blend 2 ply with a button-down collar
 Color Light blue
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S FLEXIBLE WAISTBAND PANTS
 Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with elastic waistband for extended range of motion
 Color Navy
 Women s Style
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


FLAT FRONT WORK PANTS
 Durable canvas weave pants that are wrinkle resistant with double  
  needle stitching.  Deep front pockets with wider and longer belt  
  loops.
 Color Charcoal
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MINI CHECK WORK SHIRT
 Button-through left pocket, yarn-dyed poplin shirt.  Banded collar    
  with sewn-in stays.
 Color White/Blue check
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month

                                                                                          Total Price 


   Item #
Description
Option Year 2 
Qty
Unit
Estimated Cost

MEN S LONG SLEEVE SHIRT
*Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with a button-down collar
*Color Light blue
*9 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CARGO WORK PANTS
*Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with cargo pocket on each leg
*Color Navy
*Cargo Pant Style
*9 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CHINO COTTON SHIRT
*Cotton or Cotton Blend chino style shirt with a banded collar,  
  reinforced with stress points and a wide back yoke for ease of 
  movement
*Color Light Blue
*Chino Shirt Style
22 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CARGO WORK PANTS
Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with cargo pocket on each leg
Color Navy
Cargo Pant Style
22 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S LONG SLEEVE DENIM SHIRT
Denim shirt with a button-down collar
Color Light Blue (Denim)
10 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S DENIM WORK JEANS
 Denim four or five pocket heavy duty denim pants with 
  reinforced seems at stress points
 Color Denim
 Jean Pant Style
10 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S POPLIN SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT
 Cotton or Cotton Blend lightweight blouse with a notched lapel.  
  Left or right pocket and hemmed sleeves
 Color Light blue
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S FLEXIBLE WAISTBAND PANTS
 Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with elastic waistband for extended  
  range of motion
 Color Navy
 Women s Style
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S BUTTON-DOWN LONG SLEEVE SHIRT 
 Cotton or Cotton Blend 2 ply with a button-down collar
 Color Light blue
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S FLEXIBLE WAISTBAND PANTS
 Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with elastic waistband for extended range of motion
 Color Navy
 Women s Style
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


FLAT FRONT WORK PANTS
 Durable canvas weave pants that are wrinkle resistant with double  
  needle stitching.  Deep front pockets with wider and longer belt  
  loops.
 Color Charcoal
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MINI CHECK WORK SHIRT
 Button-through left pocket, yarn-dyed poplin shirt.  Banded collar    
  with sewn-in stays.
 Color White/Blue check
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month

                                                                                          Total Price 


   Item #
Description 
Option Year 3
Qty
Unit
Estimated Cost

MEN S LONG SLEEVE SHIRT
*Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with a button-down collar
*Color Light blue
*9 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CARGO WORK PANTS
*Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with cargo pocket on each leg
*Color Navy
*Cargo Pant Style
*9 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CHINO COTTON SHIRT
*Cotton or Cotton Blend chino style shirt with a banded collar,  
  reinforced with stress points and a wide back yoke for ease of 
  movement
*Color Light Blue
*Chino Shirt Style
22 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CARGO WORK PANTS
Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with cargo pocket on each leg
Color Navy
Cargo Pant Style
22 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S LONG SLEEVE DENIM SHIRT
Denim shirt with a button-down collar
Color Light Blue (Denim)
10 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S DENIM WORK JEANS
 Denim four or five pocket heavy duty denim pants with 
  reinforced seems at stress points
 Color Denim
 Jean Pant Style
10 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S POPLIN SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT
 Cotton or Cotton Blend lightweight blouse with a notched lapel.  
  Left or right pocket and hemmed sleeves
 Color Light blue
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S FLEXIBLE WAISTBAND PANTS
 Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with elastic waistband for extended  
  range of motion
 Color Navy
 Women s Style
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S BUTTON-DOWN LONG SLEEVE SHIRT 
 Cotton or Cotton Blend 2 ply with a button-down collar
 Color Light blue
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S FLEXIBLE WAISTBAND PANTS
 Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with elastic waistband for extended range of motion
 Color Navy
 Women s Style
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


FLAT FRONT WORK PANTS
 Durable canvas weave pants that are wrinkle resistant with double  
  needle stitching.  Deep front pockets with wider and longer belt  
  loops.
 Color Charcoal
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MINI CHECK WORK SHIRT
 Button-through left pocket, yarn-dyed poplin shirt.  Banded collar    
  with sewn-in stays.
 Color White/Blue check
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month

                                                                                          Total Price 


   Item #
Description 
Option Year 4
Qty
Unit
Estimated Cost

MEN S LONG SLEEVE SHIRT
*Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with a button-down collar
*Color Light blue
*9 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CARGO WORK PANTS
*Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with cargo pocket on each leg
*Color Navy
*Cargo Pant Style
*9 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CHINO COTTON SHIRT
*Cotton or Cotton Blend chino style shirt with a banded collar,  
  reinforced with stress points and a wide back yoke for ease of 
  movement
*Color Light Blue
*Chino Shirt Style
22 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S CARGO WORK PANTS
Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with cargo pocket on each leg
Color Navy
Cargo Pant Style
22 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S LONG SLEEVE DENIM SHIRT
Denim shirt with a button-down collar
Color Light Blue (Denim)
10 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MEN S DENIM WORK JEANS
 Denim four or five pocket heavy duty denim pants with 
  reinforced seems at stress points
 Color Denim
 Jean Pant Style
10 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S POPLIN SHORT SLEEVE SHIRT
 Cotton or Cotton Blend lightweight blouse with a notched lapel.  
  Left or right pocket and hemmed sleeves
 Color Light blue
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S FLEXIBLE WAISTBAND PANTS
 Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with elastic waistband for extended  
  range of motion
 Color Navy
 Women s Style
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S BUTTON-DOWN LONG SLEEVE SHIRT 
 Cotton or Cotton Blend 2 ply with a button-down collar
 Color Light blue
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


WOMEN S FLEXIBLE WAISTBAND PANTS
 Cotton or Cotton Blend Twill with elastic waistband for extended range of motion
 Color Navy
 Women s Style
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


FLAT FRONT WORK PANTS
 Durable canvas weave pants that are wrinkle resistant with double  
  needle stitching.  Deep front pockets with wider and longer belt  
  loops.
 Color Charcoal
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month


MINI CHECK WORK SHIRT
 Button-through left pocket, yarn-dyed poplin shirt.  Banded collar    
  with sewn-in stays.
 Color White/Blue check
3 employees working an average of 5 days per week
11
month

                                                                                          Total Price 


 ¨ Requirements

ELPVAHCS requires uniforms to be supplied in various sizes, quantities, and for various work schedules. 

Shall need all soiled uniforms picked up, counted, laundered, and delivered  
clean once a week.  
Tracking of soiled items that leave the facility and clean items that are delivered to the station is also required. It is expected that the number of soiled uniforms collected in one week are the same number of clean uniforms delivered the next week. 

Method of Delivery

The Contractor shall make use of commercial best practices in the packing and shipment of packages, unless otherwise stated in this order.

Delivery Address:
El Paso VAHCS
5001 N. Piedras
El Paso, TX  79930

The Contractor shall schedule on-site delivery with the COR during normal working hours between Monday and Friday, 8:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m., local time, excluding Federal Holidays. Work outside of Normal Business Hours is not authorized unless pre-approved by the Contracting Officer and the COR.  Work outside of Normal Working hours shall not result in extra costs incurred against the government.

Legal Holidays Observed by the ELPVAHCS
 
New Year s Day   01 January
Martin Luther King s Birthday   Third Monday in January
President s Day   Third Monday in February
Memorial Day   Last Monday in May
Independence Day   04 July
Labor Day   First Monday in September
Columbus Day   Second Monday in October
Veterans Day   11 November
Thanksgiving Day   Fourth Thursday in November
Christmas   25 December


Period of Performance (POP)

POP shall be one year from time of award with 4, one-year option periods.

Place of Performance

The work shall be performed at the contractor s site.  Meetings and project planning activities shall be performed at the government s site.

Organizational Conflict of Interest

The offeror s attention is directed to FAR Subpart 9.5, Organizational Conflicts of Interest. Any potential conflict of interest issues shall be considered prior to award of the work to be performed.

Contractor Employees

The contractor shall ensure that contractor personnel identify themselves as contractors when attending meetings, answering government telephones, providing any type of written correspondence, or working in situations where their actions could be construed as official government acts.

Quality Assurance

The Government intends to utilize a Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP) to monitor the quality of the contractor s performance.  The oversight provided for in the order and in the QASP shall help to ensure that service levels reach and maintain the required levels throughout the contract term.  Further, the QASP provides the COR with a proactive way to avoid unacceptable or deficient performance and provides verifiable input for the required Past Performance Information Assessments.  The QASP shall be finalized immediately following award and a copy provided to the Contractor after award.   The QASP is a living document and may be updated by the Government as necessary.

Government Furnished Equipment (GFE)/ Information (GFI)/Facilities

None.

 QUOTATION PREPARATION INSTRUCTIONS

The proposal submission should include the Technical and Management approach for providing services.  Your quotation shall be submitted by end date of solicitation to Toni A. Clendenen, Branch Chief, Services 2 by mail at the physical address listed below:

NCO 17 Contracting Office, 
124E HWY 67
Duncanville, 
TX 75104

 Small Business Participation

Socio-economic consideration is given to small business in accordance with FAR 8.405-f(a). 
 
 EVALUATION CRITERIA

Evaluation factors are listed in descending order of importance

Past Performance.  past performance with other Government contracts should include a history of customer satisfaction and collaboration. Past performance information will be utilized to determine the quality of the contractor s past performance as it relates to the probability of success of the required effort. 
Technical Approach.   demonstrate the method for accomplishing the tasks outlined in the Statement of Work and an approach that is likely to yield the required results within the required time frame.
Management.  Demonstrate the academic, technical, and professional qualifications and the "sufficiency of key personnel proposed" are the most important aspects of the management approach and staffing.  Demonstration of your overall approach to managing the project, the proposed performance metrics approach to required quality assurance, configuration management, risk management, and project management plans. 
Cost / Price. 

Non-cost factors when combined are approximately equal to cost/price. 

PERSONNEL

Personnel.  The contractor shall provide in writing the name and phone number of a person within (10) ten calendar days of the award of the contract.  The personnel shall be qualified and experienced to oversee the personnel assigned to perform the installation and maintenance services.  The contractor shall correspond with the COR on a regular basis to discuss any problems that the contractor or contractor s personnel may be experiencing during the performance of this contract.  Unresolved problems shall be referred to the Contracting Officer for resolution. 

Contractor Service Personnel (CSP). All subcontractors performing work for primary contractor shall meet all specifications and standards that apply to CSP under this agreement.  CSP shall maintain clean and neat appearance and shall wear an identification badge always when performing services at the Government site.  Identification badges shall be worn in a clearly visible area of the outer garment.  The COR shall furnish this badge.  Due to conflict of interest, the contractor shall not employ a current DOD employee, military or civilian to provide services under this contract.

Government point of contact (POC).  The COR shall be the Government s POC.  If required, the COR shall be designated in writing to the Contractor and the scope of authority shall be set forth therein.  Contractor shall respond only to calls from COR or a designated representative from the Medical Center.

SECURITY STATEMENT:  The Vendor and all VA employees are required to immediately report any security violations to the Information Security Officer.  No other security statements are required.

13. ACRONYMS AND DEFINITIONS

Contracting Officer (CO).  A person duly appointed with the authority to enter into and administer contracts on behalf of the U.S. Government.

Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). An individual designated in writing by the Contracting Officer to act as an authorized representative of the Contracting Officer to perform specific contract administrative functions within the scope and limitations as defined by the Contracting Officer.


 14.  INSURANCE:

Worker compensation and employer's liability. Contractors are required to comply with applicable Federal and State Worker Compensation and occupational disease statutes.

General Liability. Contractors are required to have Bodily Injury Liability Insurance coverage written on the comprehensive form of policy of at least $500,000 per occurrence.


Property Damage Liability. Contractors are required to have Property Damage Liability insurance coverage of at least $500,000.


    15. CONTRACT TIME PERIOD:

Contract period of performance shall be from October 1, 2019 to September 30, 2020 for the base year on this Solid Waste Removal Contract. Contract may be canceled at any time with a thirty (30) day written notice.


  16. QUALITY ASSURANCE SURVEILANCE PLAN (QASP):

COR shall use surveillance methods listed below in the administration of this QASP.

DIRECT OBSERVATION.  (Can be performed periodically or through 100% surveillance.)  
COR shall periodically review major aspects of the PWS to include response time, quality of services provided, and equipment uptime.
COR shall utilize direct observations both from the COR, as well as those of the using department or section to ensure a full 360-degree review of the level of service provided.

PERIODIC INSPECTION. (Evaluates outcomes on a periodic basis. Inspections shall be unscheduled, as required.)
COR shall routinely inspect service records supplied by vendor with using service to ensure quality of service and positive customer interaction.
COR shall periodically monitor interaction of vendor with using service to ensure services are provided timely, efficiently, and meet the customer s needs.




VALIDATED USER/CUSTOMER COMPLAINTS.  (Relies on the patient to identify deficiencies.  Complaints are then investigated and validated.)

COR shall routinely engage customers in discussions regarding services rendered and ensure that all communications from the vendor are professional.
COR shall review customer complaints regarding system maintenance, downtime, and general communication with vendor, to ensure vendor is aware of any situations where a high-quality of service may have been compromised.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/VANTHCS/VANTHCS/36C25720Q0006/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<EMAIL>
<EMAIL>charles.brown9@va.gov
<DESC>Charles.Brown9@va.gov
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>United States
<POPZIP>79920-5001
<POPADDRESS>Department of Veterans Affairs;VA El Paso Healthcare System;ATTN: Facility Support Service;5001 North Piedras Street;El Paso, TX
</SRCSGT>


<SNOTE>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>Network Contracting Office 4
<LOCATION>Veterans Integrated Service Network 4 Facilities
<ZIP>15215
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>811219
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;Network Contracting Office 4
<SUBJECT>J--Intent to sole source notice | Full service maintenance of Accuray tomotherapy system - PGH   
<SOLNBR>36C24420Q0063
<ARCHDATE>11012019
<CONTACT>David M. Santiago
David.Santiago2@va.gov
412-822-3746

<a href="mailto:David.Santiago2@va.gov">Contracting Officer</a>
<DESC>Intent to Sole Source Accuray Tomotherapy
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/PiVAMC646/PiVAMC646/36C24420Q0063/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<EMAIL>
<EMAIL>David.Santiago2@va.gov
<DESC>Contracting Officer
<SETASIDE>N/A
</SNOTE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>488190
<OFFADD>488190
<SUBJECT>15--CROTCH,AIR INLET
<SOLNBR>SPE4A520T2351
<RESPDATE>112919
<ARCHDATE>12292019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560016063638 CROTCH,AIR INLET:
Line 0001 Qty 48.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION JACKSONVILLE By: 0431 DAYS ADOApproved source is 78286 70302-10015-042.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A520T2351/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>16--RAIL ASSEMBLY,RESTR
<SOLNBR>SPE4A020T0212
<RESPDATE>110419
<ARCHDATE>12042019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1670002534795 RAIL ASSEMBLY,RESTR:
Line 0001 Qty 1.000  UI EA  Deliver To: MARINE AVIATION LOGISTICS By: 0005 DAYS ADOApproved source is 81868 11768-101.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A020T0212/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>48
<NAICS>332911
<OFFADD>332911
<SUBJECT>48--VALVE,SOLENOID
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T3915
<RESPDATE>110719
<ARCHDATE>12072019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 4810009390260 VALVE,SOLENOID:
Line 0001 Qty 35.00  UI EA  Deliver To: DLA DISTRIBUTION DEPOT OKLAHOMA By: 0259 DAYS ADOApproved source is 64547 135096.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T3915/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>15--PANEL,STRUCTURAL,AI
<SOLNBR>SPE4A520T2326
<RESPDATE>110719
<ARCHDATE>12072019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560016730965 PANEL,STRUCTURAL,AI:
Line 0001 Qty 23.00  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0208 DAYS ADOApproved source is 78286 70500-52068-083.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A520T2326/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>15
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>336413
<SUBJECT>15--SKIN,AIRCRAFT
<SOLNBR>SPE4A520T2353
<RESPDATE>110719
<ARCHDATE>12072019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 1560016121185 SKIN,AIRCRAFT:
Line 0001 Qty 2.000  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0165 DAYS ADOApproved source is 76301 75A732310-2010.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A520T2353/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>444190
<OFFADD>444190
<SUBJECT>59--CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC
<SOLNBR>SPE4A620T4037
<RESPDATE>110419
<ARCHDATE>12042019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer listed in block 5 of the solicitation document which can be found under the Additional Information link.
If the Additional Information link does not work, please go to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/Solicitations/ and type the solicitation number in the Global Search box.
<DESC>Proposed procurement for NSN 5995016326583 CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC:
Line 0001 Qty 30.00  UI EA  Deliver To: W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION By: 0154 DAYS ADOApproved sources are 1RWE7 8900-96812-0000; 5TWH2 8900-96812-0000.
The solicitation is an RFQ and will be available at the link provided in this notice.  Hard copies of this solicitation are not available. Specifications, plans, or drawings are not available.
All responsible sources may submit a quote which, if timely received, shall be considered.
Quotes must be submitted electronically.

<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR-BSM/SPE4A620T4037/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</COMBINE>


<COMBINE>
<DATE>1027
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>DLA Acquisition Locations
<LOCATION>DLA Aviation - BSM
<ZIP>23297
<CLASSCOD>59
<NAICS>335313
<OFFADD>335313
<SUBJECT>59--CIRCUIT BREAKER BOX
<SOLNBR>SPE4A520T2373
<RESPDATE>111219
<ARCHDATE>12122019
<CONTACT>Questions regarding this solicitation should be emailed to the buyer 