# FBOFeed20191018

<PRESOL>
<DATE>1018
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>ACC OO
<LOCATION>411TH CSB (W90VN8) RCO CASEY
<ZIP>96205-5289
<CLASSCOD>D
<NAICS>517919
<OFFADD>Unit #15289 APO 1 96205-5289
<SUBJECT>DATA COMMUNICATION LEASE 
<SOLNBR>W91QVN20R0016BOA
<ARCHDATE>11182019
<CONTACT>CHIN SUK CHONG, CONTRACT SPECIALIST, Phone 8205033548081, Email chin.s.chong2.ln@mail.mil - THOMAS BRANNEN, CONTRACTING OFFICER, Phone 825033553376, Email thomas.e.brannen2.civ@mail.mil
<DESC><p>THIS IS A NOTICE OF INTEND TO LIMIT SOURCES FOR TELECOMMUNICATION BASIC ORDERING AGREEMENTS (BOA)&nbsp;UNDER FAR 8.405-6(c)(2).<br /><br />THIS REQUIRMENT WILL BE SOLICIT ONLY TREE COMPANIES -KT, LGU+ AND SKT THAT HAVE THE ABILITY TO PROVIDE TELECOMMUNICATION SUPPORT FOR THE SERVICE REQUIRMENTS BY USKF. <br /><br />THE LIMITED SOURCE JUSTIFICATION&nbsp;WILL BE POSTED.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/cf92191ceb0f1c04144a5e30a2292dec
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>KR
<POPADDRESS>USFK WIDE
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1018
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>ACC OO
<LOCATION>411TH CSB (W91QVN) PARC OFFICE CAMP HUMPHREYS
<ZIP>96205-0062
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541612
<OFFADD>
<SUBJECT>Military Personnel Division and Transition Center
<SOLNBR>W91QVN20R0015
<RESPDATE>110119
<CONTACT>Robert S. Lee, Contract Specialist, Phone 3157553406, Email robert.s.lee60.mil@mail.mil - U NAN.YI, Contract Specialist, Phone 01182279146947, Email unan.yi4.ln@mail.mil
<DESC>This is a draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) and serves as a pre-solicitation notice. Vendors should use for preliminary planning purposes. No proposals are being requested or accepted with this document. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS AND NO CONTRACT SHALL BE AWARDED FROM THE DOCUMENT. The purpose of this notice is to provide knowledge to potential qualified sources. <br /><br />This pre-solicitation notice is issued by the government to make appropriate acquisition notification. A solicitation will be issued on or about 2nd week of November 2019.<br /><br />The 411th Contracting Support Brigade (CSB), Korea is seeking sources to perform non-personal service to provide MPD and TC support to the United States Forces Korea (USFK). Government anticipated using Firm Fixed Price contract type with cost reimbursable CLINs for the requirement.<br /><br />PART 1
<p>General Information</p>
<p>1. GENERAL: This is a non-personal services contract to provide Military Human Resources (HR), Military Personnel Division (MPD), Garrison S1, Transition Center (TC), and Retirement Services Office (RSO) services for Soldiers, Command Sponsored Dependents, DoD Civilians and Retiree's assigned to US Army in the Republic of Korea (ROK). The Government will not exercise any supervision or control over the contract service providers performing the services herein. Such contract service providers shall be accountable solely to the contractor who, in turn is responsible to the Government.</p>
<p>1.1 Description of Services/Introduction: The contractor shall provide military HR required for MPD, S1, TC and RSO services for Soldiers, Command Sponsored Dependents, DoD Civilians and Retiree's assigned to US Army in the Republic of Korea (ROK).</p>
<p>1.2 Background: The primary workload shall be performed at four Garrisons for support at site organizations. The contractor shall provide all MPD, Garrison S1, TC, and RSO military HR services to Installation Management Command Pacific (IMCOM P) Korea at four (4) Garrisons (Areas I, II, III, IV (see TAB C-Map of Areas I-IV)), and the non-Personnel Services Delivery Redesign (PSDR) units located across the Korean peninsula (see TAB D List of Organizations to include non-PSDR Units).<br /><br />1.3 Type of Contract: The government will award a Firm-Fixed Price contract.</p>
<p>1.4 Objectives:</p>
<p>&bull; Data Accuracy: Accuracy of information impacts not only on decisions made by Commanders, it<br />affects readiness and the common operating picture, and impacts Soldiers and their Families. For Soldiers, accurate information impacts their careers, retention, compensation, promotions, and general well-being. For Family members, accuracy of information is critical for next of kin (NOK) notification if a Soldier becomes a casualty. HR providers must understand the dynamic nature of the Army's HR Information System (HRIS) architecture and the fact that data input at the lowest level has direct impact on decisions being made at the highest level.</p>
<p>&bull; Timeliness: Timeliness ensures decision makers have access to relevant HR information and analysis that supports current and future operations. It also supports a near real-time common operational picture across all echelons of HR support.</p>
<p>&bull; Responsiveness: Responsiveness is providing the right support to the right place at the right time. It is the ability to meet ever-changing requirements on short notice and to apply HR support to meet changing circumstances during current and future operations. It involves identifying, accumulating, and maintaining sufficient resources, capabilities, and relevant information to enable commanders to make rapid decisions.</p>
<p>&bull; Integration: Maximize effectiveness by joining all elements of HR support (tasks, functions, systems, processes, and organizations) with operations ensuring unity of purpose and effort to accomplish the mission. Innovation and technology play a tremendous role in these objectives since only throughout innovation HR professional can keep remain relevant and provide the most effective ways for mission accomplishment.</p>
<p>&bull; Anticipation: Foresee events and requirements in order to initiate the appropriate HR support.</p>
<p>1.5 Scope: The contractor shall conduct daily functions under the general guidance of an appropriate Government/Military Official from IMCOM-P.</p>
<p>1.6 Period of Performance: The period of performance shall be for a phase-in period, one (1) 10.5 month base period and two (2) 12-month option periods. The Period of Performance reads as follows:</p>
<p>Phase-In Period: 15 February 2020 - 14 March 20120<br />Base Period: 15 March 2020 - 14 February 2021<br />Option Period I: 15 February 2021 - 14 February 2022<br />Option Period II: 15 February 2022 - 14 February 2023<br /><br />1.6.1 Phase-In Period: The contractor shall execute an effective phase-in period to address all requirements with minimal disruption to operations. The contractor shall assume full responsibility for work in each functional area by the end of the phase-in period. The contract awardee shall exercise their transition plan (submitted in conjunction with their Phase-In Plan) to the government, during the phase in and phase out period between contract award and termination.</p>
<p>1.6.2 Phase- Out Period: The services provided by this contract are vital to the Government's overall effort and services must be maintained without interruption. Therefore, during the 45-calendar day period immediately prior to the end of the contract, the current contractor shall, if applicable, permit the successor contractor to observe and become familiar with all operations under this contract. The contractor shall not defer any needed services for the purpose of avoiding responsibility or transferring such responsibility to the successor contractor.</p>
<p>1.7 Performance: The contractor shall perform all military HR MPD, S1, TC, and RSO functions in accordance with Department of Defense and Army regulations, policies, directives, local regulation and directives, and the contract. The contractor shall perform the administrative tasks required for the daily operation of the MPD, Garrison S1, TC and RSO.</p>
<p>1.7.1 Administrative: The contractor shall perform these tasks at each MPD, Garrison S1, TC and RSO:</p>
<p>a. Coordinate with the designated Contracting Officer Representative (COR) and/or Assistant Contracting Officer Representative (ACOR) concerning daily work flow requirements and priorities.</p>
<p>b. Perform general administrative tasks required for the daily operation of the MPD, Garrison S1, TC and RSO.</p>
<p>c. Maintain a customer service area to handle inquiries and refer clients to the appropriate MPD, TC and RSO section. Customer service areas shall operate during the established business hours.</p>
<p>d. Perform administrative duties such as data entry, desktop publishing, word processing, general clerical duties, uploading documents to iPERMS, taking notes at meetings, filing, photocopying, correspondence, daily distribution of requirements, and answering MPD, Garrison S1, TC and RSO telephone lines.</p>
<p>e. Maintain work areas in a safe, clean and orderly manner at all times.</p>
<p>f. Each specific task for MPD, Garrison S1, TC, and RSO are required to have a desk side Standard Operating Procedures (SOP). These SOPs will be kept current, pen and pencil updated as changes occur, then reprinted quarterly.</p>
<p>g. At Government's request, the contractor may be required to assist third party agencies during official investigations and inquiries such as Military Law Enforcement Agencies and Army Career Counselors. Assistance may include the following: provide Government's copies of inventories/logs, reports, and Soldier's personal files, and generate memorandum for record. The contractor shall ensure all releases of information to third parties are in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA).</p>
<p>1.8 Quality Control. The contractor shall develop and implement procedures to identify, prevent, and ensure non-recurrence of defective services</p>
<p>1.8.1 Quality Control Plan (QCP). The contractor shall develop and maintain an effective QCP to ensure services are performed in accordance with this PWS. The QCP must be a comprehensive plan to execute and deliver quality services to the Government. The contractor's QCP is the means by which he assures himself that his work complies with the requirement of the contract.</p>
<p>a. The contractor shall submit a QCP to the Government within 30 calendar days after the contract is awarded for review and acceptance.</p>
<p>b. The QCP shall be provided to the Contracting Officer (KO) with the contractor's proposal and shall be updated thereafter to maintain an effective and efficient quality control program.</p>
<p>c. The QCP shall be used by the contractor to collect data, evaluate and document performance against standards associated with each specific requirement. Performance is measured by assessing the required workload quantity in terms of quality and timeliness</p>
<p>d. Include the requirement to maintain documentation of all contractor quality control inspections and corrective actions to be maintained by the contractor throughout the term of this contract. Inspection documents and the corrective action taken shall be made available to the COR/ACOR and the KO or designated representative.</p>
<p>d. Must include a Quality Control Report (QCR).</p>
<p>e. After acceptance of the QCP the contractor will receive the KO's acceptance in writing of any proposed change to his QC system.</p>
<p>1.8.2. Quality Control Report (QCR).</p>
<p>a. Shall meet the objectives of the QCP, shall cover and prioritize all services described in this contract, and mirror the requirements of the Performance Requirements Summary (PRS) table.</p>
<p>b. Contain specific quality control techniques and standards for contract services identified in the PRS and Inspection of Services Clause list. The quality control methods shall be comprehensive and adaptable to the reporting systems of the QCP. Control measures must be specified and metrics developed to ensure accurate program monitoring.</p>
<p>c. Establish a monthly inspection system covering all services required by this contract. This plan shall specify areas to be inspected on either a scheduled or an unscheduled basis and the title of the individual who will do the inspection.</p>
<p>d. Submitted to the government COR/ACOR by the 5th working day of every month</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p><br />e. The contractor shall use the format below to create the QCR and measure each line item in the PRS table. See example below.</p>
<p>Required Service<br />PWS Paragraph PERFORMANCE STANDARD<br />What level of performance is required to meet the Performance Objective or Task? Acceptable Quality Level (AQL)<br />WHAT/DATA SOURCE<br />What are you going to inspect? HOW/METHOD OF ASSESSMENT<br />How are you going to inspect? see drop down list CALCULATION<br />How will you determine if the AQL and Standard are being achieved? REMEDY</p>
<p>Contract Management Para <br />The contractor shall develop and maintain an effective Quality Control Program (QCP) to ensure services are performed in accordance with this PWS 100% Contractor submits based on PWS requirement. Random Monitoring, 100% Inspection, Periodic Inspection, Customer Complaints, Periodic Sampling Contractor will submit (Pass/Fail)/AQL Corrected within 24 hours</p>
<p><br />1.8.3 Performance Requirements Summary (PRS) table. Describes a method acceptable to the Government of identifying deficiencies in the quality of service performed under this contract before the level of performance becomes unacceptable and address processes for corrective actions without dependence upon Government direction.</p>
<p>1.8.4. Customer Complaint Feedback. Include a customer complaint feedback system that is monitored for correction of validated complaints and to inform the Government of corrections using Interactive Customer Evaluation (ICE), a web-based tool that collects feedback on services provided by various organizations throughout the Department of Defense (DoD). The ICE system allows customers to submit online comment cards to provide feedback to the service providers they have encountered at military installations and related facilities around the world. It is designed to improve customer service by allowing managers to monitor the satisfaction levels of services provided through reports and customer comments. The QCP shall describe how the Government may identify problem areas or situations to the contractor. The customer complaint program shall be compatible with the reporting and communication systems of the QCP.</p>
<p>1.8.5. Quality Assurance: The government will evaluate the contractor's performance under this contract in accordance with the Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP). The QASP is primarily focused on what the Government must do to ensure that the contractor has performed in accordance with the performance standards. It defines how the performance standards will be applied, the frequency of surveillance, and the acceptable quality levels (AQLs). <br /><br />1.9 Hours of Operation: The contractor is responsible for conducting business between the hours of 0800-1700, Monday thru Friday except Federal holidays or when the Government facility is closed due to local or national emergencies, administrative closings, or similar Government directed facility closings. The contractor shall at all times maintain an adequate workforce for the uninterrupted performance of all tasks defined within this PWS when the Government facility is not closed for the above reasons. When hiring personnel, the contractor shall keep in mind that the stability and continuity of the workforce are essential. Each MPD, S1, TC and RSO shall be open and operational at least forty (40) hours per week. The hours of operation shall be established from 0800-1700 hours; not to exceed more than nine (9) consecutives hours per day, Monday - Friday except on legal holidays listed in this PWS 1.9.2. The COR/ACOR will establish each Garrison hours of operation in accordance with each Garrison Commander's guidance. The hours of operation may vary during installation closing due to inclement weather, force protection exercises, and/or special operations in which the contractor may not be permitted in the work area. Each Area Site Manager, or afore designated alternate, shall be physically available at the MPD area government facility between 0800 to 1700, Monday thru Friday except Federal holidays or when the government facility is closed as mentioned above.</p>
<p>1.9.1 No proposed or directed change in working hours shall be effective until approved in writing by the KO.</p>
<p>1.9.2 The contractor shall observe the following as legal public holidays. As such, the MPD and TC shall not be required to conduct normal operations on these holidays:</p>
<p>US Government legal holidays are as follows:</p>
<p>&bull; 1st January (New Year's Day)<br />&bull; 3rd Monday, January (Dr. King's Birthday)<br />&bull; 3rd Monday, February (President's Day)<br />&bull; Last Monday, May (Memorial Day)<br />&bull; 4th July (Independence Day)<br />&bull; 1st Monday, September (Labor Day)<br />&bull; 2nd Monday, October (Columbus Day)<br />&bull; 11th November (Veterans' Day)<br />&bull; 4th Thursday, November (Thanksgiving Day)<br />&bull; 25th December (Christmas Day)</p>
<p>1.10 Place of Performance: The work to be performed under this contract will be performed at Camp Casey, Yongsan, Camp Humphreys, Camp Henry, Camp Walker and Camp Carroll. Satellite sites might be established at other locations in order to support training exercises and the Korea Relocation Program. Contractor personnel may be required to visit other installation offices in the execution of their duties.</p>
<p>1.10.1. The Project Manager, or afore designated alternate, shall be physically available at the Camp Humphreys MPD government facility between 0800 to 1700, Monday thru Friday except Federal holidays or when the government facility is closed for administrative reasons or when conducting quarterly Quality Control Inspections at other Area MPDs.</p>
<p>1.10.2. Each Area Site Manager, or afore designated alternate, shall be physically available at the MPD area government facility between 0800 to 1700, Monday thru Friday except Federal holidays or when the government facility is closed for administrative reasons.</p>
<p>1.10.3. Place of performance is subject to change as personnel and resources shift from one garrison to another. The government reserves the right to direct/govern place of performance as required and necessary to support new mission requirements.</p>
<p>1.10.4 Satellite sites have fixed staff and equipment. They have no supervisory role over other locations but may support and travel to remote site.</p>
<p>1.10.5 Remote sites have no permanent staff or fixed equipment.</p>
<p>1.11 Special Qualifications: Contractor employees shall have HR Automation experience, have knowledge of HR doctrine, qualified, certified or licensed under the requirements specified in individual sections of the PWS prior to starting work. The contractor (Program Manager) shall maintain records of all HR Automation training qualifications, HR System Access requests, certifications, and licenses on each employee for the duration of their employment. These records shall be available to the COR/ACOR or designated representative upon request. The contractor shall provide internal training to ensure that employees remain qualified, certified, and licensed.</p>
<p>a. The government reserves the right to ask contractor to conduct and complete other required training. This training might include: Information Security/Assurance, Anti-Terrorism Training, Operations Security Training, Suicide Prevention Program, and Sexual Harassment Assault Response Prevention (SHARP) Program Training and any HR system(s) job specific training to gain access to the HRIS. IMCOM Operation Excellence (OPEX) Customer Service Training and Annual Refresher Training. New employees should complete OPEX within their first 30-90 days of employment. OPEX is a four-hour course for all employees. Key Position personnel shall attend the initial four-hour OPEX training to include OPEX for Leaders an additional four-hours of training. The cost of mandatory/required training is the full responsibility of the government.</p>
<p>b. Application for Status of Forces Agreement: Contractor shall submit the following documentation for each employee (1) Complete USFK Form 700-19A-R-E, IAW USFK, FKAQ Contractor SOFA Designation Request Process Guide, regardless if employee is TDY, part time employee or full time employee; (2) USFK Form 237-E, Provost Marshal Record Check; (3) Certification of Ordinary Residence Memorandum; (4) Copy of Passport Data Page for employee and/ or dependents. Additional documentation shall be required in some cases at the request of USFK, FKAQ. These requirements are subject to change at any time and without notice. All documentation shall be submitted thirty (30) calendar days after contract award. New Arrival SOFA Designation request shall be submitted to Responsible Officer (RO) and/ or COR within two weeks before the contractor start date whenever a new contractor employee is hired IAW USFK Regulation 700-19. Change of Data SOFA Designation requests shall be submitted to RO and/ or COR within one week after change has occurred and within three weeks of current 700-19 expiration date.</p>
<p>c. The contractor shall have knowledge of military HR Systems required to provide military HR services and support i.e. CITRIX, PERNET, EDAS, WebEdas, TOPMIS II, AIM2 and eMILPO, DAMPS-OCO-TCS, TRANSPROC, ISM (INPROC and OUTPROC) (not all inclusive) and any Korea specific military HR programs or programs required by the NEC. (IPPS-A upon implementation by Army)</p>
<p><br />1.12 Contracting Officer Representative (COR)/Assistant Contracting Officer Representative (ACOR): The COR/ACOR shall be designated in writing by the KO to act as his or her authorized representative to assist in administering this contract.. The COR/ACOR is responsible for technical administration of this contract and ensures proper government surveillance of the contractor's performance. The COR/ACORT is authorized to perform the following functions: assure that the contractor performs the technical requirements of the contract: perform inspections necessary in connection with contract performance: maintain written and oral communications with the contractor concerning technical aspects of the contract: issue written interpretations of technical requirements, including Government drawings, designs, specifications: monitor contractor's performance and notifies both the KO and contractor of any deficiencies; coordinate availability of government furnished property, and provide site entry of contractor personnel. A letter of designation issued to the COR/ACOR, a copy of which is sent to the contractor, states the responsibilities and limitations of the COR/ACOR, especially with regard to changes in cost or price, estimates or changes in delivery dates. The COR/ACOR is not authorized to change any of the terms and conditions of the resulting order.</p>
<p>1.13 Key Positions: The contractor shall provide qualified personnel to fill each of the Key Positions and perform the Key Position duties stated in Technical Exhibit 3. A single person may not fill more than one (1) Key Position at the same time. The contractor shall designate in writing, a primary and alternate Key Position point of contact. The contractor shall provide the names, telephone numbers, fax numbers, and e-mail addresses, as well as the individuals' level of authority. The contractor shall submit the same information for any person acting as an alternate to the COR/ACOR. Key personnel shall not be replaced or relocated without prior approval of the COR/ACOR and KO. The Program Manager shall have a minimum of 10 years of HR and HR Systems Automation experience. Site Managers shall have a minimum of 7-years of continuous HR and HR Systems Automation experience.</p>
<p>a. The contractor shall provide resumes and a side by side comparison of resume verses Key Position Qualifications for the personnel that will fill each of the Key Positions within seven (7) calendar days after contract award; and within 10 working days of start date to hire for any new Key Position. Each resume shall detail each of the supporting qualifications that meet all of the requirements stated in Technical Exhibit 3 for each Key Position. If the contractor fails to meet this requirement for any of the individual Key Positions, this shall be a material breach of this contract by the contractor and may result in the government terminating this contract for cause. The KO and COR/ACOR retains authority to approve and disapprove the persons to fill each Key Position based on the established criteria in Technical Exhibit 3. The KO will notify the contractor after receipt of all required information of the KO's decision to approve or disapprove each person for each Key Position. If the contractor fails to obtain the KO's approval for any of the personnel who are to fill Key Positions in advance of the date of any required performance by the Key Position, this shall be a material breach of this contract by the contractor and may result in the government terminating this contract for cause.</p>
<p>b. Throughout the duration of this contract performance, the KO and COR/ACOR retains authority to approve and disapprove the changing of any of the personnel in any of the Key Positions. Prior to substituting, removing, replacing, diverting, or otherwise changing any of the individuals in the Key Positions, the contractor shall notify the KO and COR/ACOR no less than 10 working days in advance of the proposed change, and at the time of notice to the KO and COR/ACOR the contractor shall submit the resume of the person that the contractor proposes to fill the Key Position. At this same time (no less than ten (10) working days prior to the proposed start date for the personnel change to begin contract performance), the resume shall detail each of the supporting qualifications that meet all of the Key Position requirements stated in Technical Exhibit 3. The KO and COR/ACOR will notify the contractor after receipt of all required information of the KO and COR/ACOR's decision to approve or disapprove the personnel change for the Key Position. If the contractor fails to meet this requirement within the specified timeframe for any of the individual Key Positions, this shall be a material breach of this contract by the contractor and may result in the government terminating this contract. If the contractor fails to obtain the KO and COR/ACOR approval for any of the personnel who are to fill Key Positions in advance of the date of any required performance by the Key Position, this shall be a material breach of this contract by the contractor and may result in the government terminating this contract for cause.</p>
<p>1.8.16. The contractor shall provide an organizational chart with their proposal and an updated copy within thirty (30) calendar days after contract award. The organizational chart shall include names, addresses, and telephone numbers of the contractor's point of contact, supervisory personnel, and key management personnel who shall serve as a focal point between the contractor and the Government to resolve problems and emergency situations. The contractor shall ensure that the chart shall remain current at all times and shall notify the KO/COR immediately, in writing, whenever changes are made.</p>
<p>1.8.17 Personnel: All contractor employees shall abide by pertinent regulations set forth in this PWS and all applicable Federal and local installation laws, policy or regulations. The contractor shall develop and update standing operating procedures (SOPs) as required in the performance of this PWS to sustain operations and process customer products. This shall be done IAW applicable regulations and as directed by the COR.</p>
<p>a. The contractor shall provide a workforce possessing the skills, knowledge, and training to satisfactorily perform the requirements of services included in this PWS. Contractor employees shall have the ability to proficiently communicate in the English language. Personnel performing work under this PWS shall remain employees of the contractor and shall not be considered employees of the Government.</p>
<p>b. The contractor shall be responsible for its employees' work performance, conduct, and behavior on duty and off duty. The contractor shall maintain provisions for the immediate removal of employees for misconduct or other causes prejudicial to the maintenance of health, welfare, morale or security. The contractor shall be aware of the Installation Commander's responsibility for the general security and well-being of personnel, and shall ensure that personnel removal provisions support the Installation Commander in this regard.</p>
<p>c. The Government has an inherent right under law, practice and regulation, to control access to its facilities, property and data, including those that are the subject of this contract. Access control privileges will be tailored to individual contractor personnel responsibilities. The Government and/ or COR will be the final authority in determining access privileges. The Government's exercise of its right to grant and revoke access by particular individual(s) to its facilities and automation systems and will not constitute a breach or change to this contract, regardless of whether said individual(s) are employed by the contractor, and regardless of whether said individuals are thereby precluded from performing work under this PWS.</p>
<p>1.8.18 Attire and Identification: The contractor shall develop dress code requirements subject to Government approval 14 calendar days after contract award. Contractor shall provide nametags and employees shall wear them at all times. Nametags shall be visible to customers and others at all times.</p>
<p>1.8.19 Travel: The Contractor shall be required to travel in performance of this contract. The contractor may be required to travel between installations within the Republic of Korea. The contractor shall be required to conduct one quality control visit quarterly not to exceed four total visits annually to the contractor-operated MPDs, Garrison S1, TCs and RSOs. RSO for Area II is responsible for traveling to Area I to provide RSO customer service not to exceed twice a month. RSO for Area III is responsible for traveling to Area IV to provide RSO customer service not to exceed twice a month. Contractors shall only be trained and funded by the government in skills they are not required to bring to the job, such, command unique rules, practices, procedures and/ or systems that are essential for the contractor's satisfactory contract performance. The cost of mandatory/required training is the full responsibility of IMCOM- P. All travel shall be conducted in accordance with FAR 31.205-46, "Travel Costs," and the Joint Travel Regulations (JTR) and shall be pre-approved by the COR/ACOR. For mission requirements the number of trips and personnel travelling shall be limited to the minimum number required to accomplish work requirements and shall be coordinated with the COR/ACOR</p>
<p>1.8.20. Inspections and Acceptance: The monthly QCR must be approved by the COR/ACOR.</p>
<p>1.8.21. Information Security and Government Systems Access: Contractor personnel shall require Common Access Cards, user accounts and system passwords for access to the Government's personal computer networks. Contractor staff shall be required to initiate paperwork for a national agency check as applicable and apply for HRIS access within thirty (30) calendar days after contract award and effective date of newly hired employees. All systems access request forms shall be signed by COR/ACOR.</p>
<p>1.8.22. Army Knowledge Online (AKO) accounts. Within thirty (30) calendar days of contract award, all contract employees shall apply for Army Knowledge Online (AKO) accounts. An AKO account is a prerequisite to access Korea domain and AHRS. Contract employees who are unable to apply for an AKO account in their own right or who choose to register as a DoD Contract Employee will use the COR/ACOR as the sponsor. Once the COR/ACOR certifies/validates the account, the contract employee will receive an email message confirming the account is active. After establishment of the Korea domain account, each contract employee shall update their AKO profile to have the AKO emails automatically forwarded to their Korea domain account. AKO accounts are verified/validated on a periodic basis and will be cancelled upon termination of employment or expiration of contract.</p>
<p>1.8.23. Security Requirements: Contractors are required to hold National Agency Check with Inquiry (NACI) with the exception of those identified in para 4.2. Additionally, they are responsible for safeguarding official and sensitive information. Failure to safeguard any official and sensitive information which may involve the contractor or the contractor's personnel or to which they may have access may subject the contractor and/or the contractor's employees to criminal liability under Title 18, section 793 and 7908 of the United States Code. Provisions of the Privacy Act apply to all records and reports maintained by the contractor. All programs and materials developed at government expense during the course of this contract are the property of the government. Contractor personnel shall be required to adhere to the security requirements of the Republic of Korea Theater of operation.</p>
<p>1.8.24. Key Control: The contractor shall appoint the Site Manager as the Key Control custodian, who will establish, implement and maintain records for ensuring that all keys issued to contractor employees by the Government are not lost or misplaced, and are not used by unauthorized persons by utilizing the Army's Key Control Official Log IAW Army regulations. The COR/ACOR/DHR will initially furnish all keys required for access to offices and buildings. Keys issued to contractor personnel by the Government shall not be duplicated without the express written consent of the Government. The cost of any changes to locks as a result of keys lost by contractor employees shall be paid by the contractor. Prior to departing the ROK, all contract personnel will ensure if issued a key that the key is turned into the appointed Key Control custodian. Key Control custodians shall not be replaced or relocated without prior approval of the KO and COR/ACOR.</p>
<p>1.8.25. Common Access Card (CAC). The Government will issue a CAC to each contract employee. This card will be utilized for access to the installation, and for other identification purposes as required. Employees shall meet security background vetting requirements to be issued a CAC. This includes ensuring the employee has a valid NACI (Tier 1) or DoD-equivalent background investigation submitted to OPM and, the completion of an FBI fingerprint check with the return of favorable results before a CAC can be issued by the Trusted Agent. .Upon employment termination or CAC Card expiration, whichever comes first, the Contractor Program Manager or Contractor Site Manager shall collect and turn-in CAC Card to the local ID card section. Additionally, the Program Manager or Contract Site Manager shall provide applicable documentation to COR proving that CAC Card has been turn-in.</p>
<p>a. Reference Secretary of the Army Memorandum dated 28 Jun 06, Subject: Contractor Verification System (CVS) Implementation guidance and instructions for the implementation of the CVS Army-wide. IAW with this guidance, the authorizing official (Contracting Officer Representative (COR), the designated KO assigned to the installation contracting office, the installation's designated representative, or other approving officials) will approve issuance of the CAC through the automated CVS system. The TASM will be the designated TASM as described in the Secretary of the Army guidance.</p>
<p>b. The contractor's CVS applications under this contract should clearly cite the contract and contract numbers identified on the DD Form 1144 for this contract.</p>
<p>1.8.26 Safety Requirements. The contractor shall take safety precautions during the performance of this contract to protect the lives of contractor personnel, the property of the U.S. Government and the Republic of Korea, as well as the private individuals and firms who may be exposed to or endangered by the contractor's actions to maintain minimal accidents/incidents, zero loss of life and minimal damage to property. The contractor shall provide a written safety plan with policies, procedures and safety checklist with the bid proposal. The safety plan will be confirmed by the COR then accepted by the KO r within five (5) working days if there are any changes after award. The safety program shall comply with OSHA 2206, General Industry, Occupational Safety and Health Standards (29 CFR 1910) and Korean Occupational Safety and Health Act (KOSHA). The contractor agrees to comply with its written program for the life of the contract. Any changes or modification to its safety program shall be coordinated and reviewed by the COR, or his/her duly authorized representative.</p>
<p>1.8.27. Risk Management Process. The safety plan shall include detailed job related hazards and controls for each work activity. The plan shall include an Activity Hazard Analysis (AHA) for each work activity. The AHA shall include at a minimum the name of the activity/job, the job steps, the job hazards, the tools or equipment required to perform the job, control measures to eliminate or reduce the hazard(s), and a Risk Assessment Code (Risk Assessment Code is an assessment of the probability of the hazard occurring and its potential impact). The contractor shall assure that the safety control measures are implemented. The contractor may use the sample AHA forms in http://www.usace.army.mil/SafetyandOccupationalHealth/ActivityHazardAnalysis.aspx or develop their own.</p>
<p>a. Accident investigations, reports, and logs: The safety plan shall include a copy of the contractor's accident investigation reporting format, and logs. Report all accidents as soon as possible but not more than 4 hours of accident occurrence to the Contracting Officer/Representative (KO/COR). The contractor shall thoroughly investigate the accident and submit the findings of the investigation along with appropriate corrective actions to the KO/COR in the accident investigation reporting format as soon as possible but no later than five (5) working days following the accident. Implement corrective actions as soon as reasonably possible. The accident investigation reporting format shall include at a minimum:<br />(1) Contract number and contract name/description.<br />(2) Name of contractor<br />(3) Date/time of accident<br />(4) Date report was completed <br />(5) Detail description of events that lead to the accident<br />(6) Root cause of accident<br />(7) Contributing factors<br />(8) Corrective action(s) to prevent recurrence</p>
<p>b. The following require immediate accident notification and written accident report:<br />(1) A fatality;<br />(2) A permanent total or permanent partial disability;<br />(3) The hospitalization of three or more people resulting from a single occurrence;<br />(4) Property damage of $200 or more.</p>
<p>1.8.28. Performance Assessment: The Government reserves the right to evaluate all areas of contractor's performance under this contract without any advance notice to the contractor.</p>
<p>1.8.29 DoDDS TUITION to Contractor. School allowances are applicable only to SOFA contractor personnel permanently assigned to locations supported under this PWS and must be allowable in accordance with FAR 31.205-44. These costs are directly reimbursable and no fee or profit will be paid on the actual costs incurred. Enrollment is a logistic privilege subject to eligibility, availability, and approval. Approved contractor employees' children are eligible to attend the DoD Dependent Schools (DoDDS) at established tuition rates per the Department of State Standardized Regulations (DSSR) at https://aoprals.state.gov/ . Contractors are authorized to enroll their children in an international or off-installation school. However, the Contractor will only be reimbursed at the established tuition rates per the Department of State Standardized Regulations (DSSR) at https://aoprals.state.gov/. Contractor shall provide Government with a copy of payment receipts for each employee<br />1.8.30 Organizational Conflict of Interest: Contractor and subcontractor personnel performing work under this contract may receive, have access to or participate in the development of proprietary or source selection information (example; cost or pricing information, budget information or analyses, specifications or work statements)or perform evaluation services which may create a current or subsequent Organizational Conflict of Interests (OCI) as defined in FAR Subpart 9.5. The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer immediately whenever it becomes aware that such access or participation may result in any actual or potential OCI and shall promptly submit a plan to the Contracting Officer to avoid or mitigate any such OCI. The Contractor's mitigation plan will be determined to be acceptable solely at the discretion of the Contracting Officer and in the event the Contracting Officer unilaterally determines that any such OCI cannot be satisfactorily avoided or mitigated, the Contracting Officer may effect other remedies as he or she deems necessary, including prohibiting the Contractor from participation in subsequent contracted requirements which may be affected by the OCI.<br />1.8.31 The Contractor's technical proposal related to (e.g., personnel qualification, technical approach and staffing plan), in accordance with paragraph 1.6.20 of the PWS, shall be incorporated into the resultant contract as part of the PWS. The Contractor shall be obligated to perform in accordance with the incorporated proposal. Nothing contained in the incorporated proposal shall be interpreted as permitting the Contractor to perform less than required by the unincorporated portions of the PWS or other terms of the contract, or otherwise constituting a waiver of other requirements of the contract.</p>
<p>1.8.32. Accounting for Army Service Contracts: The Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Manpower &amp; Reserve Affairs) operates and maintains a secure Army data collection site where the contractor shall report ALL contractor manpower (including subcontractor manpower) required for the performance of the contract. The contractor is required to completely fill in all the information in the format using the following web address https://cmra.army.mil/Login.aspx. The required information includes: (1) Contracting Office, Contracting Officer's Representative; (2) Contract number, including task and delivery order number; (3) Beginning and ending dates covered by reporting period; (4) Contractor name, address, phone number, e-mail address, identity of contractor employee entering data; (4) Actual direct labor hours; (6) Actual direct labor dollars paid this reporting period; (7) Total payment; (8) Predominant Federal Service Code (FSC) reflecting services provided by the contractor; (9) Estimated data collection cost; (10) Organizational title associated with the Unit Identification Code (UIC) for the Army Requiring Activity (the Army Requiring Activity is responsible for providing the contractor with its UIC for the purposes of reporting this information); (11) Locations where contractor perform the work-overseas location, using standardized nomenclature provided on website; (12) Presence of deployment or contingency contract language; and (13) Number of contractor employees deployed in theater this reporting period. As part of its submission, the contractor shall also provide the estimated total cost (if any) incurred to comply with this reporting requirement. Reporting period will be the period of performance not to exceed 12 months ending September 30 of each government fiscal year and must be reported by October 31 of each calendar year. Contractors shall use a direct XML data transfer to the database server or fill in the fields on the website. The XML direct transfer is a format for transferring files from a contractor's systems to the secure web site without the need for separate data entries for each required data element at the web site. The specific formats for the XML transfer may be downloaded from the web site. The contractor shall report data submission to the COR via the Monthly Status Report.<br /><br /><br />PART 5</p>
<p>SPECIFIC TASKS<br />5. Specific Tasks. The contractor shall comply with the following requirements:</p>
<p>5.1 Coordinate and conduct a "kick-off" meeting within 14 calendar days of award.</p>
<p>5.2 Perform Battalion S1 functions. For US Army Garrison Casey, US Army Garrison Yongsan (to include the Religious Retreat Center), US Army Garrison Humphreys (to include IMCOM-P Forward), and US Army Garrison Daegu. The S1 prioritizes, plans, coordinates, and executes the delivery of HR support, services, and information on all assigned or attached personnel within the command or supported organizations. S1 elements and/ or tenant organizations not supported by a brigade may obtain limited support from the MPD. All employees assigned to perform this task will have 100% required access to HR systems, trained on HR doctrine and S1 tasks and functions to perform these tasks.</p>
<p>PWS 5.2.1-5.2.31 - Garrison S1 functions performed for all IMCOM-P garrison units. The contractor shall comply with the following requirements:</p>
<p>5.2.1 Personnel Accountability (PA)<br />Process PA IAW AR 600-8-6, eMILPO Functional Guide, eMILPO User Manual and eMILPO Reports Guide. S1 will process and reconcile the management of the location and duty status of every Soldier assigned or attached to a unit. To include tracking the movement of personnel as they arrive to, and depart from, a unit, change duty status, change assignment eligibility and availability (AEA), or change grade. Data reconciliation will take place on the 1st and the 15th of each month. S1 will ensure personnel data updates are entered daily in eMILPO. The PA system of record is eMILPO. <br />The standard of service for this task is maintain 100% accountability for assigned or attached personnel, to include replacements, RTD Soldiers, R&amp;R personnel and individual redeployers,</p>
<p>5.2.2 Arrival.<br />S1 shall process and report all arrival related transactions IAW AR eMILPO Functional Guide and HRC guidance provided on their website. Arrivals will be record by utilizing the DA Form 647 and DA Form 647-1. Conduct Arrival Transactions in a timely manner, within 24 hours or the first duty day; arrivals have five sub-functions: Soldier Arrival, OCONUS Arrivals, Arrival Date Corrections, Mass Arrivals and Revoke Arrivals transactions. S1 will assist with ensuring that all personnel arrivals and departures from the unit (both PCS and temporary duty) are being recorded on the DA Form 647 and DA Form 647-1. S1 will ensure the required eMILPO transactions (ARRs, DPRTs, and so forth) being submitted based on the data from the DA Form 647, DA Form 647-1, DA Form 31 and TDY orders. <br />The standard of service for this task is 100% accountability and timeliness of submission of eMILPO arrival transaction within 24 hours or the first duty day after the Soldier signs in on the DA FORM 647.</p>
<p><br />5.2.4 Departure transactions.<br />S1 will process the PCS departure within 24 hours or the first duty day, IAW AR 600-8-6, AR 600-8-11, AR 600-8-101, AR 600-8-105, AR 614-100, AR 614-200, eMILPO Functional Guide and eMILPO User Manual. S1 will record all departures by utilizing and annotating the f DA Form 647 and DA Form 647-1. The standard of service for this task is 100% accountability and timeliness of submission of eMILPO transactions within 24 hours or the first duty day after the Soldier signs out on the DA FORM 647.</p>
<p>5.2.5 Slotting<br />S1, slot Soldiers in duty positions IAW AR 600-8-6, AR 570-4, AR 614-100, AR 614-200, eMILPO Functional Guide and eMILPO User Manual. This may be submitted as part of the arrival transaction process or submitted later via the Slotting Module. Ensure Soldiers are slotted in appropriate position local IAW 600-8-6, eMILPO Field User Guide and command guidance. Coordinate with the IMCOM Pacific G1 Military Personnel Branch to slot all newly arrived personnel in the eMILPO Human Resources Authorization Report (HRAR) within 7 days of arrival. <br />The standard of service is100% of newly arrived personnel are slotted correctly on the eMILPO HRAR within 7 days of eMILPO arrival transaction: if it is not done in five calendar days, the S1 work center will receive a work flow notice. No Soldier will remain in duty position code 9992 (incoming) duty position in eMILPO for more than 7 days. S1 will ensure no Soldier remain in 999X duty position status for more than 30 days, &lt;100% assigned</p>
<p>5.2.7 Absent Without Leave (AWOL) and Dropped from the Roles (DRF)<br />S1 shall process AWOL and DFR IAW AR 190-9, AR 600-8-6, AR 630-10, AR 600-8-105, AR 635-200, United States Army Deserter Control Point (USADIP)-guidelines, MILPER Message, eMILPO Functional Guide and eMILPO S1 will ensure the Personnel Information Management systems (PIM) and eMILPO reflect correct duty status. No Soldier will remain in Absent Without Leave (AWOL) duty status longer than 31 days.<br />The standard of service is the S1 shall process 100% of all Absent Without Leave (AWOLs) and Dropped from Rolls (DFRs) following procedures outlined in applicable regulatory guidelines in a timely manner and steps missed in this proc