# FBOFeed20191107

<PRESOL>
<DATE>1107
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>263 Network Contracting Office 23 (NCO 23)
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical and Regional Office Center
<ZIP>57105
<CLASSCOD>H
<NAICS>561621
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;NETWORK 23 CONTRACTING OFFICE;2501 W. 22nd St.;Sioux Falls SD  57105
<SUBJECT>H--Fire Alarm Inspection, Testing, and Repair Service   
<SOLNBR>36C26320Q0037
<RESPDATE>111519
<ARCHDATE>01142020
<CONTACT>John Becker
john.becker3@va.gov

<a href="mailto:john.becker3@va.gov">John Becker, Contracting Officer</a>
<DESC>Page 2 of 2
NOTICE OF INTENT TO AWARD SOLE SOURCE
This is a Notice of Intent published in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 5.101(a)(1) requiring the dissemination of information regarding proposed contract actions. This Notice of Intent is for a proposed award of a sole source, firm-fixed price contract under the authority of FAR 8.405-6(a)(1)(i)(B); only one source is capable of providing the supplies or services required at the level of quality required because the supplies or services are unique or highly specialized.
The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office 23 intends to award a sole source, firm-fixed price contract to Johnson Controls Fire Protection LP to provide Fire Alarm Inspection, Testing, and Repair Services to support the Central Iowa VA Health Care System, Des Moines, Iowa. Johnson Controls Fire Protection LP is the only known firm having unfettered access and software codes to access simplex fire alarm panels to conduct fire alarm inspection and testing, and repairs. Proprietary software and computer hardware are currently being utilized on the Simplex fire alarm, fire doors, and sprinkler system. The hardware includes circuit boards and partitioning circuit boards within the Simplex fire alarm panels.
The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement is 561621, Security Systems Services (except Locksmiths), with a small business size standard of $22.0M. The service code is H312, Inspection-Fire Control Equipment.
THIS NOTICE OF INTENT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTATIONS. Responsible sources may identify their interest and capability to meet this requirement by submitting supporting documentation including an authorized dealer/distributor letter. Such documentation will be reviewed solely for the purpose of determining whether or not to conduct the procurement on a competitive basis.
A determination not to compete this requirement, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the Government. The Government will not be responsible for any costs associated with the preparation of responses to this notification. All inquiries and submittals must be sent via email to john.becker3@va.gov by 11/15/2019 at 10:00 AM Central Standard Time (CST). Telephone inquiries will not be accepted.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/SFaVAMC/VAMCCO80220/36C26320Q0037/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<EMAIL>
<EMAIL>john.becker3@va.gov
<DESC>John Becker, Contracting Officer
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>USA
<POPZIP>50310-5753
<POPADDRESS>Department of Veterans Affairs;Des Moines IA VA Health Care System (VAHCS);3600 30th Street;Des Moines IA
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1107
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Combat Command
<LOCATION>55 CONS
<ZIP>68113-2107
<CLASSCOD>R
<NAICS>541990
<OFFADD>106 Peacekeeper Lane
Ste 2N3 Offutt AFB NE 68113-2107
<SUBJECT>PMEAS III
<SOLNBR>FA460020R0001
<CONTACT>Kelly A. Puvogel, Contract Specialist, Email kelly.puvogel@us.af.mil - THERESA H BRYANT, SUPERVISOR CONTRACTING OFFICER, Phone 4022947304, Email theresa.bryant@us.af.mil
<DESC><p>PMEAS III Synopsis:<br />APPROXIMATE SOLICITATION ISSUE DATE: 20 December 2019. The 55th Contracting Squadron will be conducting the solicitation and award of a 100% Small Business Set-Aside, non-personal Advisory and Assistant Services (A&amp;AS), firm fixed price contract for a base period (6 months), plus 4 one-year Options and 1 six-month Option. In addition, FAR clause 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services will be included. This effort is to acquire non-inherently Governmental, non-personal A&amp;AS to provide Program Management, Engineering, and Acquisition Support (PMEAS) III to USSTRATCOM's mission area Program Managers (PM), Functional Managers (FM) and Resource Managers (RM). Specific tasks for the contract include Program Management Support, Engineering Support for Acquisitions, assisting in the integration of USSTRATCOM programs, Financial Management Support, and Business Process Management Support. Contract transition period is expected to be 70 days starting approximately 16 November 2020. PMEAS III will be a follow-on to the PMEAS II contract currently in place to meet these requirements. PMEAS III is not an ACAT program in itself; rather, this contract will support several other ACAT programs. The contractor must maintain a Top Secret facility clearance.</p>
<p>Contractor must be able to meet all requirements of the Performance Work Statement (PWS), certification requirements, and appropriate security clearances. This project is classified up to Top Secret. An interim Top Secret clearance does not satisfy DD254 requirements. Contractor must comply with guidelines specified in the DD Form 254, Contract Security Classification Specification. This acquisition will be conducted using negotiated procedures in accordance with FAR Part 15. The Request For Proposal (RFP) and all associated documents, when issued, will be posted on the required government wide point of entry. A draft solicitation will be available through FedBizOps. Offerors are encouraged to subscribe/register for this solicitation number through http://www.fedbizopps.gov to ensure they automatically receive all documents associated with the procurement in a timely manner. The NAICS code is 541990, and the size standard is $15M. Anticipated award date is October 2020. Address questions via email to the contracting officer or contract specialist only. No discussions will be conducted telephonically.</p>
<p>The primary POC is Kelly Puvogel, Contract Specialist, Phone: 402-232-1450, e-mail: kelly.puvogel@offutt.af.mil. The alternate Point of Contact (POC) is Theresa Bryant, Contracting Officer, Phone: 402-294-7304, e-mail: theresa.bryant@offutt.af.mil.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/ACC/55CONS/FA460020R0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1107
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>AFRL/PK - WPAFB
<ZIP>45433-7132
<CLASSCOD>76
<NAICS>519130
<OFFADD>Bldg 15, Rm 225
1864 Fourth Street Wright-Patterson AFB OH 45433-7132
<SUBJECT>INTENT TO AWARD SOLE SOURCE
<SOLNBR>FA860420Q5001
<RESPDATE>111419
<CONTACT>Tiffany Holder, Contract Specialist, Phone 9372557858, Email tiffany.holder@us.af.mil - Joelynn Laux, Contract Officer, Phone 937-255-7863, Email joelynn.laux@us.af.mil
<DESC><strong>Product description:</strong> Hoopla is a digital media service that allows users to borrow movies, music, audiobooks, eBooks, comics and TV shows to enjoy on their computers, tablets, phones, or TV. These titles can either be streamed immediately, or downloaded to phones or tablets for offline usage via the hoopla app.
<p><strong>Product characteristics</strong> an equal item must meet to be considered:</p>
<p>&bull; Must be able to provide a large variety of content that is continuously being updated and increased in multiple media formats<br />&bull; Must provide over ebooks, comics, audiobooks, movies, TV Shows, and full music albums.<br />&bull; Titles must be available at all times with no holds/simultaneous usage for users with the same title<br />&bull; Firm-fixed pricing so there is no increase when new titles are accessed <br />&bull; May limit the number digital downloads per week/month per registered user<br />&bull; Must include online Web &amp; App assistance for both users and Librarians<br />&bull; All content must be available online and navigable through a dedicated app and website for global access.<br />&bull; Provide marketing resources, that are continuously being update and available to Librarians for free download<br />&bull; Must be accessible through iOS, Android, Kindle Fire, Roku, Amazon Alexa, etc.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/AFRL-PK/FA860420Q5001/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0905
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ - Robins AFB
<ZIP>31098-1611
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>215 Page Rd Robins AFB GA 31098-1611
<SUBJECT>Base Notice: Spares purchase of the Axial Impeller Fan
<SOLNBR>SPRWA1-19-R-0070
<RESPDATE>092019
<ARCHDATE>10052019
<CONTACT>Christine O. Tomlinson, Contracting Officer, Email christine.tomlinson@us.af.mil
<DESC>The Defense Logistics Agency, Aviation Wing, Robins AFB, GA, will acquire replenishment spare parts-Axial Impeller Fan, also known as "Cooling Turbine," applicable to the A/M32C-10C Air Conditioner.<br /><br />This is a sole source requirement under FAR 6.302-1, Only One Responsible Source and No Other Supplies or Services Will Satisfy Agency Requirements, for American Turbo Systems (ATS), Inc. ATS is the only known source with adequate knowledge of the Axial Impeller Fan Assembly performance requirements, and possesses the required technical data and capabilities needed to produce this item and ensure compatibility of the equipment. The Government does not own the data for this NSN. <br /><br />NSN: 4140-01-127-4674RN <br />P/N: 100526-3<br />NOUN: Axial Impeller Fan<br /><br />SPRWA1-19-R-0070 is a request for proposal for a firm-fixed price requirements contract consisting of one 12-month basic ordering period and four consecutive 12-month ordering periods, for the delivery of a total quantity of 13 each assets to the Government. Detailed drawings are not available from the procuring activity. The Government does not own the data for this part.<br /><br />The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under FAR 6.302-1. Interested persons may indentify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all proposals received within forty-five days after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. <br /><br />Based upon market research, the Government is anticipating using the policies contained in FAR Part 15, Contracting by Negotiations, in its solicitation for the described supplies. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice. <br /><br /><br />Electronic responses are required for this solicitation. <br /><br />Please provide responses to christine.tomlinson@us.af.mil by 4:00 P.M. EST on the above stated Response Date. <br />
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/WRALC/SPRWA1-19-R-0070/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1107
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>29
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Vibrator, Ignition C.
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-R-0043
<RESPDATE>112219
<ARCHDATE>02282020
<CONTACT>James Headington, Contracting Specialist, Phone 4057341984, Email james.headington.1@us.af.mil
<DESC>Synopsis<br />FD2030-19-02856
<p>1.  Estimated issue date and estimated closing/response date:</p>
<p>Issue: 	7 Nov 2019<br />Closes: 	22 Nov 2019</p>
<p>2.  RFP: SPRTA1-20-R-0043<br /> <br />3.  Service/Spare/Repair/OH: Spares</p>
<p>4.  AMC:	3B</p>
<p>5.  Nomenclature/Noun: Vibrator, Ignition C</p>
<p>6.  NSN:  2925-01-408-1480NZ</p>
<p>7.  PN:  46470-1 or 4080687</p>
<p>8.  History:  Award date: 3 October 2018 under contract SPM4A113G0002 / SPRTA119F0006 / Qty: 15 <br /> Each / Awardee: Unison Industries<br /> <br />9.  Description/Function:  Item Dimensions:  Length 8.800; Width 3.000; Height 6.000; Weight 8.00 lbs.  Material <br /> Content: Predominantly Material Group 55, 61, 65 and 70 as identified in T.O. 00-25-113-F100-ENG.  Item       Function: Engine ignition source</p>
<p>10.  Total Line Item Quantity:   L/I 0001 - 44 each</p>
<p>11.  Application (Engine or Aircraft):  F-100 Engine</p>
<p>12.  Destination:  DTW004</p>
<p>13.  Required Delivery:  Each on or before 4 Jan 2022.</p>
<p>14.  Qualification Requirements DO NOT exist.</p>
<p>15.  Export Control Requirements:  No</p>
<p>16.  UID: If unit price exceeds $5,000, then UID requirements are applicable.</p>
<p>17.  Qualified Sources:  Unison Industries (Cage 59501)</p>
<p>18.  Set-aside:  N/A</p>
<p>19.  Mandatory Language:</p>
<p>In accordance with FAR 5.207(c)(16)(ii), All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency.</p>
<p>This acquisition involves technology that has a military or space application.  The extent of foreign participation has not yet been determined.  Nothing in this notice contradicts other restrictions, identified in the synopsis notice or solicitation, regarding eligible sources (e.g., if this is a small business set aside, foreign sources may not participate as potential prime contractors but could, if otherwise eligible, participate as subcontractors).</p>
<p>Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice.</p>
<p>Government's obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made.  No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer</p>
<p>Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. Hardcopies of the solicitation will not be sent from this office. The solicitation will be available for download only at www.fbo.gov.</p>
<p>Authority: 10 U.S.C. 2304(c) (1), Justification: supplies (or Services) required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.  The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.</p>
<p>This notice of intent is not a request for competition.  However, all proposals received within 45 days (30 days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government.  A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.</p>
<p>It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contract with the firms(s) listed.</p>
<p>Note:  While price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price and past performance factors as detailed in the solicitation.</p>
<p>Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at (405) 734-8241. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS.<br />Request for written quotation will be issued.  Only written or faxed request received directly from the requestors are acceptable. The anticipated award date will be 60 days after the issuance of this notice.</p>
<p>20.  Buyer name, phone#, and email address   Questions concerning this synopsis or subsequent solicitation can be directed to buyer James Headington, 405-855-3535, James.Headington.1@us.af.mil.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-R-0043/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1107
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>28
<NAICS>336412
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Augmentor Nozzle, SE
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-20-Q-0073
<ARCHDATE>01312020
<CONTACT>James Headington, Contracting Specialist, Phone 4057341984, Email james.headington.1@us.af.mil
<DESC>The proposed contract action will not be synopsized IAW with FAR 5.202(a)(13) for the following reasons:   "(i) Is for an amount not expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold; (ii) The solicitation will be made through a means that provides access to the notice of proposed contract action through the GPE; and (iii) Public is able to respond to the solicitation electronically through the GPE and offerors are permitted to respond electronically.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/SPRTA1-20-Q-0073/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0912
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>66
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Repair of T-38 Displacement Gyroscope (6615-01-131-5317)
<SOLNBR>FA8117-19-R-0037
<RESPDATE>092719
<CONTACT>Sheila Thee, Contract Specialist, Phone 4057394436, Email sheila.thee@us.af.mil - Grace M McGinnis, Phone 4057392128, Email grace.mcginnis.1@us.af.mil
<DESC>&nbsp;
<p><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">PREAWARD SYNOPSIS</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. THE PURPOSE OF THIS SYNOPSIS IS TO NOTIFY INDUSTRY OF THE AIR FORCE'S INTENT TO UTILIZE LOWEST PRICE TECHNICALLY ACCEPTABLE (LPTA) SOURCE SELECTION PROCEDURES. AWARD WILL BE MADE TO THE OFFEROR WHO <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>HAS THE LOWEST EVALUATED COST OR PRICE, AND WHOSE PROPOSAL CONFORMS TO ALL SOLICITATION REQUIREMENTS. OFFERORS MUST BE A SAR APPROVED SOURCE.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">IAW MP 5332.7 Funds Availability</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><em><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">"Notice to Offeror(s)/Supplier(s): Funds are not presently available for this effort. No award will be made under until funds are available. The Government reserves the right to not solicit this requirement or cancel the solicitation after issuance, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels the solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs."</span></em></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><em><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></em></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">General Information</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Document Type: Pre-Award Synopsis</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Program: T-38</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Solicitation Number: FA8117-19-R-0037</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Posted Date: 12 September 2019</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Solicitation Date: 27 September 2019 (Estimated)</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Anticipated Contract Award: 28 February 2019</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">PR Number: FD2030-19-01311</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Nomenclature/Noun: Displacement Gyroscope</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">NSN: 6615-01-131-5317</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Part Number:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>066-01171-3706</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Application: T-38</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Contracting Office Address</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Department of the Air Force, AFSC PZABA, Tinker AFB, 3001 Staff Drive,</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Tinker AFB, OK 73145, UNITED STATES</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Description</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">The purpose of this synopsis is to notify industry of the Air Forces' intent to utilize Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) source selection procedures in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 15.101-2, as supplemented.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Technical tradeoffs will not be made and no additional credit will be given for exceeding acceptability.</span> <span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Award will be made to the offeror who has the lowest evaluated cost or price, and whose proposal conforms to the solicitation requirements (to include all stated terms, conditions, representations, certifications, and all other information required by Section L. Offerors must be a Qualified SAR approved source.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Qualified SAR approved sources must have the data, parts, expertise, tools and test equipment necessary to repair sufficiently to meet the Government's needs.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">The effort is in support of the T-38 Weapons System.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The contemplated contract is for the repair of Displacement Gyroscope applicable to the T-38 aircraft. </span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">The proposed North American Industry Classification Systems (NAICS) Codes are as follows:</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">336413 Aircraft Manufacturing with a size standard of 1250.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">CONTRACT TYPE, PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE AND SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">The current acquisition strategy is to issue a Firm Fixed Price requirements contract with a basic year and six one year options under FAR Part 15.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The contemplated period of performance is 28 February 2020 through 27 February 2027.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">The anticipated Contract particulars are as follows:</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">PR NUMBER(s):<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>FD20301901311</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Repair</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Line Item: 0001</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">NSN:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>6615-01-131-5318 DISPLACEMENT GYROSCOPE</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">P/N:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>19005-2B</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Description:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Master reference control system, which furnishes a directional reference in azimuth and a vertical reference in pitch and bank</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Supp. Description:</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Quantity:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>60 EA/48 EA/48 EA/48 EA/48 EA/48 EA/48 EA</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Delivery:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>5 each every 30 days *ARO Funded Contract Award or Reparable Assets, Whichever is Later.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Early delivery is acceptable.</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Desn:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>SW3211</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Unit of Issue:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>EA</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">PR NUMBER(s):<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>FD20301901311</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">No Fault Found</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Line Item: 0002</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">NSN:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>6615-01-131-5317 DISPLACEMENT GYROSCOPE</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">P/N:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>19005-2B</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Description:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Master reference control system, which furnishes a directional reference in azimuth and a vertical reference in pitch and bank </span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Supp. Description:</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Quantity:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>1 EA/1 EA/1 EA/1 EA/1 EA/1 EA/1 EA</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Delivery:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>*30 Calendar Days *ARO Funded Contract Award or Reparable Assets, Whichever is Later.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Early delivery is acceptable.</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Desn:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>SW3211</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Quantity: 1.00</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Unit of Issue:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>EA</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">PR NUMBER(s):<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>FD20301901311</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Line Item: 0003</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Beyond Economic Repair</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">PR NUMBER(s):<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>FD20301901311</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Line Item: 0004</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Over and Above</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">PR NUMBER(s):<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>FD20301901311</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Line Item: 0005</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Over and Above Expedite Fee</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">PR NUMBER(s):<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>FD20301901311</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Line Item: 0006</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Data</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Duration of Contract Period: Basic + 6 One Year Options</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Electronic procedure will be used for this solicitation. </span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">IAW FAR 5.207(c)(16)(ii), All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Contracting Office Address:</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Tinker AFB, Oklahoma 73145-3015</span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">United States</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Primary Point of Contact:</span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Name: Sheila M. Thee</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Title: Contract Specialist</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Office: AFSC/PZABA</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Phone #: (405) 739-4436</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Email: </span><a><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">sheila.thee@us.af.mil</span></a></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Se<span style="mso-bidi-font-weight: bold">condary Point of Contact:</span></span></strong></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Name: G. Michelle McGinnis</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Title: Contracting Officer</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Office: AFSC/PZABA</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Phone #: (405) 739-2128</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Email: </span><a><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">grace.mcginnis.1@us.af.mil</span></a></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FA8117-19-R-0037/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>73145
<POPADDRESS>
Tinker AFB, OK
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1127
<YEAR>18
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>30
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Carrier Gear Assembly (NSN 3010-01-200-0020 YQ, Part Number 3501968-10): Sole-Source to Honeywell International, Inc., Cage 59364
<SOLNBR>SPRTA1-19-R-0127
<RESPDATE>011119
<CONTACT>JAMES L. CHANDLER, CONTRACTING OFFICER, Phone 4057394440, Email james.chandler@us.af.mil
<DESC>1. Estimated Solicitation issue date is 12 DEC 2018 and the estimated closing/response date is 11 JAN 2019.<br /><br />2. Request for Proposal #: SPRTA1-19-R-0127<br /><br />3. Purchase Request #: FD2030-19-00612<br /><br />4. Nomenclature/Noun: Carrier Gear Assembly<br /><br />5. NSN: 3010-01-200-020 YQ<br /><br />6. Part Number: 3501968-10<br /><br />7. Application (Engine or Aircraft): B-1B Aircraft<br /><br />8. AMC: 3R - Acquire, for the second or subsequent time, directly from the actual manufacturer - The Government does not own the data or rights to the data needed to purchase this part from another source. It is not economical to procure the data or rights to the data.<br /><br />9. Description/Function: Stater housing carrier assembly.<br /><br />10. Dimensions: Approximately 6.50 inches in length, 6.50 inches in width, 6.50 inches in height, and 3.30 lbs. in weight.<br /><br />11. Material: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Cast Aluminum.<br /><br />12. Approved Source: Cage Code 59364 - Honeywell International, Inc.<br /><br />13. Qualification Requirements APPLY.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Due to the complexity and criticality of the part, in addition to the part being sole-source to Honeywell International, Qualification Requirements also apply.<br /><br />14. First Article is NOT required.<br /><br />15. Export Control does NOT apply.<br /><br />16. Critical Application Item (CSI) applicability: Item has critical characteristics but is not designated as a CSI item, therefore CSI criteria DO NOT apply to this item.<br /><br />17. US Air Force Requirement.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Award of a New Manufacture Fixed-Quantity, Firm Fixed-Price contract is contemplated.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Surplus IS NOT authorized for this for this procurement.<br /><br />Line Item 0001: Estimated Quantity of 30 Units with a final award range of Min 5 Units up to a Max of 86 Units / US Air Force requirement.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Required Delivery: 10ea Per-Month, beginning 3 APR 2020.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Early / consolidated deliveries acceptable.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Destination: DLA Distribution Depot Oklahoma, Tinker AFB, OK (SW3211)
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none">18. Surplus WILL NOT be considered for this for this procurement as Surplus IS NOT authorized for this procurement.</p>
<p style="MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none">19. Mandatory Language: DLA OMBUDSMAN <br /><br />(a) An ombudsman has been appointed to hear and facilitate the resolution of concerns from offerors, potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. When requested, the ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The existence of the ombudsman does not affect the authority of the program manager, contracting officer, or source selection official. Further, the ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals, the source selection process, or the adjudication of protests or formal contract disputes. The ombudsman may refer the party to another official who can resolve the concern. <br /><br />(b) Before consulting with an ombudsman, interested parties must first address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the contracting officer for resolution. Consulting an ombudsman does not alter or postpone the timelines for any other processes (e.g., agency level bid protests, GAO bid protests, requests for debriefings, employee-employer actions, contests of OMB Circular A-76 competition performance decisions).<br /><br />(c) The Competition Advocate (CA) at each contracting activity/office (as defined in DLAD 2.101) shall act as the ombudsman and attempt to resolve contractor complaints. DLA AVIATION - AOCA's CA/ombudsman can be reached at (405) 855-3556, facsimile (405) 734-8129. Complaints which cannot be so resolved shall be forwarded to the HQ through J-72 for resolution by the DLA competition advocate. Each activity is responsible for developing procedures for executing the duties and responsibilities. (d) The ombudsman has no authority to render a decision that binds the agency. (e) Do not contact the ombudsman to request copies of the solicitation, verify offer due date, or clarify technical requirements. Such inquiries shall be directed to the Contracting Officer. <br /><br />20. IUID: If the unit cost is $5K or above, IUID marking requirements IAW FAR Clause 252.211-7003 shall apply.<br /><br />21. Small Business Set Aside: Not Applicable <br /><br />22. This solicitation shall utilize the procedures at FAR 15 for non-commercial acquisitions.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Based upon market research, the Government is not using policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Governments requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice.<br /><br />23. Subject to the Buy American Act / Balance of Payments Program.<br /><br />24. Government's obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. FAR Clause 52.232-18 shall apply.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer.<br /><br />25. Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. Hard copies of the solicitation will not be sent from this office. The solicitation will be available for download only at www.fbo.gov.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/