# FBOFeed20191016

<PRESOL>
<DATE>1016
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans Affairs
<OFFICE>263 Network Contracting Office 23 (NCO 23)
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<ZIP>55101
<CLASSCOD>Q
<NAICS>621111
<OFFADD>Department of Veterans Affairs;NETWORK 23 CONTRACTING OFFICE;316 Robert Street N. STE. 506;St. Paul MN  55101
<SUBJECT>Q--Perfusionists Services    
<SOLNBR>36C26320R0008
<ARCHDATE>01232020
<CONTACT>Daniel Vagts
daniel.vagts@va.gov

<a href="mailto:daniel.vagts@va.gov">Daniel Vagts</a>
<DESC>This is PRE-SOLICITATION NOTICE   The US Department of Veteran Affairs Medical Center, Minneapolis, MN, hereinafter referred to as MVAHCS located at One Veterans Drive, Minneapolis, MN 55417.  The NAICS code assigned to this procurement will be 621111 with a size standard of $15 million.  The VA will award a firm, fixed price, commercial services contract.  Contract use will be limited to Minneapolis VA Health Care System only.  The solicitation will contain requirements for a 12-month base period contract, with four (4) 12-month option periods to renew.  Service will begin May 1, 2020 through April 30, 2021 for the base period.  The solicitation is scheduled to be issued on or about December 1, 2019 and will be issued via FedBizOpps Electronic Posting System at http://www.fedbizopps.gov.
Services Provided: The contractor shall provide the Minneapolis VA Health Care System (MVAHCS) contractual services for an American Board of Cardiovascular Perfusionists to provide clinical perfusion services coverage to eligible veteran beneficiaries of the MVAHCS.  Perfusionist services are required on-site daily, Monday through Friday; On-call coverage is required. One key personnel are required to be onsite 52 weeks per year, Monday   Friday; excluding federal holidays.
Scope of Services Provided: The MVAHCS requires the services of experienced, practicing Clinical Perfusionists to provide direct patient care for the management of physiological and metabolic needs of surgical patients during cardiovascular surgical procedures including coronary by-pass; extracorporeal support functions; heart failure therapy and support; blood management; other clinical perfusion procedures as required; and on-call coverage. It is estimated that contractor s clinical perfusion services will be required for an estimated 3,276 hours of on-site services per year, and an estimated 1,632 hours of on-call coverage per year. Back-up coverage is required for MVAHCS staff vacation and leave coverage.

Contractor shall furnish services at the Minneapolis VA Health Care System, One Veterans Drive, Minneapolis, MN 55417.

Services are required for a base period of 12-months with four (4) 12-month option periods.

Questions regarding this pre-solicitation notice must be in writing.  Questions may be sent via email to:  daniel.vagts@va.gov.  
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/VA/MiVAMC618/MiVAMC618/36C26320R0008/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<EMAIL>
<EMAIL>daniel.vagts@va.gov
<DESC>Daniel Vagts
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>United States
<POPZIP>55417
<POPADDRESS>Minneapolis VA Medical Center;One Veterans Drive;Minneapolis, MN
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1016
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Army
<OFFICE>ACC OO
<LOCATION>409th CSB (W912PB) RCO Bavaria
<ZIP>09114
<CLASSCOD>J
<NAICS>811310
<OFFADD>
<SUBJECT>M&R Safety Inspection of Doors
<SOLNBR>W912PB20Q3004
<CONTACT>Shalynn A. Evans, SSG, Phone 499641838401, Email shalynn.a.evans.mil@mail.mil - Carlet A Clark, Contract  Specialists , Phone 3154758809, Email carlet.a.clark.civ@mail.mil
<DESC><p align="left">&nbsp;<strong>Maintenance, Repair and Safety Inspection of Door Systems </strong></p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/1d0fbb6efc3415fc43cceff416195757
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1016
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Agricultural Marketing Service
<LOCATION>Commodity Procurement Program
<ZIP>20250
<CLASSCOD>89
<NAICS>311911
<OFFADD>1400 Independence Ave., SW
Washington, DC  20250 Washington DC 20250
<SUBJECT>Raw Shelled Peanuts Product for use in Domestic Food Assistance Programs
<SOLNBR>12-3J14-20-B-0004
<RESPDATE>110519
<CONTACT>Mara Whitaker, Contract Specialist, Phone 816-926-6063, Fax 816-823-2303, Email Mara.Whitaker@ams.usda.gov - Jeffrey Jackson, Contracting Officer, Phone 816-926-2530, Fax 816-823-2303, Email JeffreyF.Jackson@ams.usda.gov
<DESC>USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service - Commodity Procurement Staff - Dairy, Grain &amp; Multifood Branch, intends to issue solicitation<br />12-3J14-20-B-0004 for procurement of Raw Shelled Peanuts Product for domestic food assistance programs. Deliveries are to various locations in the United States on an FOB destination basis. The solicitation may include various small business set asides pursuant to the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631, et seq.). This may include partial or total small business set-asides, service-disabled veteran-owned (SDVO) set-asides, quantities reserved for 8(a) and AbilityOne firms, and price evaluation preferences for qualified HUBZone small businesses. Quantities reserved for 8(a) and SDVO firms where only one of those firms meets AMS qualification requirements will be awarded on a sole source basis through issuance of a letter RFP issued directly to those companies.
<p><br />The solicitation is expected to be available on or after Octoer 16, 2019, and will be available electronically through USDA Web Based Supply Chain Management (WBSCM) system located at https://portal.wbscm.usda.gov/publicprocurement and also through a link to the aforementioned website in the document package attached to the solicitation notice on the Federal Business Opportunities website. A hard copy of the solicitation will not be available for the acquisition. All future information regarding this acquisition, including solicitation amendments and award notices, will be published through WBSCM and the Federal Business Opportunities website (http://www.fbo.gov). Interested parties shall be responsible for ensuring that they have the most up-to-date information about this acquisition. The anticipated date of receipt for offers will be on or near November 5, 2019. The contract type will be firm-fixed price.<br /><br />Pursuant to Agricultural Acquisition Regulation 470.103(b), commodities and the products of agricultural commodities acquired under this contract must be a product of the United States and shall be considered to be such a product if it is grown, processed, and otherwise prepared for sale or distribution exclusively in the United States. Packaging and container components under this acquisition will be the only portion subject to the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement and Free Trade Agreements, as addressed by FAR clause 52.225-5. Complete details of the commodity and packaging requirements are available in USDA's commodity requirements document available through the attached document package. AMS's solicitation (when published) will specify the pack sizes, quantities, and required delivery schedules.<br /><br />To be eligible to submit offers, potential contractors must meet the AMS vendor qualification requirements established in accordance with FAR Subpart 9.2. The AMS main contact for vendor qualification requirements is Andrea Lang who can be reached by phone at (202) 720-4237 or by email to Andrea.Lang@ams.usda.gov. Details of these requirements and contact information are available online at: http://www.ams.usda.gov/selling-food<br /><br />Once qualification requirements have been met, access to WBSCM will be provided. Bids, modifications, withdrawals of bids, and price adjustments shall be submitted using this system. Submission of the above by any means other than WBSCM will be determined nonresponsive.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/9cf92026d23a9f874d98625f7af31040
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1016
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Education and Training Command
<LOCATION>Keesler AFB, 81st Contracting Squadron
<ZIP>39534-2147
<CLASSCOD>65
<NAICS>325413
<OFFADD>310 M Street Rm 102 Keesler AFB MS 39534-2147
<SUBJECT>Cytoscan Reagent Kits
<SOLNBR>FA301020Q0001
<RESPDATE>102319
<CONTACT>Gemar Dutollo, Contract Specialist, Phone 2283771836, Email gemar.dutollo@us.af.mil - Amanda Cerda, Contract Specialist, Phone 2283771818, Email amanda.cerda@us.af.mil
<DESC>This is a proposed sole source acquisition for Cytoscan Array Bundle Kits from Life Technologies for the Keesler Medical Center at Keesler Air Force Base, Mississippi 39534. The solicitation will be posted in http://www.fbo.gov on or about 17 October 2019.
<p>The applicable NAICS for this acquisition is 325413 and the size standard is 1,250 employees. The government anticipates award of a firm-fixed-price contract as result of the solicitation. The solicitation may be downloaded from FBO since copies of the solicitation will not be available for mailing. All prospective offerors must be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award of contract with any DoD Agency. Registration may be accomplished at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. Any interested party may submit a proposal which will be considered by this organization.</p>
<p>The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one sole source under authority of FAR 6.302. Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all proposals received on or before the offer due date specified on the solicitation/RFQ will be considered by the government. A determination by the Government to not compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AETC/KAFBCS/FA301020Q0001/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>39534
<POPADDRESS>
Keesler AFB, MS
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1016
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Global Strike Command
<LOCATION>5 CONS
<ZIP>58705-5027
<CLASSCOD>Z
<NAICS>238210
<OFFADD>165 Missile Avenue Minot AFB ND 58705-5027
<SUBJECT>Install Variable Frequency Drive
<SOLNBR>FA452820R0006_VFD
<ARCHDATE>12312019
<CONTACT>James E. Moore, Contracting Officer, Phone 7017233480, Email james.moore.45@us.af.mil - Rachel L. Williams, Contract Administrator, Phone (701)723-3056, Fax (701)723-4172, Email rachel.williams.26@us.af.mil
<DESC>&nbsp;
<p style="LINE-HEIGHT: 150%; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">This notice serves to provide notification to all small businesses for the upcoming solicitation for services non-personal: Provide all labor, equipment, materials, tools, parts, and transportation to and from the job site to Install Variable Frequency Drives in accordance with project Statement of Work. </span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.25in; LINE-HEIGHT: 150%"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="LINE-HEIGHT: 150%; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Magnitude of this solicitation </span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">is between $250,000 and $500,000.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.25in; LINE-HEIGHT: 150%"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="LINE-HEIGHT: 150%"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this project is 238210 (Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors); the Business Size Standard is $16,500,000.00 in average annual receipts for the last three years.</span></p>
<p style="LINE-HEIGHT: 150%"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="LINE-HEIGHT: 150%"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">The complete solicitation package, which includes the project plans and specifications, will be made available only through the FedBizOpps website at https://fbo.gov/.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Anyone wishing to participate in this proposed procurement must obtain their copy from the internet.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Copies <span style="mso-bidi-font-weight: bold">will not </span>be mailed from the Contracting Office.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>All amendments will be posted on FedBizOpps.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Contractors will be solely responsible for obtaining amendments from this site to update files.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>This project will be solicited as 100% Small Business set-aside with the intent to award a Firm-Fixed Price Contract in which award will be made, in accordance with the acquisition procedures established in FAR 15.101-2, to the offeror(s) whose evaluated offer/proposal represented the lowest priced technically acceptable.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.25in; LINE-HEIGHT: 150%"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="LINE-HEIGHT: 150%"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Anticipated issue date for the solicitation is at least 15 days after issuance of this notice and can be accessed at the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website at www.fbo.gov.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.25in; LINE-HEIGHT: 150%"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="LINE-HEIGHT: 150%"><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">Notice to Offerors: </span></span></p>
<p style="LINE-HEIGHT: 150%"><span style="FONT-FAMILY: ">NOTE 1: </span><span style="FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>All prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at http://www.sam.gov/ before award of contract; failure to register in the SAM database will cause your firm to be ineligible for any future award.</span></p>
<p style="LINE-HEIGHT: 150%"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/notices/5e11d8584d46ea9b709cc408c40678ed
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>Total Small Business
<POPCOUNTRY>US
<POPZIP>58705
<POPADDRESS>Minot AFB, ND
Minot AFB, ND
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1016
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ - Robins AFB
<ZIP>31098-1611
<CLASSCOD>58
<NAICS>811219
<OFFADD>215 Page Rd Robins AFB GA 31098-1611
<SUBJECT>Repair of TCAS
<SOLNBR>FA8539-20-R-0002
<RESPDATE>112919
<CONTACT>Webster Stubbs, Contracting Officer, Phone 478222-4413, Email webster.stubbs@us.af.mil
<DESC>This is a notice of intent that WR-ALC anticipates issuing a Firm Fixed Price Requirement type contract with a Basic and four ordering periods and a 6 month Option with BEQ quantity range between 1 - 14 units per year for the Repair of the Traffic Collision Avoidance System (TCAS), National Stock Number (NSN) 5895-01-485-0550CX, Part Number (P/N) 822-1293-002 in support of the E-3 and E8 aircraft. Interested person(s) may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit quote/proposal(s). This notice of intent is for COMPETITIVE Request for quote/Proposal(s). All proposals received within the thirty days after issuance of solicitation, or 45 days after the publication date of this synopsis will be considered. OMBUDSMAN: All potential offeror(s) should contact the buyer/PCO identified above for additional information and/or to communicate concerns, if any, concerning this acquisition. If the contracting officer does not satisfy your concerns, an Ombudsman has been appointed to hear serious concerns that are not resolved through established channels. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate serous contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. When appropriate, potential offeror(s) may contact Ombudsman Timothy R. Inman at 478-222-4097. Please be prepared to identify previous contacts made by you in an attempt to resolve your concerns.
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/WRALC/FA8539-20-R-0002/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1016
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Torrque Drum
<SOLNBR>sprta120r0028
<ARCHDATE>10312019
<CONTACT>Deborah K. Teubert, Contract Spec, Phone 4058553546, Email deborah.teubert@us.af.mil
<DESC>&nbsp;
<p style="TEXT-ALIGN: center" align="center"><strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal"><em style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Synopsis</span></em></strong></p>
<p style="TEXT-ALIGN: center" align="center"><strong style="mso-bidi-font-weight: normal"><em style="mso-bidi-font-style: normal"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">FD2030-20-00267</span></em></strong></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;1.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Estimated solicitation issue date <span style="COLOR: red">2 Nov 2019</span> of <span style="COLOR: red">RFP</span> <span style="COLOR: red">SPRTA120-R-0028 </span>with an estimated response date of <span style="COLOR: red">2 Dec 2019</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;2.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">PR#:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">FD2030-20-00267</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;3.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Nomenclature/Noun: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="COLOR: red">Torque Drum Unit</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;4.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">NSN: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="COLOR: red">1680-99-024-7042</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;5.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">PN: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="COLOR: red">43325636</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 1in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.75in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;6.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Application (Engine or Aircraft): <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="COLOR: red">KC135</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;7.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">AMC: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>3<span style="COLOR: red">D</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;8.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Qualified Sources:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">Flight Refueling LTD (U1918)</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;9.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">History:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">Allied Defense (Distributor for) 28 Dec 2018</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;10.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Description/Function: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="COLOR: red">Used to apply tension to the hose when the hose is deployed and prevents a stack hose during refueling.</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;11.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Dimensions:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">24.0" (L) x 7.00" (W) x 7.00" (H) and weighs 15.00 (LBs)</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;12.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Material:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">Alluminum Allow Steel </span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;13.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Small Business Set-Aside:<span style="COLOR: red"><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Not Applicable</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;14.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Qualification Requirements:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red"><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Not Applicable<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;15.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">First Article:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">Applicable</span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;16.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Export Control:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Not <span style="COLOR: red">Applicable.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></span></p>
<p><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;17.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Award Type:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">Firm Fixed-Price Fixed-Quantity <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span></span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;18.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Total Line Item(s) Quantity:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">L/I 0001 - 7 each with MIN 2/MAX 11</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;19.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Required Delivery: <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="COLOR: red">2 each monthly beginning 2 May 2020</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Destination:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">SW3211</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;20.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Point of contact:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="mso-tab-count: 1">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: red">Deborah Teubert (405) 855-3546</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 1.5in; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">DLA-Aviation/AOBA</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 1.5in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="mso-tab-count: 1">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>3001 Staff Dr. Suite 2B95</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 1.5in; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Tinker AFB OK 73145<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 1.5in; TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;21.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Mandatory Language:</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Authority:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>10 U.S.C. 2304(c)(1). <span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Supplies or services required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Therefore, the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span><span style="COLOR: black"><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span>Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">In accordance with FAR 52.225-3, Buy American Act - Free Trade Agreements, one or more of these items under this acquisition is subject to the Free Trade Agreement. </span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.25in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-tab-count: 1">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Government's obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Hard copies of the solicitation will not be sent from this office.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The solicitation will be available for download only at <a href="http://www.fbo.gov">www.fbo.gov</a>.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">This acquisition involves technology that has a military or space application.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>The extent of foreign participation has not yet been determined.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Nothing in this notice contradicts other restrictions, identified in the synopsis notice or solicitation regarding eligible sources (e.g., if this is a small business set-aside).<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>Foreign sources may not participate as potential prime contractors but could if otherwise eligible participate as subcontractor(s).</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in; TEXT-AUTOSPACE: ; mso-layout-grid-align: none"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">Due to the complexity and criticality of this part, only actual manufactures that have successfully completed all testing required by the original company responsible for the design, or manufacturers that have successfully completed all testing on items determined by the government to be similar in complexity and criticality and can be considered approved sources for this item.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from Offerors or potential Offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at (<span style="COLOR: red">405) 734-8241.</span><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS. </span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 0.7in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.2in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN: 0in 0.5in 0pt 0.75in; TEXT-INDENT: -0.5in; tab-stops: list .75in; mso-list: l0 level1 lfo1"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span>&bull;22.<span style="FONT: 7pt ">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></span><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">UID:<span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp; </span>If unit price exceeds $5,000.00 then UID requirements will apply.</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-RIGHT: 0.5in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: "><span style="mso-spacerun: yes">&nbsp;</span></span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in"><span style="FONT-SIZE: 11pt; FONT-FAMILY: ">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in">&nbsp;</p>
<p style="MARGIN-LEFT: 0.7in">&nbsp;</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/sprta120r0028/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1016
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>53
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>Bolt, Close Tolerance
<SOLNBR>FD203020000136
<ARCHDATE>11082019
<CONTACT>Roxanne Yorgason, Contract Specialist, Email roxanne.yorgason@us.af.mil - Phil Crowder, Contracting Officer, Email phillip.crowder@us.af.mil
<DESC><p><strong>Any inquiries regarding this notice shall be submitted in writing, via email, to the Contract Specialist listed in this notice. No telephone inquiries will be accepted. </strong></p>
<p>The United States Air Force through Air Force Support Center (AFSC) at Oklahoma City Air Logistics Center (OC-ALC) is intends to procure "Bolt, Close Tolerance" (Quantity: 3) as detailed below for a FFP Contract. This is a competitive effort.</p>
<p><br />1. Estimated issue date and estimated closing/response date:</p>
<p>Issued: 16 October 2019<br />Estimated Closing Date: 6 November 2019</p>
<p>2.  Solicitation Reference - FD20302000136</p>
<p>3.  PR# - FD20302000136</p>
<p>4.  Nomenclature/Noun  - Bolt, Close Tolerance</p>
<p>5.   NSN - 5306013194844FW</p>
<p>6.  Part Number(s) - VCJ0001-16-104; AIC 1635-16-104; VS 3319-16-104; PB 1420-16-104; SIL 188-16-104; 123709-16-104</p>
<p>7.	Application  (Engine  or Aircraft) - B-2 Aircraft</p>
<p>8.	History - N/A</p>
<p>9.	Description:  Line Item 0001: 5306013194844FW, Part numbers: VCJ0001-16-104; AIC 1635-16-104; VS 3319-16-104; PB 1420-16-104; SIL 188-16-104; 123709-16-104</p>
<p>Weight is an estimate; head style is spline drive shear head; head height is 0.529 in. min and 0.559 in. max; head minor diameter is 1.487 in. min; grip length is 6.485 in. min and 6.515 in. max; grip diameter is 0.9980 in .and 0.9990 in. max</p>
<p>Other Dimensions - The overall fastener length is 7.718 in.; nominal thread diameter is 1.0 inches; thread quantity/in is 12; thread class is 3A; thread direction is right-hand; thread length is 1.218in.; min tensil strength is 125000 pounds per square inch;</p>
<p>Item Material - nickel alloy 718 overall; material doc and classification is AMS 5662 ASSn STD single material response overall; surface treatment is passive overall, surface treatment doc and classification is QQ-P-35 FED spec single treatment response overall</p>
<p>Required Delivery - 3 units on 7 August 2020.  Early delivery is acceptable.</p>
<p>10.	Mandatory  Language:   N/A</p>
<p>11.	Export Control: N/A</p>
<p>12.	Other information: Electronic and oral solicitation procedures are anticipated for this solicitation. The proposed contract action is for overhaul for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with a limited number of sources. This notice is a request for competitive proposal. All proposals received within 21 days after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government.</p>
<p>While price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price and past performance factors as detailed in the solicitation.<br /> <br />Note:   An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential  Offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation  of proposals  opor in  the source selection process.  Interested parties  are invited  to call the Ombudsman at (405) 736-3273. DO NOT CALL THIS  NUMBER  FOR SOLICITATION  REQUESTS.</p>
<LINK>
<URL>https://www.fbo.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/FD203020000136/listing.html
<DESC>Link To Document
<SETASIDE>N/A
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1016
<YEAR>19
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>PK/PZ Tinker AFB
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>16
<NAICS>336413
<OFFADD>3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>E-3/E-8 Fuel Quantity Indicator Repair
<SOLNBR>FA811720R0002
<ARCHDATE>10312019
<CONTACT>Catherine Ashford, Contract Specialist, Phone 4057394496, Email catherine.ashford@us.af.mil - Burl Sellers, Contracting Specialist, Phone 405-734-6108, Email burl.sellers@us.af.mil
<DESC><p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: center; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;" align="center"><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">PREAWARD SYNOPSIS </span></span></strong></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: center; line-height: normal;" align="center"><span style="font-size: 16.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; mso-fareast-font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;;">E-3/E-8 Aircraft Fuel Quantity Indicator</span><span style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;, serif; font-size: 14pt; text-indent: 0.5in;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: center; line-height: normal;" align="center"><span style="font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;, serif; font-size: 14pt; text-indent: 0.5in;">Multiple NSNs</span></p>
<div>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><strong><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif;">THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. THIS SYNOPSIS IS A PRE AWARD NOTIFICATION OF THE GOVERNMENT&rsquo;S INTENT TO AWARD A SOLE SOURCE CONTRACT.<span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp;&nbsp; </span></span></strong></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><strong><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif;">&nbsp;</span></strong></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: justify; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">General Information</span></span></strong></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: justify; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: justify; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">Document Type:<span style="mso-tab-count: 1;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span><span style="mso-tab-count: 1;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span><span style="mso-tab-count: 1;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>Pre-Award Synopsis</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: justify; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">Program:<span style="mso-tab-count: 2;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span><span style="mso-tab-count: 1;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span><span style="mso-tab-count: 1;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>E-3/E-8 Fuel Quantity Indicator System Repair </span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: justify; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">Solicitation Number:<span style="mso-tab-count: 1;">&nbsp;&nbsp; </span><span style="mso-tab-count: 1;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span><span style="mso-tab-count: 1;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>FA8117-20-R-0002</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: justify; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">Anticipated Solicitation Posted Date:<span style="mso-tab-count: 1;"> </span>30 OCT 2019</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: justify; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">Anticipated Contract Award:<span style="mso-tab-count: 1;"> </span><span style="mso-tab-count: 1;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>3 FEB 2020</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: justify; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">Purchase Request Number:<span style="mso-tab-count: 2;">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </span>FD20301902758</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: justify; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: justify; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">Contracting Office Address</span></span></strong></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: justify; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">Department of the Air Force, AFSC/PZABA, Tinker AFB, 3001 Staff Drive, Tinker AFB, OK<span style="mso-spacerun: yes;">&nbsp; </span>73145, UNITED STATES</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: justify; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">&nbsp;</span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; text-align: justify; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif; color: black;">Description</span></span></strong></p>
<p class="MsoNormal" style="margin-bottom: .0001pt; line-height: normal; mso-layout-grid-align: none; text-autospace: none;"><span style="font-size: 12.0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;,serif;">The purpose of this synopsis is to notify industry of the Air Forces&rsquo; intent to award a Sole Source contract directed towards Ametek, with a Cage Code of 61349, pursuant to FAR 13.106-1(b)(1): Contracting officers may solicit from one source if the contracting officer determines that the circumstances of the contract action deem only one source reasonably available.&nbsp; The Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), Ametek, is the only source with the data, parts, expertise, tools and test equipment necessary to repair sufficiently to meet the Gov