# ftpVAN20011105

<PRESOL>
<DATE>1010
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR
<LOCATION>Procurement Branch
<ZIP>20534
<CLASSCOD>96
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Federal Prison Industries/UNICOR, Procurement Branch, 320 First Street, N.W., Washington, DC, 20534
<SUBJECT>96 -- Scrap Metal Services
<SOLNBR>MT582-01
<RESPDATE>101101
<ARCHDATE>null
<CONTACT>Alice Calabro, Contracting Officer, Phone 202-305-7331, Fax 202-305-7353, Email acalabro@central.unicor.gov
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for a service/supply contract for commercial items in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with the additional information included in this notice. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITTION; PROPOSALS ARE BEING REQUESTED AND A WRITTEN SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE ISSUED. The solicitation and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 97-23 effective February 20, 2001The solicitation number is MT582-01 and this is a Request for Proposal. This acquisition is unrestricted. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 56199?Scrap Metal Services. Proposals are due in this office no later than Thursday, October 11, 2001 at 2:00PM ET. Federal Prison Industries Inc. intends to enter into a firm fixed price requirements type contract for a period of performance of five years with a five years option, if exercised. Place of Performance: UNICOR El Reno, Oklahoma. UNICOR intends to award on an ?All or None Basis?. The quantities specified in the solicitation are estimates only; and shall not obligate the Government. Orders may be issued from date of contract award through five years thereafter and an additional 5 years if the option is exercised. The contractor must provide all manpower and equipment necessary for the loading, removal, and replacing of the bins for all three items: steel scrap, estimated quantity of 75 ton; tin cans, estimated quantity of 75,000 lbs.; and miscellaneous iron, estimated quantity of 375,000 ton. The contractor must be able to pickup item 1 after 4:00 AM and before 6:00AM when called the previous day due to the fact that the container is located inside the secure fence of the institution. The contractor will be required to furnish large bins to be placed in the Industry area for item 1, the transportation area for item 2 and the salvage area for item 3. Upon weighing each load the contractor will furnish a weight ticket of each item with the accompanying check made out to UNICOR, Federal Prison Industries. Only one contract will be awarded. Contractors must submit proposals on all three items in order to be considered for award. Each pickup requirement will be placed by authorized personnel either at El Reno OK and /or Central Office in Washington, DC with the exception of the Contracting Officer?s Technical Representative (COTR).  The Contracting Officer?s Technical Representative (COTR) is Ms. Nancy Evans, El Reno, Oklahoma, Telephone: 405/262-4875 Ext.369. The Contracting Officer at El Reno is Mr. Kirk Kennedy, Telephone: 405/262-4875 ext.368. Prices will be FOB Destination. Pickups will be Monday through Friday, excluding weekends, Federal Holidays, and institution emergencies. Delivery address: UNICOR El Reno, (PO Box 1000), Hwy.66 W, El Reno, Oklahoma 73036. Delivery Hours: 8:00AM to 3:00PM. The contractor shall not be required to make any deliveries under this contract after 30 calendar days from contract expiration date. Interested contractors may submit a proposal to mailing address UNICOR Federal Prison Industries Inc., Industrial Products Group, 320 First Street, NW Washington, DC 20534 Attn: Alice Calabro, Room 6035; and  (if Hand-carried, Federal Express, UPS, etc.) send to: UNICOR, Federal Prison Industries, Inc., Industrial Products Group, 400 First Street, 6th Floor, Room 6035 N.W., Washington, DC 20534. Attn: Alice Calabro, Contracting Officer. Reference the solicitation number on the outside of the package. The proposal will be evaluated by the following Best Value Criteria:  Price, Past Performance, and Delivery. This will result in an ?All or None? award.  The following clauses are applicable to this solicitation: 52.204-6, Contractor Identification Number?Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number; 52.212-1, Instruction to Offerors?Commercial Items; 52.212-2, Evaluation?Commercial Items; 52.212-3, Offeror?Representations and Certifications- Commerc
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/DOJ/FPI-UNICOR/MMB/MT582-01/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>28
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting), 3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A, Tinker AFB, OK, 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>28 -- Compressor Vane Assembly F-100 Engine SOLE SOURCE Pratt & Whitney
<SOLNBR>F34601-02-53843
<RESPDATE>120501
<ARCHDATE>03302002
<CONTACT>Rhonda Trent, buyer, Phone 405-739-4401, Fax 405-739-4237, Email rhonda.trent@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>OC-ALC/LPDPA DIR CONTRACTING/PROPULSION 3001 STAFF DR STE 2AG1/106C TINKER AIR FORCE BASE OK 73145-3032 
28?Vane Assembly Compressor  SOL F34601-02-53843 DUE 12/21/01 OC-ALC/PKXDA TINKER AFB OK 73145-3015, For additional information contact Rhonda Trent/LPDBA/[405]734-8772 Item 0001 NSN 2840-01-368-0006 P/N: 4083979-01, SIZE: APPROXIMATELY 2? L  X 1? W MATERIAL OF MFG: NICKEL ALLOY FORM/FIT/FUNCTION: A RING OF SEGMENTS USED TO DIVERT COMPRESSED AIR AT ANGLE OF ATTACK IN CORE MOD.  TO OPERATE F100 PW 229 ENGINE.  138EA. Applicable to: F100/229. Destn: Tinker Air Force Base Ok 73145-3032. Delivery: 30 JUN 2002.  QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:  Sources must be qualified prior to being considered for award.    . The anticipated award date will be 05 DEC 2001. Written procedure will be used for this solicitation To: United Technologies Corp, East Hartford Ct 06118-1888. No telephone requests. Only written or faxed requests received directly from the requestor are acceptable. All responsible sources solicited may submit a bid, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered. Authority: 10 U.S.C. 2304(C)(1), Justification: Supplies (or Services) required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302. Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all proposals received within forty five-days (thirty days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A Determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Award will be made only if the offeror, the product/service, or the manufacturer meets qualification requirements at the time of award in accordance with FAR clause 52.209-1. The solicitation identifies the office where additional information can be obtained concerning qualification requirements as cited in each individual solicitation.   It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contact with the firm(s) listed. Note: While price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price and past performance factors as detailed in the solicitation. Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential Offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at (405) 736-3273. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS. Note: Faxed solicitation requests can be submitted to OC-ALC/PKXDA, Tinker AFB OK 73145-3015, FAX NUMBER (405)739-3656. See Note (s) 26; 22



<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/F34601-02-53843/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Facilities Engineering Command
<LOCATION>Engineering Field Division, Atlantic, Headquarters, Hampton Roads IPT
<ZIP>23511-3689
<CLASSCOD>W
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Engineering Field Division, Atlantic, Headquarters, Hampton Roads IPT, 9342 Virginia Avenue Building Z140, Suite 128, Norfolk, VA, 23511-3689
<SUBJECT>W -- W-Annual Lease, Surveillance Vehicles, all Sites
<SOLNBR>N62470-01-B-6049
<RESPDATE>022602
<ARCHDATE>03132002
<CONTACT>LeeArjetta Hamilton, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-444-8065 x 3130, Fax 757-444-4164, Email HamiltonLA@efdlant.navfac.navy.mil - Gloria Spicer, Contract Specialist, Phone 757-444-8065 ext 3107, Fax 757-444-4164, Email SpicerGH@efdlant.navfac.navy.mil
<DESC>The Officer in Charge requires all labor, supervision, tools, material, equipment, transportation and management necessary to supply various specified vehicles for lease.  Vehicles shall be delivered to various U.S. Naval activity locations designed by the Contracting Officer.  The work identified to be provided by means of an Indefinite Delivery Requirements type contract.  The contract term shall be for a period of one year.  Task Orders  can be issued on the contract for a period not to exceed 36 months.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) is 532112.  The Invitation for Bids (IFB) will be posted on the NAVFACENGCOM Electronic Solicitation (E-Sol) website and Plans and Specifications will be made available on or about January 25, 2002.  The estimated Bid Opening Date (BOD) is February 26, 2002.  This solicitation will be available in electronic format only.  All documents will be in the Adobe Acrobat (.pdf) file format via the Internet.  The free Acrobat Reader, required to view .pdf files can be downloaded from the Adobe website.  The official access to the soliciatation is via the Internet.  The address is:  http://esol.navfac.navy.mil/.  Contractors are encouraged to register for the solicitation when downloading from the NAVFAC E-Sol website.  Only registered contractors will be notified by E-Mail when amendments to the solicitatin are issued.  The proposed procurement listed herein is not 100% Set-Aside for Small Business concerns.  All responsible sources may submit an offer, which will be considered.  Only written requests for the solicitation will be accepted, such requests must reference the Solicitation Number above.  Faxed requests may be sent to (757) 444-4164.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/USN/NAVFAC/N62470HR/N62470-01-B-6049/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of Transportation
<OFFICE>United States Coast Guard (USCG)
<LOCATION>Commanding Officer, USCG Civil Engineering Unit Cleveland
<ZIP>44199-2060
<CLASSCOD>Z
<OFFADD>Department of Transportation, United States Coast Guard (USCG), Commanding Officer, USCG Civil Engineering Unit Cleveland, 1240 East 9th Street, Cleveland, OH, 44199-2060
<SUBJECT>Z--Traverse City, MI--Toilet Room ADA Renovations at U.S. Coast Guard Air Station Traverse City.
<SOLNBR>DTCG83-02-Q-3WF088
<RESPDATE>122701
<ARCHDATE>null
<CONTACT>Brian Jarrell, Contract Specialist, Phone 216-902-6215, Fax 216-902-6278, Email BJarrell@ceucleveland.uscg.mil
<DESC>Provide all labor, material, equipment, transportation, and supervision required to construct new, handicapped-accessible toilet rooms at U.S. Coast Guard Air Station Traverse City, Traverse City, MI.  Work includes the following:  Demolish existing toilet room interior partitions, fixtures, and finishes as indicated.  Rework existing final electrical and mechanical systems.  Demolish portions of the existing concrete floor slabs.  Re-work under floor plumbing.  Replace partial concrete slabs, construct new metal stud framed partitions, and install new doors frames and hardware.  Install new final mechanical electrical items and fixtures.  Install new floor, wall and ceiling finishes, and accessories.  Period of performance is estimated to be 120 days after Notice to Proceed.  The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 235510 (formerly SIC Code 1751).  This procurement is open to large and small businesses in accordance with the Small Business Competitiveness Demonstration Program.  This procurement is estimated between $25K and $100K.  All relevant solicitation documents, including specifications and drawings will be available for download exclusively from the Internet in approximately fifteen days by accessing the government-wide Electronic Posting System website at http://www.eps.gov.  Offerors should register to receive notification of upload under the solicitation number DTCG83-02-Q-3WF088.  Any amendments issued to this solicitation will be posted solely on the Internet.  For potential printing sources, log onto the website:  http://www.uscg.mil/mlclant/ceucleveland (Contracting, Printing Sources).  ATTENTION:  Minority, Women-Owned and Disadvantaged Business Enterprises (DBEs)!  The Department of Transportation (DOT), offers working capital financing and bonding assistance for transportation related contracts.  DOTs Bonding Assistance Program (BAP) offers bid, performance and payment bonds on contracts up to $1,000,000.00.  DOTs Short-Term Lending Program (STLP) offers lines of credit to finance accounts receivable.  Maximum line of credit is $500,000.00 with interest at the prime rate.  For further information, call (800) 532-1169.  Internet address: http://osdbuweb.dot.gov. 

<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/DOT/USCG/USCGCEUC/DTCG83-02-Q-3WF088/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of Justice
<OFFICE>Bureau of Prisons
<LOCATION>Construction Contracting
<ZIP>20534
<CLASSCOD>Y
<OFFADD>Department of Justice, Bureau of Prisons, Construction Contracting, 320 First Street, NW, Room 5006, Washington, DC, 20534
<SUBJECT>Y -- Design-Build Construction of a Medium Security Federal Correctional Institution to be located near Butner, North Carolina
<SOLNBR>X00-0434
<RESPDATE>111501
<ARCHDATE>01052002
<CONTACT>Marvin Walker, Contracting Officer, Phone 202-307-0954, Fax 202-616-6055, Email mwalker@bop.gov - Richard Formella, Contracting Officer, Phone 202-307-0954, Fax 202-616-6055, Email rformella@bop.gov
<DESC>This is reference to the previously submitted notice X00-0454, the correct number should be X00-0434.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/DOJ/BPR/CC/X00-0434/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>United States Postal Service
<OFFICE>Transportation Purchasing
<LOCATION>Capital Metro Transportation Purchasing
<ZIP>20785-1611
<CLASSCOD>V
<OFFADD>United States Postal Service, Transportation Purchasing, Capital Metro Transportation Purchasing, 3636 Pennsy Drive, Landover, MD, 20785-1611
<SUBJECT>V -- BOX DELIVERY SERVICE WEST FRIENDSHIP, MD TO WYNFIELD RD (21770), MD
<SOLNBR>200-6-02
<RESPDATE>120501
<ARCHDATE>12202001
<CONTACT>Robert Bartle, Contract Trans. Specialist, Phone (301) 618-4405, Fax (301) 618-4444, Email rbartle@email.usps.gov - Dennis O'Neil, Contract Trans. Specialist, Phone (301) 618-4404, Fax (301) 618-4444, Email doneil@email.usps.gov
<DESC>THIS SOLICITATION IS FOR BOX DELIVERY SERVICE IN THE WEST FRIENDSHIP MD AREA.  OFFERORS MUST LIVE IN HOWARD COUNTY MD OR A COUNTY ADJACENT TO HOWARD COUNTY.  SERVICE IS MAILBOX TO MAILBOX, OFFERORS MUST PROVIDE VEHICLE:  PASSENGER CAR WITH AT LEAST 60 CUBES OF USEABLE CARGO SPACE.  INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS:  $100,000 PER PERSON, $300,000 PER ACCIDENT LIABILITY, $50,000 PER PROPERTY DAMAGE.  FOR SOLICITATION PACKAGE, PLEASE CALL 301 618-4425 OR RESPOND VIA EMAIL, GIVING NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, AND SOLICITATION NUMBER.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/USPS/TP/CMTP/200-6-02/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>0712
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>OO-ALC
<ZIP>84056
<CLASSCOD>15
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, OO-ALC, OO-ALC/PKXD 6038 Aspen Ave (Bldg 1289), Hill AFB, UT, 84056
<SUBJECT>15 -- SPAR, AIRCRAFT
<SOLNBR>F42620-01-Q-25943
<RESPDATE>080101
<ARCHDATE>null
<CONTACT>Julie Wright, Contracting Officer, Phone 801-777-6042, Email Julie.Wright@hill.af.mil
<DESC>SPAR, AIRCRAFT, DIM/Tol = Ref to JEDMICS Drawing  DWG: Rev C
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OOALC/F42620-01-Q-25943/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>Glenn Research Center
<LOCATION>Office of Procurement
<ZIP>44135
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>NASA/Glenn Research Center, 21000 Brookpark Road, Cleveland, OH 44135
<SUBJECT>59--X-BAND TO 50GHZ, LOAD-PULL TEST SET
<SOLNBR>RFO3-186175
<RESPDATE>112101
<ARCHDATE>11052002
<CONTACT>Jon C. Schultz, Contract Specialist, Phone (216) 433-2764, Fax (216) 433-2480, Email Jon.C.Schultz@grc.nasa.gov
<DESC>This notice is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This procurement is being conducted under the Simplified Acquisition Procedures (SAP). Requirement is for 1 ea. X-Band to 50 GHz, Load-Pull Test Set, up to 4 watts output power. The provisions and clauses in the RFO are those in effect through FAC 97-27. The NAICS Code and the small business size standard for this procurement are 334515 and 500 employees, respectively. The quoter shall state in their quotation their size status for this procurement. All qualified responsible business sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the agency. Delivery to Glenn Research Center, Shipping/Receiving-Bldg. 21, 21000 Brookpark Rd., Cleveland, Ohio 44135 is required within 70 to 90 days ARO.  Delivery shall be FOB Destination.  The DPAS rating for this procurement is DO-C9. Quotations for the items(s) described above are due by 4:30 PM, local time, 11/22/01 and may be mailed or faxed to Glenn Research Center, Plum Brook Station, ATTN: Jon C. Schultz, 6100 Columbus Avenue, Sandusky, Ohio 44870 [FAX NUMBER: 419-621-3236] and include, solicitation number, FOB destination to Glenn Research Center,Shipping/Receiving - Bldg. 21, 21000 Brookpark Rd., Cleveland, Ohio 44135 , proposed delivery schedule, discount/payment terms, warranty duration (if applicable), taxpayer identification number (TIN), identification of any special commercial terms, and be signed by an authorized company representative.  Quoters are encouraged to use the Standard Form 1449, Solicitation/Contract/Order for Commercial Items form found at URL:      http://procure.arc.nasa.gov/Acq/Forms/Index.html      to submit a quotation. Quoters shall provide the information required by FAR 52.212-1.    If the end product(s) quoted is other than domestic end product(s) as defined in the clause entitled "Buy American Act -- Supplies," the quoter shall so state and shall list the country of origin. The Representations and Certifications required by FAR 52.2l2-3 may be obtained via the internet at URL:      http://ec.msfc.nasa.gov/msfc/pub/reps_certs/sats/      FAR 52.212-4 is applicable.  FAR 52.212-5 is applicable and the following identified clauses are incorporated by reference:52.203-6, 52.219-4, 52.219-8, 52.219-14,52.219-23, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-35, 52.222-36, 52.222-37, 52.225-3, 52.232-33.  The FAR may be obtained via the Internet at URL:       http://www.arnet.gov/far/      The NFS may be obtained via the Internet at URL:       http://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/procurement/regs/nfstoc.htm      Questions regarding this acquisition must be submitted in writing no later than 4:30 PM local time, 11/16/01. Award will be based upon overall best value to the Government, with consideration given to the factors of proposed technical merits, price and past performance; other critical requirements (i.e., delivery) if so stated in the RFO will also be considered.  Unless otherwise stated in the solicitation, for selection purposes, technical, price and past performance are essentially equal in importance.  It is critical that offerors provide adequate detail to allow evaluation of their offer (see FAR 52.212-1(b). Quoters must provide copies of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representation and Certifications - Commercial Items with their quote.  See above for where to obtain copies of the form via the Internet. An ombudsman has been appointed - See NASA Specific Note "B". Prospective quoters shall notify this office of their intent to submit a quotation.  It is the quoter's responsibility to monitor the following Internet site for the release of amendments (if any):       http://nais.msfc.nasa.gov/cgi-bin/EPS/bizops.cgi?gr=C&pin=22        Potent
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/NASA/GRC/OPDC20220/RFO3-186175/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of the Treasury
<OFFICE>Departmental Offices/Procurement Services Division (DO/PSD)
<LOCATION>Procurement Services Division (PSD)
<ZIP>20220
<CLASSCOD>R
<OFFADD>Department of the Treasury, Departmental Offices/Procurement Services Division (DO/PSD), Procurement Services Division (PSD), 1310 G Street, N.W., Suite 400 East, Washington, DC, 20220
<SUBJECT>R -- Search/Recruitment Support Services
<SOLNBR>A-02-0006
<RESPDATE>111601
<ARCHDATE>12012001
<CONTACT>Norman Wakefield, Contracting Officer, Phone 202-622-9391, Fax 202-622-2343, Email norman.wakefield@do.treas.gov - Patricia Wolfe, Contract Specialist, Phone (202) 622-2888, Fax (202) 622-2343, Email patricia.wolfe@do.treas.gov
<DESC>The Department of the Treasury, Departmental Offices, Procurement Services Division, is issuing this combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice, for search/recruitment support services.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued.  Request for Proposal number is A-02-0006.  The incorporated clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2000-01.  This solicitation is open to any responsive and responsible vendor.  STATEMENT OF WORK.   1.0 Background. The U. S. Department of the Treasury seeks search/recruitment support services for a senior Presidential appointment position.  This position reports directly to the Secretary of the Treasury and Deputy Secretary of the Treasury.  The position is responsible for the management of a large organizational unit within the Department with significant responsibilities and a substantial budget. The individual selected will need to have extensive management experience at the corporate CEO or equivalent level; demonstrate the ability to manage a diverse organization in transition; and be able to work cooperatively with Departmental management, Congress, senior administration officials, outside boards, employee organizations and professional associations.  The object of this contract is to identify potential candidates for this position for the Treasury Department. The post of duty for this position is Washington, D.C.  The maximum statutory salary is Executive Level III.  Travel is necessary as required for the position.  2.0 Scope of Work. The contractor shall interview officials identified by the contracting officer to assess the Department?s requirements and determine the qualifications of the individual desired for this position.  The contracting officer?s technical representative (COTR) has final authority to approve search requirements for the position.  Mission and functional statements will be provided to the contractor which describe the existing functions of the office, the goals and objectives of the current office and future challenges facing the Department in the functional program areas the position supervises.  Names of available applicants are required within eight weeks or less, and if the right candidate is not found, a rapid search shall continue.  3.0 Deliverables.  3.1 Schedule.  The Contractor shall provide a schedule that details its plan of accomplishment for the individual searches.  This plan shall be in keeping with the Contractor?s standard business practices for conducting executive level searches based on the unique requirements for this position. The contractor shall utilize innovative methods and far reaching searches in executing this requirement.  3.2 Written Profiles.  The Contractor shall provide a written profile of the characteristics and qualifications based on the qualities and experience that a prospective candidate should possess, including private and public sector experiences that would be considered qualifying.  Treasury will validate the profile of characteristics and qualifications that make a credible candidate for the identified position and will suggest modifications as necessary.  The intent of this is to ensure that the Treasury Department and the Contractor have a common understanding of the requirements of the position. 3.3 List of Candidates.  The Contractor shall conduct a focused search for candidates whose skills and experiences align with the profile created.  The Contractor shall assess the skills and experiences of interested individuals utilizing the written profiles developed in 3.2 above, and determine if the individuals are willing to consider this position.  The Contractor shall validate the skills and experiences of the applicants and then provide a list of at least five viable cand
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/TREAS/DOPSD/PSD/A-02-0006/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>16
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting), 3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A, Tinker AFB, OK, 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>16 -- Kit KF 9 
<SOLNBR>F3460102Q05626
<RESPDATE>112601
<ARCHDATE>12112001
<CONTACT>Karen Stevens, Contract Negotiator, Phone (405)734-6436, Email Karen.Stevens@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>Synopsis not required.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/F3460102Q05626/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Defense Logistics Agency
<OFFICE>Logistics Operations
<LOCATION>Defense Supply Center Richmond
<ZIP>23297-5000
<CLASSCOD>28
<OFFADD>Defense Logistics Agency, Logistics Operations, Defense Supply Center Richmond, 8000 Jefferson Davis Highway, Richmond, VA, 23297-5000
<SUBJECT>28 -- GEAR ASSY, MATCHED
<SOLNBR>SP0480-02-R-0108
<RESPDATE>123101
<ARCHDATE>01152002
<CONTACT>Joy Lynch, Contract Specialist, Phone (804)279-6613, Fax (804)279-5723, Email jlynch@dscr.dla.mil
<DESC>NSN: 2915-00-805-6483, PR: FPG01103000731, Gear Assy, Matched, Coltec Industries (CAGE 11599), P/N 73974, Quantity 330 each, FOB @ Origin, Inspection/Acceptance @ Origin.  Other than full and open competition, unrestricted basis.  The item meets the policies contained in FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items.  Specifications, plans or drawings are not available and cannot be furnished by the Government.  Delivery schedule is 205 days ARO.  The solicitation issue date is 2001 NOV 30.  A copy of the solicitation will be available via the DLA Procurement Gateway at http://progate.daps.mil/home or http://12.3.216.20/home on the issue date.  From the Gateway homepage, select "Search RFPs" from the left-hand sidebar.  Then choose the RFP you wish to download.  RFPs are in portable document format (PDF).  To download and view these documents, you will need the latest version of Adobe Acrobat Reader.  This software is available free at http://www.adobe.com.  A paper copy of this solicitation will not be available to requesters.  




<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/DLA/J3/DSCR/SP0480-02-R-0108/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of Agriculture
<OFFICE>Forest Service
<LOCATION>R-6 Western Washington Acquisition Area
<ZIP>98043
<CLASSCOD>C
<OFFADD>Department of Agriculture, Forest Service, R-6 Western Washington Acquisition Area, 21905 64th Avenue West, Mountlake Terrace, WA, 98043
<SUBJECT>C -- Philadelphia Eagle Cadastral Survey
<SOLNBR>R6-5-02-01-M
<RESPDATE>120501
<ARCHDATE>12202001
<CONTACT>Bonnie Childs, Contract Specialist, Phone (425) 744-3332, Fax (425) 744-3336, Email bchilds@fs.fed.us - Janet Hada, Procurement Technician, Phone (425) 744-3330, Fax (425) 744-3336, Email jhada@fs.fed.us
<DESC>Professional land surveying services for the monumentation and posting of National Forest Boundaries. The project consists of up to 3 each corner searches and evaluations, up to 3 each line tree search and evaluation, control survey, up to 7 each corner monumentation and up to 2.5 miles of marking and posting. The project is located on the Skykomish Ranger District, Mt. Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest, Snohomish County, Washington. Estimated contract time is up to 240 calendar days. Interested and qualified firms are invited to respond by submitting Forms SF-254, SF-255 and supplemental narrative and samples as follows: (1) Give a brief description of steps you will use to complete a project of this type, (2) Name, registration number and percent of time professional land surveyor in charge of project will spend on each phase, (3) Submit a copy of a recent survye plat that is representative of your cadastral work. Submittals will be evaluated according to the following criteria: Professional qualifications necessary for satisfactory performance of required services; Specialized experience and technical competence in the type of work required; Capacity to accomplish the work in the required time; Past performance on contracts with Government agencies and private industry in terms of cost control, quality of work, and compliance with performance schedules; Location in the geographical area of the project and knowledge of the locality of the project (provided that application of this criteria leaves an appropriate number of qualified firms, given the nature and size of the project; Computer-assisted drafting capability and capacity (where such design is required) using AutoCAD(tm) software; Adequacy of facilities for performance of the work including those necessary to provide specialized services that may be required; Volume and nature of present workload as it relates to ability to perform the work required; Experience and qualifications of proposed key personnel including specialized technical skills, project coordination and management skills and experience in working together as a team; Availability of additional contractor personnel or consultants to support expansion or acceleration of the project; The volume of work previously awarded by the Forest Service will be evaluated with the objective of effecting an equitable distribution of the contracts amount qualified 8(a) or small disadvantaged firms that have not had prior Forest Service contracts; And as prescribed by the Forest Service Acquisition Regulations 4G15.605(f) additional points may be assigned or credit given to potential contractors that are or will subcontract with certified 8(a) or other small disadvantaged businesses. This procedure will be allowed until units have met their small business goals (per GAO Decision B-223059 and B-223243). Submit responses to the Contracting Officer. Materials will be accepted through December 5, 2001. See numbered Note 24. This procurement is set aside for Emerging Small Business concerns.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/USDA/FS/05M6/R6-5-02-01-M/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans' Affairs
<OFFICE>Minneapolis VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<ZIP>55417
<CLASSCOD>V
<OFFADD>Attn: Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Director, Acquisition & Materiel Management, (90C), One Veterans Drive, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55417
<SUBJECT>V -- 2002 National Veterans Creative Arts Festival
<SOLNBR>618-90-02
<RESPDATE>113001
<ARCHDATE>12302001
<CONTACT>Point of Contact - Lee Wiech, Contract Specialist, (612) 725-2178, Contracting Officer - Lee Wiech, Contract Specialist, (612) 725-2178
<DESC>This is a combined synopsis/solicitation.  Request for Quotation #RFQ 618-90-02 entitled "Department of Veterans Affairs 2002 National Veterans Creative Arts Festival" is hereby issued for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, Subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This procurement is being conducted under FAR Subpart 13.5 test program; simplified acquisition procedures apply and the VA will conduct the procurement according to a combination of Parts 12 and 13. This announcement incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through FAR FAC 01-1 and VAAR 97-8.  NAICS Code 721110 applies for this procurement (formerly SIC code 7011) and the small business size standard is $5 million.  This CBD announcement/solicitation constitutes the only bid document that will be issued.  A separate written solicitation document will not be issued.  Contractor's proposals (cost and technical) are herein requested.  A response to requirements listed below shall be submitted on contractor's letterhead or formal quotation form and must address the requirements in a separate technical proposal.  Contractor's price and technical proposal must contain the name; title and signature of person authorized to submit proposals/bids on behalf of the contractor.  Descriptive literature for facility must also be included in proposal/bid package.   The VA Medical Center (VAMC), Minneapolis, Minnesota, has identified a need for lodging, meals, rehearsal sites, theater site, and art show/workshops sites in the Minneapolis, MN area for the 2002 Nation Veterans Creative Arts Festival. Requirements: 1. Theater:  A theater facility which possesses the following features: good acoustical qualities, stage curtains, handicapped accessible dressing and waiting rooms, handicapped accessible audience areas, seating capacity for approximately 1,000, flexible sound system, professional lighting system, proficient stage crew, nearby area (such as a lobby) large enough to display visual art. 2. Rehearsal Areas:  Rehearsals during the week at the lodging facility.   Large rooms and smaller rooms as defined in the Agenda.  Alternate areas could include the performance site.  Rehearsals at the performance site are necessary the three days before the show to orient participants and staff to the theater, and allow the technical crew the opportunity to review their procedures. 3. Lodging:  The lodging facility must be a reasonable distance, not greater than 1 hour travel time from the airport and within 2 miles of rehearsal and theater space for daily rehearsals and meals. 4. Alternate Activities:  Activity options facilities for recreation,  relaxation and opportunities for sight seeing within a reasonable distance. 5. Transportation:  Availability of transportation sources , cost effective rentals and accommodations for  wheelchair participants/staff. 5. Meals:  Breakfasts served at the lodging facility.   Lunches served at the rehearsal area or at certain events occurring at visual art displays or workshops.  Evening meals to be in the vicinity of the rehearsal area due to the necessity of having rehearsals or meetings on many of the evenings.   It is required that a variety of foods be offered throughout the Festival week, as several participants will have special dietary needs.  Menus should be planned with consideration of diabetics, vegetarians, and weight conscious individuals.   Healthy snacks such as breads, fruits, vegetables, cheese trays, sugar free candies, bottled water and diet soft drinks are good options to have on hand in the Hospitality Area near the rehearsal and workshop sites. Dates:  October 20-28, 2002 Number of guest rooms needed: Date			#rooms 10/20*		30 10/21* **		160 10/22* **		160 10/23* **		160 10/24* **		190 10/25
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/VA/MiVAMC618/MiVAMC618/618-90-02/listing.html
<DESC>RFQ 618-90-02
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>59
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting), 3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A, Tinker AFB, OK, 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>59 -- SOLE SOURCE - Reactor Transformer
<SOLNBR>F34601-02-Q-24009
<RESPDATE>122101
<ARCHDATE>01052002
<CONTACT>Mark Sims, Contract Negotiator, Phone 405-739-7779, Fax 405-739-3462, Email mark.sims@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>Item:  0001
Noun: Reactor Transformer
NSN:5950-01-275-0862IM
P/N:230030-1
Appl to:AN/MPN-14K Radar System
Qty: 5 ea
Description:12 thread stud, 1 coil and 1 transform electrical all components all winds fully inclosed.  Length is 11.120", Height is 6.430", Width is 4.840". Not DX rated.
Sole Source:SORA POWER INC (13058), Riverside CA 92503
            ITT Gilfillan/ITT Industries Inc. (24930), Van Nuys CA 91406
Destination: FB2039 OC-ALC, Tinker AFB OK 73145-9013
Required Delivery Date: March 31, 2001
Note:  Faxed solicitation requests can be submitted to the buyer, Mark Sims, Tinker AFB, (405) 739-3462.
The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302.  Interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals.  This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals.  However, all proposals received within 30 days after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government.  A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government.  Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.  Award will be made only if the offeror, the product/service, or the manufacturer meets qualification requirements at the time of award in accordance with FAR clause 52.209-1.  The solicitation identifies the office where additional information can be obtained concerning qualification requirements as cited in each individual solicitation.  It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contact with the firms listed.
Specifications, plans or drawings relating to the procurement described are incomplete or not available and cannot be furnished by the Government.
Based on market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services.  However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government?s requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice.

<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/F34601-02-Q-24009/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Air Force Materiel Command
<LOCATION>OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting)
<ZIP>73145-3015
<CLASSCOD>66
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, OC-ALC  -  (Central Contracting), 3001 Staff Drive, Ste 1AG76A, Tinker AFB, OK, 73145-3015
<SUBJECT>66 -- Engine Ration Indicator
<SOLNBR>F34601-02-Q-45302
<RESPDATE>110501
<ARCHDATE>11202001
<CONTACT>Rose Akeroyd, Buyer, Phone 405 739-5527, Email rose.akeroyd@tinker.af.mil - Joe Clay, Contracting Officer, Phone 405-739-4212, Fax 405-739-4350, Email joe.clay@tinker.af.mil
<DESC>This acquisition does not require a synopsis.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/USAF/AFMC/OCALCCC/F34601-02-Q-45302/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of Veterans' Affairs
<OFFICE>Bay Pines VAMC
<LOCATION>Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center
<ZIP>33744
<CLASSCOD>S
<OFFADD>Attn: Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, (90G), Acquisition & Materiel Management Service, Bay Pines, Florida 33744
<SUBJECT>S -- Janitorial Services
<SOLNBR>516-026-02
<RESPDATE>112901
<ARCHDATE>12292001
<CONTACT>Point of Contact - Danita Autenrieth, Contract Specialist, (727) 398-9429, Contracting Officer - Danita Autenrieth, Contract Specialist, (727) 398-9429
<DESC>Provide all labor, supervision, management, management support, transportation, equipment, tools and materials, except Government furnished space and utilities necessary to provide cleaning services for the North Pinellas County Community Based Outpatient Clinic, 1721 Main Street, Dunedin, Florida.  Contract period will be from the date of award to September 30, 2002, with the Government having the option to extend the contract for four (4) additional years.  Hard copy solicitations will not be made available.  Contractors may obtain a copy of the solocitation at the following URL: http://www.bos.oamm.va.gov  Contractors are advised that they are responsible for obtaining amendments.  All offers must be returned to the address located in block 15 of Standard Form 1449. This solicitation is being issued as a Commercial Item Acquisition in accordance with FAR Part 12.  NAICS (North American Industry Classification System) code 561720 applies.  This is a 100% total small business set aside.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/VA/BPVAMC/VAMCCO80220/516-026-02/listing.html
<DESC>IFB 516-026-02
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>National Aeronautics and Space Administration
<OFFICE>George C. Marshall Space Flight Center
<LOCATION>Procurement Office
<ZIP>35812
<CLASSCOD>D
<OFFADD>Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC), P.O. Box 240005, Huntsville, AL 35824-6405
<SUBJECT>D--AUDIO/VIDEO EQUIPMENT
<SOLNBR>CSC10022061
<RESPDATE>111901
<ARCHDATE>11052002
<CONTACT>Billy T. Sexton, C.S.C. Procurement, Phone (256) 544-2689, Fax (256) 544-5828, Email Billy.T.Sexton@msfc.nasa.gov
<DESC>Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) intends to acquire a In View Credenza, AMX Control System Equipment, Sony TU 1041 Stereo Tuner, Sony VPL PX 31 LCD Projector, Sony Ceiling Mounts, Premier Suspension Adapter Kit, Extron Crosspoint 84HVA, and other specialized equipment, on a Sole Make or Model basis, per the attached RFQ. This procurement is being conducted under the Simplified Acquisition Procedures (SAP). This announcement consitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested per attached WORD 7.0 File, includes description with CSC Terms and Conditions and Representations and Certifications.  Interested Vendors have fifteen (15) days from publication of this Synopsis/RFQ to submit their quote to the undersigned at the Internet Address or Fax Number listed below. All attached paper work is considered part of the RFQ. The Representations and Certifications must be completed and returned with your quote. It is the offeror's responsibility to monitor this site for release of solicitation amendments (if any). Responses received without the required information will be considered nonresponsive to the Synopsis. A determination by CSC to not award this proposed effort on a full and open competitive basis based on responses to this notice is solely within the descretion of CSC. Oral Communications are not acceptable in response to this Synopsis/RFQ.      
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/NASA/GMSFC/POVA/CSC10022061/listing.html
<DESC>Click here for the latest information about this notice
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of the Navy
<OFFICE>Naval Facilities Engineering Command
<LOCATION>Engineering Field Division, Pacific, ROICC Pearl Harbor
<ZIP>96818-3296
<CLASSCOD>Z
<OFFADD>Department of the Navy, Naval Facilities Engineering Command, Engineering Field Division, Pacific, ROICC Pearl Harbor, 4262 Radford Drive, Honolulu, HI, 96818-3296
<SUBJECT>Z -- Indefinite Quantity Contract for Exterior Security Lighting at Various Locations, Oahu, Hawaii
<SOLNBR>N62742-02-R-2201
<RESPDATE>120301
<ARCHDATE>null
<CONTACT>Gail Tazawa, Contracting Officer , Phone (808) 471-1559, Fax (808) 474-3387, Email tazawaga@pwcpearl.navy.mil - Christine Asuka, Contracting Officer, Phone (808) 474-3382, Fax (808) 474-3387, Email asukace@pwcpearl.navy.mil
<DESC>Indefinite Quantity Contract for Exterior Security Lighting at Various Locations on Oahu, Hawaii.  The work includes, but is not limited to, providing labor, transportation, equipment, materials, supplies, and supervision to perform exterior lighting and incidental related work for Navy and Marine Corps installations or separate activities, and designated restricted areas.  The NAICS Code for this procurement is 23531 (previously SIC Code 1731) and the annual size standard is $11.5 million.  Estimated cost:  $1,000,000 to $5,000,000.  The contract term will be a base period of one year plus four option years.  The total term of the contract, including all options, will not exceed 60 months.  The Government will not synopsize the options when exercised.  This is a new procurement.  It does not replace an existing contract.  No information exists on prior contracts.  Offerors can view and/or download the solicitation at http://esol.navfac.navy.mil/ when it becomes available.  The proposed contract is limited to qualifying 8(a) firms in the Honolulu District of the Small Business Administration.  The Government will not consider offers from other than 8(a) firms or from 8(a) firms outside of the Honolulu District.  The solicitation utilizes source selection procedures which require offerors to submit past performance and experience information, and price proposal for evaluation by the Government.  The proposal receipt date is approximate.

<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/USN/NAVFAC/N62742PH/N62742-02-R-2201/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of Health and Human Services
<OFFICE>National Institutes of Health
<LOCATION>Office of Administration
<ZIP>20892-7663
<CLASSCOD>T
<OFFADD>Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health, Office of Administration, 6011 Executive Blvd, Rm 538, Rockville, MD, 20892-7663
<SUBJECT>T -- Printing job:  Reduce the Risk of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome Fact Sheet/Outreach Parent Brochure, English Version, Reprint 11/01
<SOLNBR>263-02-Q(GV)-0007
<RESPDATE>110901
<ARCHDATE>11242001
<CONTACT>Carol Kaplowitz, Purchasing Agent, Phone 301-402-3340, Fax 301-402-7494, Email kaplowitz@od.nih.gov - Carol Kaplowitz, Purchasing Agent, Phone 301-402-3340, Fax 301-402-7494, Email kaplowitz@od.nih.gov
<DESC>Printing of 500,000 brochures as outlined in the Printing Specifications.  ALL PRINTERS MUST BE REGISTERED WITH GPO/WASHINGTON, DC OR WITH THE NIH PRINTING SECTION, BETHESDA, MARYLAND AND BE RATED QUALITY LEVEL II BEFORE BIDS WILL BE ACCEPTED.  Please call 301-402-3340 or fax 301-402-7494 for a copy of the printing specifications.
<LINK>
<URL>http://www.eps.gov/spg/HHS/NIH/OoA/263-02-Q(GV)-0007/listing.html
<DESC>null
</PRESOL>


<PRESOL>
<DATE>1105
<YEAR>01
<AGENCY>Department of the Air Force
<OFFICE>Direct Reporting Units
<LOCATION>10 ABW/LGC
<ZIP>80840-2315
<CLASSCOD>84
<OFFADD>Department of the Air Force, Direct Reporting Units, 10 ABW/LGC, 8110 Industrial Drive Suite 200, USAF Academy, CO, 80840-2315
<SUBJECT>84 -- Cadet Prop & Wing Insignia
<SOLNBR>F05611-02-T-0008
<RESPDATE>111501
<ARCHDATE>11302001
<CONTACT>Mike Slocum, Contract Specialist, Phone (719)333-6081, Fax (719)333-4404, Email michael.slocum@usafa.af.mil
<DESC> This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice.  This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued.  This solicitation is issued as a Request For Quote (RFQ), solicitation number F05611-02-T-0008, in accordance with FAR Parts 12 & 13.  This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are