---
layout: default
title: F103--New Base + 4 Service Agreement for SPS RO_DI Water System Sources Sought
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 38610f485e2a496f91182f638393940a
---

# F103--New Base + 4 Service Agreement for SPS RO_DI Water System Sources Sought

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-04 13:06:33.543-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0345
- Awardee: null

## Summary

STATEMENT OF WORK PART A GENERAL INFORMATION A.1 INTRODUCTION The VAMC located at 1540 Spring Valley Drive, Huntington WV, 25704 has a requirement for a 1-year contract to perform preventative maintenance on the Reverse Osmosis/Deionizing System in Sterile Processing. A.2 BACKGROUND The VAMC has a need to have this work performed so this machine continues to perform properly and ensure bacteria does not grow within the system. A.3 SCOPE OF WORK Vendor will provide all parts, labor, equipment, material, and supervision to perform the work as listed below. STATEMENT OF WORK PART B WORK REQUIREMENTS B.1 Tasks to be accomplished: Perform Monthly Perform Preventive Maintenance Procedure (includes items such as checking system flow, chemistry, and pressure checks, maintaining the anti-scalant pump and solution tank, and updating the information tags with the most recent dates) Replace ChlorPlus Carbon Filter Cartridge, 1 Micron, 2-1/2" x 20" DOE (For Chloramines) install (2) monthly. Replace Filter Cartridge, 50 Micron prefilter/5 micro post filter (nominal), 4-1/2" x 20", Depth, Qty. 1(1) per month. Perform Quarterly DI Regeneration Certificate, Ultra Pure, 1/2 cu. ft. Replace (2) quarterly. Perform Annually Replace Filter Cartridges, Absolute Endotoxin, 0.2 Micron, 2-1/2" x 20", 222, Pall, total Quantity of 4 filters. Replace ultraviolet unit bulb (VIQUA Model#VP600M), Quantity 1 bulb. Replace Peracidin Disinfectant Concentrate, (4) 1 qt. Containers. Provide Residual Chlorine Test Strips, (6) Bottles of 100 Provide Renal Check, Residual Peroxide Test Strips (Low Level), (6) Bottles of 100 During the contract, the contractor shall support/resolve all issues with the RO/DI system to ensure and maintain passing test results required by VA Sterile Processing Department. Additionally, any RO/DI system mechanical issues will require prompt assistance in triage so that the vendor can notify VA personnel if the issue is out of contract scope. If the issue is out of scope, VA will work to have a credit card order placed from the quote provided or submit for another contract to complete required services with COR oversight. STATEMENT OF WORK PART C SUPPORTING INFORMATION C.1 Place of Performance The VAMC located at 1540 Spring Valley Drive, Huntington WV 25704. C.2 Period of Performance May 12, 2026 May 11, 2026. C.3 Special Considerations C.3.1 Contractor Furnished Materials All labor, materials, equipment to perform the job. When furnish , provide , install , or similar term is used it shall mean a complete installation, ready for use. The vendor shall supply all parts, equipment, material, and labor to conduct work as listed in the Statement of Work above. The work will include all items as described in the Scope of Work listed above. C.3.2 Government Furnished Materials and Services. Government furnished property, if any, will be identified and will only be used for the performance of this contract unless otherwise authorized by the Contracting Officer. The Contractor shall, always, take any and all steps necessary for maintenance and preservation of all Government-furnished property. The Contractor shall comply with all reasonable requests of the Contracting Officer to enclose, or specifically protect, Government-furnished property. C.3.3 Qualifications of Key Personnel Contractor s employees should be knowledgeable of standards associated with this type of work. C.3.4 Supervision/Communications. At all times during the performance, the Contractor s Superintendent (if applicable) shall be available by cellular phone. Prior to beginning any work, the Contractor shall supply his/her telephone number. The Contractor s Competent Person that meets OSHA training guidelines, can make decisions and acting on behalf of the Contractor shall be physically always located on site during performance of the contract. If the Contractor s Competent Person is absent from the job site for an extended period, all Contractor/sub-contractor employees may be sent off the job. C.3.5 Security Requirements: Contractor shall identify which employees will be working under the awarded contract. Contractor personnel shall include employees, sub-contractors, subcontractor employees, suppliers and delivery personnel entering the Medical Center. This does not apply to suppliers and delivery personnel making deliveries to the VA warehouse dock only. Those employees shall bring photo ID to obtain a VA Contractor identification badge that shall be always worn above the belt while on Medical Center property. Contractor s employees shall return all I.D. badges to designated personnel at time designated in the task order. C.3.6 The Safety Manger is responsible for safety inspections of all contract operations. The Safety Manager will be identified in the task order by name, phone number and location. C.3.7 Drawings General. Contract drawings (if applicable) will indicate the extent and location of work. If any departure from the contract drawings are deemed necessary by the Contractor, the details of such departure and the reasons therefore shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer for approval as soon as practical. No such departure shall be made without proper written permission of the Contracting Officer. The Contractor is responsible for all information and requirements in drawings and specifications that pertain to the task order. C.3.8 Verification of Dimensions The Contractor shall visit the job site to thoroughly familiarize himself with all the details of the work and working conditions. The Contractor shall also verify all dimensions in the field and shall advise the Contracting Officer of any discrepancy before performing any work. The Contractor shall be specifically responsible for the coordination and proper relation of his work to the building, structure, phasing and ensure the safety of employees and workmen. C.3.19 Smoking Policy. We are a smoke free facility. C.3.10 Parking/Traffic Regulations. The Contractor shall not park on grassy areas. Drivers should be particularly concerned with pedestrian traffic. Yield to pedestrians in crosswalks. Posted speed limits and all other traffic controls are to be observed by operators at all times. Seat belt use is mandatory on the VA grounds.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: William Chris Galletta
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: william.galletta@va.gov
  - Phone: 410-637-1506

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/38610f485e2a496f91182f638393940a/view