---
layout: default
title: 333302-26-RF0010007 Install Emergency Generator at National Museum of American History (NMAH)
agency: SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: a4d21734ff6441dfbb3eaee6be68d69b
---

# 333302-26-RF0010007 Install Emergency Generator at National Museum of American History (NMAH)

- Agency: SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 07:51:08.808-04
- Solicitation Number: 333302-26RF-0010007

## Summary

The Smithsonian Institution (“Smithsonian”) is providing this Notice of a Pending Solicitation for the installation of emergency generator at National Museum of American History (NMAH) 1300 Constitution Ave NW, Washington, D.C., 20560. The applicable North American Industry Classification Codes (“NAICS”) are: 236220 - Commercial and Institutional Building Construction size standard is $45.0 million. 238210 – Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors size standard is $19.0 million. Construction Budget: Over $10M. Project Information: The purpose of the NMAH: Install Emergency Generator project is to replace an aging 300 kW diesel-fueled generator located on the museum’s lower level, which has exceeded its operational lifespan. This will be accomplished by furnishing and installing two (2) new 500kW natural gas-fueled generators, on the roof adjacent to the existing emergency generator. The project also includes all necessary work to support the installation, including routing a new natural gas line through the building, and performing all associated structural, mechanical, electrical, plumbing, security, hazardous material abatement, and architectural modifications required to ensure full functionality, seamless integration with existing systems, and future serviceability and maintenance. Specifically, work under this project includes but is not limited to: Install two (2) new natural gas powered 500kW generators with integral paralleling gear on a new rooftop structural steel platform. Convert existing collections storage space (Room 4606) to a new Emergency Electrical Room to contain a new switchboard, ATS’s, transformers and panelboards. Decommission and remove existing Diesel generator on lower level. Coordination between complex existing building which will remain fully operational and open to the public during the duration of the work and new electrical and gas service pathways throughout. Existing conditions documentation early in the construction phase for implementation into BIM models. Development of coordination and construction BIM models early in the construction phase that depict existing conditions and proposed service pathways to enable the short circuit Study. A short circuit study of the proposed project prior to equipment submittals. Protection of existing finishes in the areas of work. Subcontract with a qualified collections handler to relocate objects in the cabinets indicated in the logistics plan to storage location within the building. Collections handler and GC shall be insured and qualified to work in a collection’s environment. Relocation of collections storage equipment including shelves and cabinets. Installation of a new gas line throughout the building to the roof to serve the new generators, including a quality control in situ mock-up. Installation of new conduit, MI cabling, panelboards, and pull-boxes throughout the building. Removal of existing conduit, panelboards, and pull-boxes throughout the building. Working around existing IT/Fiber Optic within the 4th floor corridors to allow for new conduit installation. Two switchover events: One for existing temporary emergency power supplies and one for temporary to new emergency power supplies. Reinforcement of the existing structure to support the new generators. Removal of the existing diesel generator at the lower level. Testing for lead and asbestos on existing piping at new points of connection. Mechanical work in the lower level to provide new fuel oil pumps. Work within and adjacent to sensitive Collection Storage areas that will have access restrictions and will require security escort. Work within and adjacent to sensitive 5th floor spaces including the Library and the Director’s Suite. All work is within an operational Museum with both staff and the public present. Ceiling removals and installation on the 4th and 5th floors. Hot-work required to weld the gas and containment pipe sections, cutting of existing pipe, and heat producing hot applied roofing membrane. Erection of temporary construction safety barriers, dust and debris air filtration and localized welding fume extraction. Integration and coordination of new mechanical and generator control systems into existing Siemens BAS. Initial testing, commissioning and black start of new electrical emergency generator systems. The museum will be open to visitors, and area adjacent to the construction site may remain open to visitors and staff. Construction Schedule: Total period of performance allowed for construction is 669 calendar days from the Notice to Proceed. This notice does not oblige the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. TOUR OF THE SITE: The tour will be conducted on April 28, 2026. Offerors can contact Christine Grant at grantca@si.edu to schedule. QUESTIONS/ SUBMITTALS It is desired that all questions be sent in word format, sequentially numbered for example first questions 1, 2, 3, second set of questions 4, 5, 6, etc. to grantca@si.edu . It is requested that all questions be sent in by May 12, 2026 no later than 3PM ET. Proposals must be submitted via Dropbox June 16, 2026 no later than 3PM ET using the following link: https://www.dropbox.com/request/nYiuJ2GoTec73ZIPw6mV . Please upload two separate files, clearly labeled “Technical” and “Cost.” SUBCONTRACTING PLAN REQUIREMENTS: The successful Offeror submits with their proposal a Small Business Subcontracting Plan which will be evaluated for compliance with FAR 19.7. For the purposes of this project, the following goals are considered reasonable and achievable during the term of the contract: 40 % a minimum of the planned subcontracting dollars to be placed with small business concerns. (The following are subsets of the small business goal): 7 % a minimum of the planned subcontracting dollars to be placed with service-disabled Veteran owned small business (SDVSB) concerns

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Christine Grant
  - Email: grantCA@si.edu

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a4d21734ff6441dfbb3eaee6be68d69b/view)