---
layout: default
title: N063--Service Contract Emergency Code Calling System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 233b0edd75294eb5a83bf025c544d403
---

# N063--Service Contract Emergency Code Calling System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 17:44:23.97-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0605
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. It is neither a solicitation announcement nor a request for proposals or quotes and does not obligate the Government to award a contract. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. Responses to this source must be in writing. The purpose of this source sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses, Veteran Owned Small Businesses, 8(a), HubZone and other Small Businesses interested and capable of providing the services described below. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) company name (b) address (c) point of contact (d) phone, fax, and email (e) DUNS number (f) Cage Code (g) Tax ID Number (h) Type of small business, e.g. Services Disabled Veteran Owned small Business, Veteran-owned small business, 8(a), HUBZone, Women Owned Small Business, Small disadvantaged business, or Small Business HUBZone business and (i) must provide a capability statement that addresses the organizations qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the work described below. The Department of Veteran Affairs, San Diego VA Health Care System Requires a Life Safety Radio frequency System Design and Installation Important information: The Government is not obligated to, nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this source sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. The VA is mandated by Public Law 109-461 to consider a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business set aside. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open competition may be determined. No sub-contracting opportunity is anticipated. The North American Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 423690 Other Electronic Parts and Equipment Merchant Wholesalers: Notice to potential offerors: All offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov and complete Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA). Additionally, all Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Businesses or Veteran Owned Businesses who respond to a solicitation on this project must be registered with the SBA-Dynamic Small Business Search (DSBS) Registry located at https://dsbs.sba.gov. All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail to garrett.lyles@va.gov All information submissions to be marked Attn: Garrett Lyles, Contracting Officer and should be received no later than 1:00 pm MST on April 17, 2026. D.1 STATEMENT OF WORK CONTRACT TITLE: Life Safety Radio frequency System Design and Installation The VA San Diego has a requirement for the designing, planning, installing, and testing a fully standalone radio frequency broadcast system for hospital emergency code calling. The Vendor shall provide all labor, supervision, materials, parts, hardware, equipment, testing supplies and transportation required to design, install, and test a standalone radio frequency broadcast system for the main San Diego VA campus. SCHEDULE OF SERVICES: The intent of the Government is to award a Firm-Fixed Price contract for designing, planning, installing, and testing a fully standalone radio frequency broadcast system at the San Diego VA Main Campus Facilities LOCATION: (664) VA San Diego Healthcare System 3350 La Jolla Village Drive San Diego, CA 92161 ITEM # DESCRIPTION LOCATION 1 Providing design/planning workshops, implantation, install, configuration, facility acceptance testing, user acceptance testing, end user training, maintenance support and technical support for a fully functional standalone radio frequency broadcast system for hospital emergency code calling San Diego VA Main Campus: Buildings 1, 2, 9,11, 13, 14, 16, 18, 22, 23, 24, 25, 27, 29, 30, new SCI/CLC building, and all patient parking 2 Supply all equipment, hardware, and materials for a fully functional standalone radio frequency broadcast system for hospital emergency code calling San Diego VA Main Campus: Buildings 1, 2, 9,11, 13, 14, 16, 18, 22, 23, 24, 25, 27, 29, 30, 40 and new SCI/CLC building, and all patient parking DESCRIPTION/SPECIFICATIONS/STATEMENT OF WORK: The intent of this contract is to ensure that ALL Federal guidelines including but limited to FCC Part 15, National Codes (NRTL [UL] 1069; NTIA (Red Book), NFPA 72, 75, 99, 101 & the NEC); plus, Hospital Commissioning Guide The Commission. And the Telecommunications Infrastructure Plant requirements per VA General Council s Directive VAOPGCADV 20-96, 08-1996 are met to ensure a safe, reliable, and fully functional Emergency Code Calling radio-frequency broadcasting system. The goal of this project to design, implement, install, and certify a life safety telecommunication system throughout the entirety of the main San Diego VA campus located at 3350 La Jolla Village Drive San Diego, CA. This system needs to be self-sufficient and have Emergency Life Safety Branch power as well as normal power with built in UPS system redundancy in case of an emergency for a minimum of 30 minutes, i.e. facility power outage, network outages, environmental disaster(s), etc. The devices deployed on this system are used for Code Blue (Medical Emergency), Rapid Response Team Respiratory (RRT), and Code Green (Mental Health Emergency) notifications. The vendor must provide a fully independent solution that does not utilize the VA local area network (LAN), VA wide area network (WAN), phone system, or services provided by any commercial landline or cellular service provider such as AT&T, Cox, Verizon, etc. The vendor must be able to properly examine our campus current infrastructure and provide a detailed plan for designing and implementing a system that will cover the entirety of the campus and function on a radio frequency of 413 MHz. This project will include but not be limited to the following milestones: Part 1: Preparation of detailed design schematics and engineering review documents of system implementation throughout the campus. Part 2: A laid out plan for system and hardware implementation in all buildings including buildings that contain asbestos. Part 3: Concurrent system testing during installation to determine and eliminate any critical dead zones for the radiofrequency telecommunication system. Part 4: Radio frequency system transmitting and receiving device install, testing and user training. Part 5: System acceptance testing with end users. NOTE: See below for more details of each milestone listed above SYSTEM DESIGN REQUIREMENTS: The Emergency Life safety radio frequency system design must meet at a minimum the following requirements: Design shall consist of a thorough review of facility drawings, field investigations to determine actual conditions, and interviews with appropriate engineering and using service personnel (VA Design Team). Vendor will design placement of all equipment to include repeaters, antennae, paging terminals, transmitters, and distribution points in all campus buildings to ensure optimal coverage. NOTE: San Diego VA is only authorized two (2) Radio Frequencies at 413MHZ. system design must comply with set frequency. NOTE: All system comments must be power and hardwired using Emergency Life safety Power Sources. Vendor must identify potential dead zones and present findings to appropriate VA personnel for review and solution for addressing system dead zone. Below is a list of critical areas this system must transmit to: San Diego VA Main Campus: Buildings, including all floors, stairwells, and elevators, 1, 2, 9,11, 13, 14, 16, 18, 22, 23, 24, 25, 27, 29, 30, 40, new SCI/CLC building, and all patient parking. Vendor must provide a system topology diagram that includes all infrastructure/hardware, locations of where hardware will be placed, cabling used, and any other critical components of the system design. The vendor must validate and verify that their proposed solution meets the following federal and compliance guidelines. FCC Part 15 National Codes (NRTL [UL] 1069; NTIA (Red Book) NFPA 72, 75, 99, 101 & the NEC Hospital Commissioning Guide The Commission. The Telecommunications Infrastructure Plant requirements per VA General Council s Directive VAOPGCADV 20-96, 08-1996 Vendor must develop the implementation timeline and roadmap including realistic setbacks. Vendor and VA Personnel must develop the Acceptance Testing Procedures (ATP) jointly. Vendor must have final system design reviewed, accepted, and signed off on prior to moving forward with the rest of the project. SYSTEM HARDWARE, EQUIPMENT AND SUPPLIES The Emergency Life safety radio frequency system must be provided by the vendor including but not limited to: Main Radio Terminal(s) and associated approved software. Backup Radio Terminal(s) and associated approved software. Encoder(s) Main Transmitter(s) Backup Transmitter(s) Main antenna(i) for receiving and transmitting signals. Backup antenna(i) for receiving and transmitting signals. All conduit, cabling and supplies needed to install and connect components throughout campus must be provided by the vendor. HEPA carts for interstitial access into asbestos areas must be provided by the vendor. Radio Frequency Transmitting devices that comply with the following: Must not be connected to the VA LAN or WAN networks. Capable of operating on a radio frequency of at least 413 MHz Option to have Voice to Text for dispatchers. Configuration abilities to include sending notification to multiple predefined groups of responders. Radio Frequency Receiving devices that comply with the following: Legible alphanumeric text with appropriate size font. Ability to vibrate and/or produce a sound when message is received. Back light. Clip on holster. Only have one-way communication capabilities. Dimensions no larger than standard mobile radio. Ability to have message recall and storage capacity of 20-100 messages. Replaceable batteries as main mode of charging, lithium backup battery & memory retention during battery replacement. At least 30 devices will be provided. Allow for a limit of 50- 65 characters. Vendor must provide end users with multiple solutions for both Radio frequency transmitting and receiving devices to ensure proper functionality for overall life safety radio frequency broadcasting system. Vendor must supply and install additional life safety power for system. The Vendor shall furnish replacement parts meeting or exceeding the original equipment manufacturer specifications. Replaced parts are to be disposed of by the Vendor after obtaining approval from the COR. The Vendor is required to have a sufficient supply in stock or be able to obtain all parts required for work under this contract. The Vendor shall have complete service documentation, including necessary manuals and schematics. Unserviceable parts will be replaced by the Vendor on an exchange basis within eight (8) working hours, labor to install replacement part are included. SYSTEM IMPLEMTATION AND INSTALLATION: Vendor must present asbestos certifications for all personnel involved with system physical install. Vendor must comply to all site rules and procedures regarding asbestos safety. All horizontal and vertical connections must be contained within a designated conduit separate from all existing cable runs and labeled for tracking purposes. Vendor must comply to original design plans. If any modifications are needed, COR must review and approve prior to moving forward. Vendor must regularly provide progress updates and status meetings with COR and appropriate VA staff to make sure all milestones and timeline deadlines are addressed. Vendor must connect all system hardware to hardwired Life safety power sources. Vendor must configure all devices per end user requirements. SYSTEM ACCEPTANCE TESTING: Upon completion of installation of this life safety system per building, Vendor must conduct multiple tests with all components of the system to ensure all end user requirements are met. Vendor must also test backup hardware to ensure redundancy for the system. Vendor must get VA sign off on completed acceptance testing procedures. VENDOR PROVIDED SERVICES AND TRAINING: The maintenance support shall include critical hardware and software upgrades within one business day of release, non-critical hardware and software upgrades within one month of release. In addition, the Vendor shall ensure system documentation is current, provide on-site visits to ensure the proper operation of the components, training, and system performance. The Vendor shall also provide technical support for emergency troubleshooting as required, and extra pager programmers, tools (ex. tools for antennae repair/troubleshooting) and other components, as required, to keep these paging systems operating properly. The Vendor shall provide 24/7 telephone technical support, immediate replacement of defective on-site Vendor hardware and software components, and replacement, within four hours of defective VA facility hardware and software components. The Vendor shall provide Onsite or Virtual Training of key personnel at VA San Diego. The Contractor shall warranty that all provided material and equipment will be free from defects, workmanship and will remain so for a period of one year from date of final acceptance of the System by the VA. A one-year service contract to provide initial programming, training, and technical support must be included. SERVICE CALLS: Service also includes all necessary intervening service calls required to repair a system component or device. Intervening services will be rendered as directed by the COR. TEST EQUIPMENT: The VA shall not furnish parts and/or test equipment for the performance of this contract. It is the responsibility of the Vendor to bring the appropriate equipment and/or supplies necessary to complete the work as required within. REMOVAL OF EQUIPMENT: Government property shall not be removed from the station without a signed property pass. This property pass may be obtained after the removal is authorized by the Contracting Officer or COR. If sensitive data is stored on the device, the Facility Information Security Officer must be involved and should approve the process of removing equipment from the government site. Equipment shall not be removed by the Vendor from the government site for minor repairs. The Vendor assumes full responsibility for the equipment while it is off-site or in transit. BADGES AND PARKING: All Vendor personnel are required to wear I.D. badges during the entire time he/she is on Government property. I.D. badges must have an identification picture and shall state the name of the individual and the company he/she represents. It is the responsibility of the Vendor s personnel to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. Parking information is available from VASDHS Police Service. VASDHS will not validate or make reimbursement for parking violations of the Vendor s personnel under any circumstance. REPORTING: (During Normal Working Hours); For any repairs or service that will be performed during the normal working hours of 8:00 a.m. through 5:00 p.m., Monday- Friday the Vendor shall check-in with the Police Service and with the COR before proceeding to the job site. Vendor shall also check-out with the COR and Police Service before leaving the job site. REPORTING: (During Other than Normal Working Hours). On-site services shall be performed during normal working hours (8:00AM 5:00PM, Monday Friday) only. A separate, pre-authorized Purchase Order will be required for on-site services performed during other than normal working hours. AUTHORIZED SERVICES: Only those services specified herein are authorized under this contract. Before performing any service or repairs of a non-contract nature, the COR or Contracting Officer must be advised of the reasons for this additional work. If appropriate, the Contracting Officer or his/her designee may authorize the additional services or repairs under a separate purchase authorization. The Vendor is cautioned that only the Contracting Officer may authorize additional services or repairs and that reimbursement will not be made unless this prior authorization is obtained. GOVERNMENT HOLIDAYS: The Vendor is not required to provide service on the following National holidays, nor shall the Vendor be paid for these holidays. The following are national holidays observed by the Federal Government: New Year s Day 1 January Martin Luther King s Birthday Third Monday in January President s Day Third Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth 19 June Independence Day 4 July Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in October Veterans Day 11 November Thanksgiving Day 4th Thursday in November Christmas Day 25 December If a holiday falls on Sunday, the following Monday shall be observed as the National Holiday. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday is observed as a National Holiday by U.S. Government agencies. Also included would be any day specifically declared by the President of the United States. INVOICE AND PAYMENT: Contractor shall submit monthly invoices in the arrears electronically via the Tungsten-Network System at the end of each month, for payment in that billing period. Contractor shall submit original invoice electronically to: Â Department of Veterans Affairs Financial Services Center http://www.tungsten-network.com (Toll-free telephone number: (877) 489-6135) Â Payment shall be made monthly in the arrears upon receipt of properly prepared invoice. The invoice MUST be itemized to include the following information. Any information listed below that is not provided on an invoice, will render that invoice incomplete and the invoice will be returned for immediate correction. Â a. Dates of service b. Description of services. c. Invoice number, date. d. Contract number. e. Obligation number Â Failure to comply with the above shall delay payment to the Contractor. D.2 WAGE DETERMINATION https://sam.gov/wage-determination/2015-5635/29

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Garrett Lyles
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: garrett.lyles@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/233b0edd75294eb5a83bf025c544d403/view)