---
layout: default
title: Lake Creek Levee Repair
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 634fbe0d52ee4a8abb8e8b0cba7d0847
---

# Lake Creek Levee Repair

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-20 17:07:33.347-04
- Solicitation Number: W912EF26RSS18

## Summary

1. BACKGROUND This sources-sought announcement is a tool to identify businesses with the capability to accomplish the work. This is not a solicitation. This notice neither constitutes a Request for Proposal, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach. It should not be construed as a commitment by the Government for any purpose. Responses to this Sources Sought notice will be used for market research purposes by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. Therefore, no contract award will result from this Sources Sought Notice. The United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Walla Walla District, is seeking interested business sources for a levee rehabilitation construction project entitled: Lake Creek Levee Repair. This levee segment is part of a larger levee system on the Kootenai River located near the Town of Troy in Lincoln County, Montana, and can be seen in the National Levee Database website: https://levees.sec.usace.army.mil/levees/5505000325.This will be a firm fixed price construction contract. North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this project is 237990 - Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction. The associated small business size is $45 million. Performance and Payment Bonds will be required. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice should include the following information: A list of current or past projects demonstrating technical experience with work of a similar nature to that listed in the Summary Scope of Work. For each project submitted, provide a brief narrative statement of the work involved, your firm's role in the project, performance period, the dollar value and the completion date. Include a statement detailing any special qualifications and certifications, applicable to the scope of this project, held by your firm and/or in-house personnel. If any of the experience is that of a subcontractor, please specify that information in your response. A reference list for each of the projects submitted in A) above. Include the name, title, phone number and email address for each reference. Provide a statement of your firm's business size (Large, HUBZone, Service Disabled Veteran Owned, 8(a), small disadvantaged, or woman-owned) with regards to the NAICS code listed above. Provide the percentage of work you (as the prime) intend to perform. If you intend to subcontract a major portion of the work (defined as at least 20% of the work), please include this information in your response. Provide a statement that your firm intends to submit a bid on the project when it is advertised. Provide a statement of your firm's bonding capacity. A statement from your surety is not required. CAGE Code and SAM.GOV Unique Entity ID. Companies or individuals interested in responding are invited to submit their information via email ONLY to Nathan Bruce at: nathan.i.bruce@usace.army.mil. All attachments must be provided in either Microsoft Word or Adobe Acrobat PDF format. Responses should be received by 2:00 p.m. PDT, 06 April 2026. PLEASE REFERENCE "SOURCES SOUGHT: Lake Creek Levee Repair" IN THE SUBJECT LINE. Respondents will not be contacted regarding their submission or information gathered as a result of this sources sought notice. All responsible sources may respond to this notice and all responses will be considered. Telephonic responses will not be honored. 2. SUMMARY SCOPE OF WORK The levee is located on the right bank of Keeler Creek, Lincoln County, Montana, near the town of Troy. The levee structure itself was basically completely destroyed by the flood event. Keeler Creek eroded the bridge approach and the levee embankment. USACE deployed a flood team to the location, and they were able to construct a levee prism both upstream and downstream of the bridge remnants. The riverward slope of the flood fight is armored by large rock. The County has plans to rebuild the bridge approach and will re-evaluate the levee construction and tie-in. The flood fight levee section is adequate for the majority of the length with a large top width, drivable surface. The levee embankment is large rock and gravels and is a single segment system. Length of repair was estimated at 400 feet. This levee protects residential homes and public infrastructure. USACE expects to award a single contract in June 2026 with an expected in-water work window between mid-July and mid-October 2026. All on-site work shall be performed in accordance with the USACE Safety and Health Requirements Manual (EM 385-1-1). The Contractor will be responsible for establishing and managing an effective on-site Safety and Health program in accordance with EM 385-1-1 that will require the development and submission of a comprehensive project specific Accident Prevention Plan for Government acceptance. In addition, the Contractor will be required to develop and submit for Government acceptance an Activity Hazard Analyses, for each phase of work that complies with EM 385-1-1. A Site Safety and Health Officer (SSHO) employed by the prime contractor shall be required for each shift of the contractor's on-site operations. The SSHO shall possess a minimum of 3-years of experience in construction safety on similar projects and shall have completed the 30-Hour OSHA Construction Safety training within the last 5-years. A Certified Erosion and Sediment Control Lead employed by the prime contractor will choose and install erosion control materials for specific site conditions, as necessary. The Contractor will be required to use the Government-furnished Construction Contractor Module (referred to as QCS) of the Resident Management System (RMS) to record, maintain, and submit various information throughout the contract period. QCS is a Windows-based program that can be run on a stand-alone personal computer or on a network. The Government will make the QCS software available to the Contractor after contract award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nathan Bruce
  - Email: nathan.i.bruce@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 5095277224

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/634fbe0d52ee4a8abb8e8b0cba7d0847/view)