---
layout: default
title: Z--Crow Creek Substation Transformer Replacement
agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9d55d31939794b3ab1b0d93ddcfdcaa6
---

# Z--Crow Creek Substation Transformer Replacement

- Agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-10 13:34:33.32-04
- Solicitation Number: 140R6026R0011

## Summary

Sources Sought Announcement Crow Creek Substation Transformer Replacement, Canyon Ferry Unit, Pick-Sloan Missouri Basin Program, Montana THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL General Information Contract Opportunity Type: Sources Sought (Original) All Dates/Times are: (UTC-06:00) MOUNTAIN DAYLIGHT TIME, DENVER, USA Classification Responses Due: 4/27/2026, 3:00 PM MDT Product Service Code (PSC): Z2NZ, Repair or Alteration of Other Utilities North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code: 237130, Power and Communication Line and Related Structures Construction Description This is a Sources Sought announcement for Crow Creek Substation Transformer Replacement, Pick-Sloan Missouri Basin Program, Montana. This announcement is being used for market research and advanced planning purposes. Proposals are not requested and will not be accepted from this Sources Sought Notice. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS AND A CONTRACT WILL NOT BE AWARDED AS A RESULT OF THIS NOTICE. Work is located at Crow Creek Substation, located in the vicinity of Toston, Montana, off local irrigation district maintenance roads, south of US 287, in Broadwater County, approximately at Latitude: 46° 07'14.79" N, Longitude: 111°26'51.83"W. The substation provides service to Crow Creek Pumping Plant, located on the Missouri River, less than a mile from the substation. The pumping plant operates on a seasonal basis, however the substation is energized year-round providing station-service power to the plant in the off season. Seasonal operation is typically from May to October. The principal components of work that will be completed under this project include the following: 1) Manufacturing and factory testing one (1) step-down transformer. 2) Delivery to and placement of the transformer on existing foundation. 3) Erection of appurtenant equipment including bushings, arrestors, radiators, and filling of insulating oil. 4) Field testing, commissioning, and startup services. The requirement is to furnish and field test one (1) 2,500 kVA, 65-degree C rise, three-phase, fluid-filled, outdoor, step-down transformer. Low side to be connected in grounded wye and high side connected delta. Type & Class: Three-phase, sealed tan, outdoor, Class II step-down transformer: KY1A Capacity and Temp Rise: 2500 kVA, KNAN, 65 Degrees Celsius winding and liquid temperature rise Frequency: 60 Hertz High Side: 102 kV with 550kV BIL Low Side: 4.16 kV with 110kV BIL Impedance: 8.7% on a 2500 kVA base Tank Type: Sealed Winding: Copper Insulating Fluid: FR3 De-Energized High Tap Changer: +/- 5%, +/-10% Elevation: 4305 feet above sea level (1312 meters) Seismic Level: Moderate Delivery, placement, erection, and startup will occur over a single outage period after the existing transformer has been removed. Erection will include the placement and connection of bushings, arrestors, radiators, and anchoring. Outage will occur between October through April due to seasonal operation of the pumping plant the substation serves. The Government is seeking responses and capability statements from firms, of any size, who have the specialized knowledge, experience, and resources necessary to successfully complete a project of this size, scope, and complexity. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 237130, Power and Communication Line and Related Structures Construction, with a small business size standard of $45 million. The estimated magnitude for this project is between $1,000,000.00 and $5,000,000. If an interested firm believes it is qualified and capable of performing the work required under this project, please submit a capability statement demonstrating its ability to successfully accomplish the various components of work outlined above. Responses are requested with the following information: 1) Offerors name, address, UEI number, points of contact with telephone numbers and e-mail addresses. 2) Business size/classification to include any designations as Small Business, HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise or 8(a). 3) Description of capabilities to meet the requirement. Provide any examples of experience with transformers utilizing ester as the insulating fluid and their voltage levels (include all voltage levels). 4) Manufacturer and country of factory to manufacture the transformer. Please supply documentation of the country of manufacture of the transformer(s). 5) Estimated time of delivery from award of contract to delivery at substation. 6) Construction bonding levels, aggregate and per contract. 7) This project may be subject to Executive Order (E.O.) 14063, Use of Project Labor Agreements for Federal Construction Projects, provide examples of any successful implementation and use of a Project Labor Agreement. 8) For Other than Small Businesses (Large Businesses), the ability to meet the Bureau of Reclamations Small Business Subcontracting requirements. The Fiscal Year 2025 Small Business Subcontracting Goals are not yet available. For reference, the Fiscal Year 2025 Small Business Subcontracting Goals were as follows: SB: 45.87% SDB: 5.0% WOSB: 5.0% SDVOSB: 5.0% HUBZone: 3.0% ISBEE: 5.0% 9) If the potential offeror intends to utilize subcontractors for specific work activities, the subcontractor shall demonstrate the subcontractors experience with identified work activities on similar projects. The following information shall be provided for each project: 1) Name and location of project; 2) Description of work; 3) Whether the offeror was the prime contractor, what portion of the work was performed by the offeror, and what portion of the work was performed by subcontractors; 4) Original completion date and actual dates and duration for each project (including modifications); 5) Initial contract amount and final contract amount (including modifications); 6) Name, address, and phone number of CO/owner/COR/point-of-contact who may verify information for the project(s); and, 7) Any problems encountered in performance of the work and corrective actions taken. The Government will not reimburse any costs associated with responding to this Sources Sought Notice. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will not be bound to this information if a solicitation is issued. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract action, based on the responses to this notice, is at the discretion of the Government. Sources sought responses and capability statements shall be submitted to Sydney Oakes at sydney_oakes@ios.doi.gov and Charlene Maurer charlene_maurer@ios.doi.gov by 3:00 PM MDT on 4/27/2026. For record keeping purposes, telephonic inquiries will not be accepted. SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM) Effective October 2018, all contractors interested in doing business with the Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at the time they submit their offer. SAM registration and annual confirmation requirements must be accomplished through the SAM website at https://sam.gov/. For assistance with registering in SAM, contact the Federal Services Desk at 1-866-606-8220. Note: System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications¿Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Oakes, Sydney
  - Email: SKessel@usbr.gov
  - Phone: 4062333647

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9d55d31939794b3ab1b0d93ddcfdcaa6/view)