---
layout: default
title: Santa Margarita River Levee System Repair, Marine Corps Air Station Camp Pendleton, CA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 822da82047e743a8b7817c3aa41ae86b
---

# Santa Margarita River Levee System Repair, Marine Corps Air Station Camp Pendleton, CA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-06 18:15:18.315-04
- Solicitation Number: W912PL26S0005

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE: Santa Margarita River Levee System Erosion/Scour Protection Marine Corps Air Station Camp Pendleton, CA. This is a SOURCES SOUGHT announcement for market survey information only, it will be used by this agency for preliminary planning purposes. No contract will be awarded from this notice. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this notice or any follow up information requests. (Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation). The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to gain knowledge of the experience and qualification of the various members of the construction industry, including Large Business concerns, Small Business concerns, HUBZone, 8(a), Women-owned, Economically Disadvantage Women-owned, and Service-Disabled Veteran owned firms. The Government strives to ensure that there is adequate competition among the potential pool of available contractors. The type of set-aside decision will depend upon the public?s response to this notice. The Government is seeking to identify qualified sources either singularly or as part of an assembled team under North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 237990, Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction, which has a small business size standard of $36,500,000.00.Project Description: In accordance with FAR 36.204, and DFARS 236.204, the estimated construction price range for each project is between $100,000,000 and $250,000,000.00. The estimated total contract performance period is 1096 calendar days. Location of this work is Camp Pendleton, San Diego County, CAThe original levee was constructed in response to the 1993 flood that caused disastrous damages to infrastructure, aircraft, support equipment and suspended crucial national security Marine Corps aviation operations. The existing SMR Levee system was constructed between 1998 to 2001 as an emergency response after the 1998 flood event. Since construction completion of the levee system, maintenance of the levee and its appurtenances have been minimal. As a result, the waterside and some sections of the landside of the levee system exists with heavy vegetation and tree overgrowth that appears to impact the levee. The SMR levee system is approximately 3 miles long with 3 segments, i.e., West Segment, Air Station Segment, and East Segment, and two project features, i.e., Floodwall and the Pump Station. The SMR levee system was constructed with 1:1 (Horizontal: Vertical) gradient embankment slopes comprised of either all soil-cement or a combination of geogrid reinforced earth and a soil cement shell on the riverside of the levee and crown. The Flood Wall project feature is a reinforced-concrete cantilevered retaining wall, approximately 21 feet high, and approximately 0.5 miles long. At the riverside of the levee, a stone revetment was placed at the toe of the embankment and flood wall to protect against erosion and scour. At the landside of the embankment, a toe berm was constructed and a subdrain system was installed at the toe. The levee is owned, operated, and maintained by MCAS Camp Pendleton. Proposed anticipated repairs to the Santa Margarita River System include the following: a) A levee raise to increase height about 2.5-4.5 feet vertical in the levee profile downstream of the Basilone Bridge and at the East Levee segment with soils Cement, this includes a stability berm approximately 3 feet vertical by 10 feet along at the east levee for about ~1100 feet long. A borrow site is identified about a mile away for soils cement use. It is anticipated that approximate 50K cubic yards of materials will be used for soil cement and general fill materials. An onsite soils cement batch plant will be required. b) Installation of several relief wells on the Air Station Segment. c) Replace and install a new toe drain and or abandoned existing toe drain along the interior of the levee system. d) Construct a graded gravel filter ditch at the landside of the Air Station Segment and Floodwall. e) Scour and erosion mitigation measures for armoring the riverside of the entire levee system with Launch Stone with approximate 36-inch diameter graded stone. The launch stone would vary with approximately 5-8 feet high located at the riverside of the levee. f) The existing Floodwall Structural would be strengthened and improved by adding addition rebar and concrete. g) Existing cracks will be filled in with a cement grout mix with an expandable sealant to prevent future cracks. h) Project Maintenance Paths and Access. Several 10-12 feet wide maintenance paths and ramps will be constructed for access to the riverside and landside of the levee. i) A 15-foot-wide vegetation clearance pathway would be required from the proposed project features. j) Vegetation restoration within the temporary impact areas. k) NEPA and Environmental Compliance. l) Air Station Camp Pendleton Compliance and criteria. Prior Government contract work is not required for submitting a response to this sources sought notice. Interested firms should submit answers to the questions found attached to this sources sought notice located in the PIEE solicitation module. Submissions are requested no later than 1400 PDT, Friday April 10, 2026. The submission should address all questions in the sources sought questionnaire. All interested firms must be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for award of Government contracts. No hard copy or facsimile submissions will be accepted. Cover letters and extraneous materials (brochures, etc.) will not be considered. Questions concerning submissions should be directed to Mr. Michael Robinson, Contract Specialist at Michael.G.Robinson@usace.army.mil. Personal visits for the purpose of discussing this announcement will not be scheduled. Emails or phone calls requesting personal visits will not receive a reply. An Industry Day is scheduled for April 28th at Camp Pendleton, San Diego County, California. In addition to the information requested for the sources sought notice regarding past performance, interested parties who want to attend the industry day should include the full name, and Drivers License numbers of up to 4 people MAX per firm. This information must be provided with your submission so that the government has time to process each individual through Camp Pendletons security measures. Exact time and location will be provided at a later date.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Raj Cooper
  - Email: raj.cooper@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2134523168
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Michael G. Robinson
  - Email: michael.g.robinson@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2134523311

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/822da82047e743a8b7817c3aa41ae86b/view)