---
layout: default
title: Repair Replace Roof B11525, Roof B10571 and Roof B11551
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 6875ec42dd9c44e497d25a21b908fe0b
---

# Repair Replace Roof B11525, Roof B10571 and Roof B11551

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-03 18:00:55.129-04
- Solicitation Number: FXSB-26-6837

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT: THIS IS NOT A NOTICE OR REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL BUT FOR INFORMATIONAL AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY! This notice does not constitute a commitment by the Government. All information submitted in response to this announcement is voluntary and the Government will not pay for information requested nor will it compensate any respondent for any cost in developing information provided to the Government. If a solicitation is issued, it will be announced at a later date and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from responses to this announcement. This Sources Sought is only intended to identify potential sources for the purpose of market research. The draft Statement of Works (SOW) describes only the three currently contemplated scopes of potential requirements and may vary from the scope of the requirement in a final SOW included in any RFP. The Sources Sought number is FXSB 26-6837 and shall be used to reference any written responses to this Sources Sought. The additional two requirements FXSB 26-6670 and the third one FXSB 26-7337 are being added to this Sources Sought due to the similarity and magnitude. The anticipated North American Industry Classification Systems (NAICS) code is 238160, Roofing Contractors with a size standard for the proposed NAICS of $19M. Business Status: The Government is interested in all Small Businesses that are capable of meeting this requirement, including 8(a), HUBZone, SDVOSB, WOSB, VOSB, and general Small Businesses. REQUIREMENT: FXSB 26-6837 Repair Replace Hangar Roof B11525 Building 11525 is a one-story, 113,000 square feet (SF) building framed from steel and cast concrete (beams and columns with CMU infill). The building was originally constructed in the early 1940s and is a historic property. The high barrel roof section that’s approximately 200-ft (curved) by 280-ft, two low roof low sections that are approximately 35-ft by 280-ft each, and one low roof section that approximately 62 ft by 242 ft. This project will remove the existing built-up roof (BUR) from both barrel center section and the east side roof low section, down to the existing decking and replaced with new 3-ply SBS-Modified BUR roof assembly with granular cap sheet on the barrel roof section and the south lower roof low section shall be replaced with a new 90-mil Ethylene Propylene Diene Monomer (EPDM) roof assembly. All roofing assemblies shall be fully adhered. Replace existing roof drains, flashings, vent pipe flashing, cover board (as required), vapor barrier, cant strips, metal copings and trim with new. REQUIREMENT: FXSB 26-6670 Repair Replace Hangar 3 Roof B10571 Building 10571 is a one-story, 68,986 square feet (SF) building framed primarily out of steel and cast-in-place concrete. The building was originally constructed in the early 1940s and is a historic property eligible for listing on the National Register of Historic Places. The main open space is 200-ft by 229-ft with a high barrel roof section that’s approximately 50,000 SF. Additionally there are three (3) low slope roof lean-to sections. The North lean-to section is approximately 36-ft by 268-ft, with the South lean-to section at approximately 36-ft by 229-ft. The West lean-to section is approximately 36-ft by 180-ft. This Design-Build project will remove the existing built-up roof (BUR) from both barrel center section and the three (3) lower roof lean-to sections down to the existing structural decking. New 3-ply SBS-Modified BUR roof assembly with granular cap sheet on the barrel roof section shall be installed and the three (3) lower roof lean-to sections shall be replaced with new 90-mil Ethylene Propylene Diene Monomer (EPDM) roof assemblies. All roofing assemblies shall be fully adhered. Replace existing roof drains, flashings, vent pipe flashing, cover board, insulation, vapor barrier, cant strips, metal copings and trim with new. Refer to Government’s 35% Design Drawings for roof sections identified above in which work shall take place. *Note: The North lower lean-to roof work shall be completed first. Contractor’s phasing plan shall have this portion of the roof as the starting point with all other roof work proceeding outward and over the barrel to the south lower lean-to roof. All existing HVAC equipment shall be removed during demolition and re-installed to the same location during installation of the new roofing membrane/system. Existing equipment curbs shall be demoed and replaced with new equipment curbs. Location shall remain. Remove and demolish existing roof access hatches that shall be replaced with new. Roof access hatch curbs shall also be demoed and replaced with new curbs. Location shall remain. Contractor shall confirm phasing plan during the design phase of the project detail with the 673rd Project Manager and Inspector as design progresses. REQUIREMENT: FXSB 26-7337 Repair Replace Hangar 1 Roof B11551 The requirement package is still being generated; however, the magnitude and scope are similar to the above two referenced requirements. The Contractor shall furnish all design, parts, labor, equipment, supplies, materials, appliances, transportation, and perform all work (including work of an incidental nature), complete, in strict accordance with the scope of work, drawings and subject to the terms and conditions of the contract. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Firms responding to this Sources Sought notice are requested to provide a capability statement. At a minimum, the capability statement must include: Company Name Point of Contact Name Unique Entity Number (UEI) and CAGE Code Small Business socio-economic status under NAICS 238160 Brief descriptions of recent and relevant projects for tasks similar to those in the draft SOW with the associated agency’s name, contract number (if applicable), and agency point of contact If work was conducted under a teaming agreement, please annotate if work was performed as the prime or the subcontractor Capability statements must be submitted via e-mail to the POCs listed below no later than 1:00 PM Local Time on 10 April 26. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Name: Robin Cole-Barden Email: Robin.Cole-Barden.1@us.af.mil Name: Christopher Nelson Email: Christopher.Nelson.70@us.af.mil Future information about this acquisition, including issuance of a Request for Proposal or an Invitation for Bid, or applicable amendments, will be issued through SAM.gov. Interested parties are responsible for ensuring they have the most up-to-date information regarding this acquisition. All firms should be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) located at http://www.sam.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Robin Cole-Barden
  - Email: robin.cole-barden.1@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Christopher Nelson
  - Email: Christopher.nelson.70@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6875ec42dd9c44e497d25a21b908fe0b/view)