---
layout: default
title: L.S Starrett Gage Block Sets and Indicator Testers
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 2f627ee2e96142cbbf818fc5dd85a9fb
---

# L.S Starrett Gage Block Sets and Indicator Testers

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 14:27:32.222-04
- Solicitation Number: N68335-26-R-0481

## Summary

**The purpose of this amendment is to extend the response date to 4/30/2026 @ 4:00 P.M Est. and to update the requirement for CLIN 0002 to correct the part number and quantity as shown below. Combined Synopsis/Solicitation N6833526R0481 – L.S Starrett Gage Block Testers NAICS: 332216 – Saw Blade and Hand tool Manufacturing PSC: 5210 – Measuring Tools, Craftsmen’s ______________________________________________________________________________ 1. Description of Requirement The Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division (NAWCAD) Lakehurst has a requirement to procure the following L.S. Starrett Gage Block Sets: QTY 3 P/N AG16R (CLIN 0001, Each) QTY 6 P/N 716X (CLIN 0002, Each) QTY 7 P/N RC88AA (CLIN 0003, Each) QTY 7 P/N AC11A (CLIN 0004, Each) QTY 7 P/N SS28A1(CLIN 0005, Each) QTY 18 P/N SS88A1X (CLIN 0006, Each) QTY 13 P/N SS8A1X (CLIN 0007, Each) The Government intends to procure the above items under a brand-name, limited competition between L.S Starrett, (CAGE: 5N6V3) and their authorized distributors. This procurement is for Calibration standards that are used for calibration of CAT 2 support equipment including but not limited to feeler gages, thread plugs, calipers and micrometers which are used to directly test parameters of aircraft, all the equipment is required to be commercial off the shelf (COTS). The manufacturer shall provide the minimum commercial warranty for the calibration standard of at least one (1) calendar year from date of shipment. Each calibration standard shall have a sticker affixed to the outside of the unit enclosure. The Government intends to procure the above items under a total small business set aside through a Firm-Fixed Price Contract. Delivery shall be made to: NAVAIR Calibration Standards Attn: Dave Swiger (UIC N48535) BLDG 612, Bay 11 MCAS Beaufort, SC 29904 Phone: (843)524-1405 The required delivery date is no later than 180 days after contract award. Any delivery date proposed that is shorter than 180 days after contract award, will be considered eligible for award. Offerors to advise if the above delivery date is unreasonable. 2. Solicitation Instructions (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart

12.6 Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and FAR Part 13 Simplified Acquisition Procedures, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. (ii) This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) in accordance with FAR Part 12 & FAR Part 13 under combined synopsis/solicitation number N68335-26-R-0481. (iii) The solicitation documents and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-03. (iv) See above for the list of contract line-item numbers (CLIN), quantities and units of measure. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 332216. (v) The product service code is 5210. (vi) FOB point is Origin and Inspection and Acceptance terms shall be at Origin. Any applicable shipping costs will be covered by the Government via a Transportation Accounting Code (TAC) included on the resultant contract. Do not propose shipping charges. (vii) FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, is incorporated. Offerors shall certify that the quote will be valid for 90 days after submission. (viii) FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services is incorporated. (ix) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: 1. This requirement utilizes FAR

12.6 Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items. The Offerors will be required to provide all part numbers in accordance with the Descriptions and Part Numbers listed above of this solicitation. Each Offeror will either be Eligible or Ineligible for award. If an Offeror does not provide the entire list of equipment and is not an authorized distributor, the Offeror will be deemed Ineligible for award. 2. Award will be made to the lowest price responsible Offeror that is deemed Eligible for award. Eligibility shall be determined by the following: (1) Demonstration that the offeror is an authorized distributor of the identified brand name manufacturers. Acceptable demonstration is as follows: Prime level offerors shall provide written documentation from the OEM that their company or their subcontractor is authorized to distribute the required equipment. If the prime offeror's subcontractor is the authorized distributor, then the prime-level offeror shall include in the documentation a statement guaranteeing the Government will receive the same benefits when contracting with the prime as if the prime offeror was the authorized distributor; (2) Offeror provides an exact match of the part numbers listed above; AND (3) Price. 3. The total evaluated price will be the sum of all CLINs for each part number listed above. The proposed prices will be evaluated to determine if the Offeror’s prices are fair and reasonable. 4. Evaluation of each supplier’s past performance history in the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) for the PSC of the supplies being purchased. In the case of a supplier without a record of relevant past performance history in SPRS for the PSC of the supplies being purchased, the Offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably for its past performance history. SPRS assigns each contractor a color based on the high five percent in the commodity (Dark Blue), next 10 percent (Purple), next 70 percent (Green), next 10 percent (Yellow), and last five percent (Red). Past performance, ratings are as follows: Past Performance Acceptable/Unacceptable Ratings Rating Description Acceptable Offeror has a rating of Dark Blue, Purple, Green or Yellow in SPRS Unacceptable Offeror has a rating of Red in SPRS Neutral Offeror has no rating in SPRS 5. The Government intends to evaluate quotes and award the contract without discussions as described in FAR 52.212-1(g); and will evaluate each offer on the basis of the Offeror’s initial offer. Therefore, the initial offer shall contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest; accept other than the lowest offer; and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (x) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (DEVIATION 2025-O0003 and 2025-O0004) with its offer or a statement that its Representations and Certifications was completed in the System for Award Management (SAM). (xi) Additional provisions, clauses and requirements FAR 52.203-3 Gratuities FAR 52.203-12: Limitation on Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements—Representation FAR 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements FAR 52.204-7: System for Award Management FAR 52.204-10 Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards FAR 52.204-13: System for Award Management Maintenance FAR 52.204-16: Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting FAR 52.204-17 Ownership or Control of Offeror FAR 52.204-18 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance FAR 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications FAR 52.204-20 Predecessor of Offeror FAR 52.204-21: Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems FAR 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment FAR 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation FAR 52.204-29 Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders-Representation and Disclosures. FAR 52.204-91 - Contractor Identification FAR 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment FAR 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations FAR 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law FAR 52.211-6 Brand Name or Equal FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services FAR 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services FAR 52.219-28 Post-Award Small Business Program Representation (Deviation) FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor (Deviation) FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Deviation) FAR 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Deviation) FAR 52.222-50 Combatting Trafficking in Persons (Deviation) FAR 52.223-5: Pollution Prevention and Right-to-Know Information FAR 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services (DEVIATION 2025-O0004) FAR 52.225-18 Place of Manufacture FAR 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving FAR 52.227-1 Authorization and Consent FAR 52.227-2 Notice And Assistance Regarding Patent And Copyright Infringement and Certifications. FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management FAR 52.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors FAR 52.233-3 Protest after Award FAR 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim FAR 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications FAR 52.240-91: Security Prohibitions and Exclusions FAR52.240-93: Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems FAR 52.246-2 Inspection Of Supplies--Fixed Price FAR 52.247-29 F.O.B. Origin FAR 52.252-2: Clauses Incorporated By Reference FAR 52.252-5 Authorized Deviations In Provisions FAR 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations In Clause DFARS 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DFARS 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.204-7003 Control Of Government Personnel Work Product DFARS 252.204-7008: Compliance With Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls DFARS 252.204-7009 Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information DFARS 252.204-7012: Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting DFARS 252.204-7015 Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support DFARS 252.204-7016 Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services – Representation DFARS 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services – Representation DFARS 252.204-7018: Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or ServicesDFARS 252.204-7019 Notice of NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements DFARS 252.204-7020 NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements DFARS 252.204-7024 Notice on the use of the Supplier Performance Risk System DFARS 252.211-7003 Item Unique Identification and Valuation DFARS 252.211-7008 Use of Government-Assigned Serial Numbers DFARS 252.215-7008 Only One Offer DFARS 252.204-7024 Notice on the use of the Supplier Performance Risk System DFARS 252.215-7013 Supplies and Services Provided by Nontraditional Defense Contractors DFARS 252.217-7026 Identification of Sources of Supply DFARS 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium DFARS 252.225-7000 Buy American--Balance of Payments Program Certificate DFARS 252.225-7001 Buy American And Balance Of Payments Program—Basic DFARS 252.225-7002 Qualifying Country Sources As Subcontractors DFARS 252.225-7012 Preference For Certain Domestic Commodities DFARS 252.225-7013 Duty-Free Entry DARFS 252.225-7021 Trade Agreements—Basic DFARS 252.225-7048 Export-Controlled Items DFARS 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime DFARS 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime DFARS 252.225-7059 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region DFARS 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region DFARS 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DFARS 252.232-7006 Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions DFARS 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments DFARS 252.240-7998 Prohibition on the Procurement of Covered Semiconductor Products and Services from Companies Providing Covered Semiconductor Products and Services to Huawei—Representation DFARS 252.240-7999 Prohibition on the Procurement of Covered Semiconductor Products and Services from Companies Providing Covered Semiconductor Products and services to Huawei. DFARS 252.243-7001 Pricing of Contract Modifications DFARS 252.244-7000 Subcontracts for Commercial Products or Commercial Services DFARS 252.246-7007 Contractor Counterfeit Electronic Part Detection and Avoidance System DFARS 252.246-7008 Sources of Electronic Parts DFARS 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea—Basic Note: Please review the following Provision/Clause and provide acknowledgement and confirmation of understanding. This is a new requirement and is required to be documented prior to award: DFARS 252.240-7998 Prohibition on the Procurement of Covered Semiconductor Products and Services from Companies Providing Covered Semiconductor Products and Services to Huawei - Representation. (DEVIATION 2025-O0007) DFARS 252.240-7999 Prohibition on the Procurement of Covered Semiconductor Products and Services from Companies Providing Covered Semiconductor Products and Services to Huawei. (DEVIATION 2025-O0007)

3.0 PROPOSAL SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS Electronic copies of each volume shall be submitted via email to the points of contact listed for this notice. Proposals submitted by mail or hand-carried will not be evaluated. Proposals sent through proprietary or third-party File Transfer Protocol sites or DoD SAFE will not be retrieved. It is the responsibility of the Offeror to confirm receipt of proposals. All proposals received after the exact time specified for receipt shall be treated as late submissions and will not be considered except under facts and circumstances allowed by the FAR. It is advised that all potential prime Offerors ensure the proper company points of contact are registered in the site based on their CAGE codes and have the proper roles assigned well in advance of the solicitation closing date. Clearly mark all files with the solicitation and volume number. The submission date for all Volumes of the proposal shall be no later than the date and time specified in the solicitation. It is the Offeror’s responsibility to obtain written confirmation of receipt of all electronic files of the full proposal by the Contracting Office. The Government is not obligated to search for incorrectly submitted proposals in SAM.gov. In the event that SAM.gov is not operational, experiences technical difficulties, or a Contractor is temporarily unable to access or use the system, the Contractor shall immediately notify the Contracting Officer. This Notification must occur prior to the proposal submission deadline and shall be in writing. The Offeror shall obtain written approval from the Contracting Officer to submit the proposal via an alternate method. Offerors are responsible for ensuring electronic copies are virus-free and shall run an anti-virus scan before submission. Electronic copies of each volume shall be compatible with the following software products: Adobe Acrobat Reader 11 and Microsoft Office Suite 2016. Narrative portions of the proposal shall be in Adobe Acrobat portable document file (PDF) searchable text format. The Offeror shall not embed sound or video (e.g., MPEG) files into the proposal files. The Contractor shall submit all volumes of its proposal electronically to the Points of Contact listed below under the Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division, Solicitation Number N68335-26-R-0481. In order to compete for the requirement, a submission must be received by the date and time specified in solicitation

4.0 ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS Responses shall be submitted by 17 April 2025 at 4:00 PM to Mr. Justin Panecki, justin.p.panecki2.civ@us.navy.mil and Mr. Terrence Shearer, terrence.d.shearer.civ@us.navy.mil.Please ensure both Points of Contacts are included on any correspondence. All quotations/proposals shall meet all requirements as outlined in this combined synopsis/solicitation. Only electronic proposals will be accepted by the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Justin Panecki
  - Email: justin.p.panecki2.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7322281189
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Terrence Shearer
  - Email: terrence.d.shearer.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2f627ee2e96142cbbf818fc5dd85a9fb/view)