---
layout: default
title: Industry Day Aircraft Arresting System (AAS) and Re-Striping Homestead, ARB
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 31b60f2f19de47adb7e866295489152d
---

# Industry Day Aircraft Arresting System (AAS) and Re-Striping Homestead, ARB

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-23 13:37:12.72-04
- Solicitation Number: W912QR26Homestead

## Summary

Industry Day at Homestead Air Reserve Base, Florida - Thursday, May 14, 2026 *Revision 1 - 4/23/26 - Meeting Location has been updated to Building 360; the attachment has been updated as well. The Government is planning to issue a single construction contract solicitation to provide Homestead ARB with fully functional, state of the art aircraft arresting systems for the runway and runway rubber removal and restriping. Project will replace deteriorated BAK-12 shelters with new, frangible shelters. BAK-12 and fairlead beam foundations will be replaced. Tape tubes will be replaced. The emergency generators for the BAK-12s will also be replaced. Existing road surface from the taxiway to BAK-12 shelters will be paved. Existing BAK-14s will be demolished and new BAK-14M cable retraction systems will be installed at the BAK-12 locations. Foundations with anchors for the MB100.10.C bidirectional textile brake and hook cable arresting systems will be installed at the overruns. MB100.10.Cs will be installed. Work will include concrete tape sweeps and bypass pavement for the textile brake systems. All design, construction and AAS installation work will conform to the requirements of AFI32-1043, Managing, Operating and Maintaining Aircraft Arresting Systems, and applicable Technical Orders. Displaced thresholds, temporary marking and lighting are required when construction work is performed at each end of the runway. This is not a Request for Proposal, an Invitation to Bid, or a Request for Quotation. Therefore, this event is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to enter a contract nor will the Government pay for information provided to the Government in a response nor pay for administrative costs incurred attending the virtual Industry Day event. WHO SHOULD ATTEND: This event is open to large, small and socio-economic businesses who are registered in System for Award Management (SAM.gov) for the NAICS fields denoted below. NAICS CLASSIFICATION CODES: 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction MEETING DATE & TIME: Thursday, May 14, 2026, 10:00 a.m.–11:00 a.m. Eastern Time. *A site visit will follow the formal presentation. BASE ACCESS REQUEST: All contractors wishing to participate in person are required to complete a HARB Badge Request Form and submit to Ileana Burns via email at ileana.burns@usace.army.mil NLT 1:00 PM ET on 30 April 2026. The Badge request form is included as an attachment to this announcement. MEETING LOCATION: Homestead ARB is located at 29050 Coral Sea Blvd, Homestead, FL 33039. The event will be held in the Wing Conference Room located in Building 360; please allow sufficient time to get through the gate and to Building 360 by 10:00 AM local time. Virtual Meeting Link: https://dod.teams.microsoft.us/meet/993519687123?p=wrMkyMKZ4qgvbKtGWh Meeting ID: 993 519 687 123 Passcode: 6Pu9mL99 __________________________________________________________________________ Dial in by Phone: +1 503-207-9433 Phone conference ID: 392 463 783# __________________________________________________________________________ PARTICIPANT SIGN-IN: A copy of the sign-in sheet will be posted to this notice as an attachment within two business days of the event.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Lindsay Lawrence
  - Email: lindsay.b.lawrence@usace.army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: been updated as well. The Government is planning to issue a single construction contract solicitation to provide Homestead ARB with fully functional, state of the art aircraft arresting systems for the runway and runway rubber removal and restriping. Project will replace deteriorated BAK-12 shelters with new, frangible shelters. BAK-12 and fairlead beam foundations will be replaced. Tape tubes will be replaced. The emergency generators for the BAK-12s will also be replaced. Existing road surface from the taxiway to BAK-12 shelters will be paved. Existing BAK-14s will be demolished and new BAK-14M cable retraction systems will be installed at the BAK-12 locations. Foundations with anchors for the MB100.10.C bidirectional textile brake and hook cable arresting systems will be installed at the overruns. MB100.10.Cs will be installed. Work will include concrete tape sweeps and bypass pavement for the textile brake systems. All design, construction and AAS installation work will conform to the requirements of AFI32-1043, Managing, Operating and Maintaining Aircraft Arresting Systems, and applicable Technical Orders. Displaced thresholds, temporary marking and lighting are required when construction work is performed at each end of the runway. This is not a Request for Proposal, an Invitation to Bid, or a Request for Quotation. Therefore, this event is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to enter a contract nor will the Government pay for information provided to the Government in a response nor pay for administrative costs incurred attending the virtual Industry Day event. WHO SHOULD ATTEND: This event is open to large, small and socio-economic businesses who are registered in System for Award Management (SAM.gov) for the NAICS fields denoted below. NAICS CLASSIFICATION CODES: 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction MEETING DATE & TIME: Thursday, May 14, 2026, 10:00 a.m.–11:00 a.m. Eastern Time. *A site visit will follow the formal presentation. BASE ACCESS REQUEST: All contractors wishing to participate in person are required to complete a HARB Badge Request Form and submit to Ileana Burns via email at ileana.burns@usace.army.mil NLT 1:00 PM ET on 30 April 2026. The Badge request form is included as an attachment to this announcement. MEETING LOCATION: Homestead ARB is located at 29050 Coral Sea Blvd, Homestead, FL 33039. The event will be held in the Wing Conference Room located in Building 360; please allow sufficient time to get through the gate and to Building 360 by 10:00 AM local time. Virtual Meeting Link: https://dod.teams.microsoft.us/meet/993519687123?p=wrMkyMKZ4qgvbKtGWh Meeting ID: 993 519 687 123 Passcode: 6Pu9mL99 __________________________________________________________________________ Dial in by Phone: +1 503-207-9433 Phone conference ID: 392 463 783# __________________________________________________________________________ PARTICIPANT SIGN-IN: A copy of the sign-in sheet will be posted to this notice as an attachment within two business days of the event

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/31b60f2f19de47adb7e866295489152d/view)