---
layout: default
title: RFQ Misawa, Japan 30,000 USG JA1 (Jet Fuel without Additives), RDD April 20-21, 2026, Quotes due NLT Monday April 6, 2026 3PM Eastern
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 05ae4d4b01d64186aaaea7e802ecabd3
---

# RFQ Misawa, Japan 30,000 USG JA1 (Jet Fuel without Additives), RDD April 20-21, 2026, Quotes due NLT Monday April 6, 2026 3PM Eastern

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-31 13:09:30.624-04
- Solicitation Number: SPE60526Q0242

## Summary

DLA Energy has received a one-time buy (OTB) request for delivery of 30,000 US gallons of Turbine Fuel, Aviation, (JA1) (neat jet fuel without additives) 9130-00-753-5026. Request fuel delivery to 35 LRS/LGRF Unit 2014, Building 1173, 1-Chome, Hirahata Misawa Aomori, Japan 033-0012, by TANK TRUCK. Required delivery date is April 20 – April 21, 2026. Please provide your quotes to this office NLT 3PM Eastern, Monday April 06, 2026. Let me know if you have any questions. In order to be considered for award a CERTIFICATE OF ANALYSIS (COA) must be submitted with all offers. ALL COAs SUBMITTED UNDER THIS SOLICITATION SHALL NOT BE OLDER THAN 90 DAYS FROM THE ISSUE DATE OF THIS SOLICITATION. SEE ATTACHED “ENERGY QAP C1.02 GENERALIZED TECHNICAL GUIDANCE (MAR 2025)” for more information. Request for Quote: Location: 35 LRS/LGRF Unit 2014, Building 1173, 1-Chome, Hirahata Misawa Aomori, Japan 033-0012 Line Item: 0001 Product: Turbine Fuel, Aviation, (JA1) (neat jet fuel without additives Product code: 9130-00-753-5026 Quantity: 30,000 USG Mode: TANK TRUCK Delivery Hours: MONDAY-FRIDAY| 0730-1800 Delivery Days: April 20-21, 2026 Delivery Schedule: 20 April - 20K gals 21 April - 10K gals Delivery Notes: A. Equipment required that the commercial delivery truck to be equipped: 1. Minimum size 16KL or 4,227 gallons 2. Pump with two (2) three (3) inches diameter of a four (4) meters length hose. 3. Male to Male type Cam-lock Joint, three (3) inches diameter. 4. Female to Female type Cam-lock Joint, three (3) inches diameter. B. Additional items may be required by the requester to be equipped on the truck for performance: 1. Female Cam-lock Joint three (3) inches x Male Cam-lock Joint 1.5 inches reducer. 2. Female Cam-lock Joint three (3) inches x Female Cam-lock Joint 1.5 inches reducer. 3. Female Cam-lock Joint two (2) inches x Male Cam-lock joint 2 inches. 4. Female Cam-lock Joint two (2) inches x Female Cam-lock joint 2 inches. Note: All vehicles and upload/discharge equipment to be used under this contract shall have clean, decontaminated cargo tanks, empty and clean discharge manifolds, hoses, connections, and couplings. NOTE: Unloading point of the fuel will be at Misawa AB, Japan BLDG 1165 truck offload facility. USAF and bulk fuels contractor will monitor and assist the contractor during the discharging of fuel. See the attached Delivery Narrative for additional information. Please include all applicable taxes and fees in your quote. The government will not assume any responsibility above the 10% variance authorized by the contract. Contract resulting from this procurement will be a firm fixed price contract. This request is considered URGENT & COMPELLING. DLA Energy may require a vendor to sign the SF1449 prior to being offered this delivery. This would be sent by email and have a response window of as little as two (2) hours. Upon request, the vendor must return the signed SF1449 by the deadline specified. If this is not returned by the specified deadline, DLA Energy reserves the right to offer this delivery to a different vendor. Please provide your quotation to the attention of both John Gable at John.gable@dla.mil and DLA FEPAA ENERGY Inbox at DLAENERGYFEPAA@dla.mil no later than 3:00 pM (EST) on monday april 06, 2026. Please include your CAGE code, point of contact and name with your submittal. DFARS 252.204-7012 Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting. Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting (MAY 2024) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause— Adequate security means protective measures that are commensurate with the consequences and probability of loss, misuse, or unauthorized access to, or modification of information. Compromise means disclosure of information to unauthorized persons, or a violation of the security policy of a system, in which unauthorized intentional or unintentional disclosure, modification, destruction, or loss of an object, or the copying of information to unauthorized media may have occurred. Contractor attributional/proprietary information means information that identifies the contractor(s), whether directly or indirectly, by the grouping of information that can be traced back to the contractor(s) (e.g., program description, facility locations), personally identifiable information, as well as trade secrets, commercial or financial information, or other commercially sensitive information that is not customarily shared outside of the company. Controlled technical information means technical information with military or space application that is subject to controls on the access, use, reproduction, modification, performance, display, release, disclosure, or dissemination. Controlled technical information would meet the criteria, if disseminated, for distribution statements B through F using the criteria set forth in DoD Instruction 5230.24, Distribution Statements on Technical Documents. The term does not include information that is lawfully publicly available without restrictions. Covered contractor information system means an unclassified information system that is owned, or operated by or for, a contractor and that processes, stores, or transmits covered defense information. Covered defense information means unclassified controlled technical information or other information, as described in the Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) Registry at http://www.archives.gov/cui/registry/category-list.html, that requires safeguarding or dissemination controls pursuant to and consistent with law, regulations, and Governmentwide policies, and is— (1) Marked or otherwise identified in the contract, task order, or delivery order and provided to the contractor by or on behalf of DoD in support of the performance of the contract; or (2) Collected, developed, received, transmitted, used, or stored by or on behalf of the contractor in support of the performance of the contract. Cyber incident means actions taken through the use of computer networks that result in a compromise or an actual or potentially adverse effect on an information system and/or the information residing therein. Forensic analysis means the practice of gathering, retaining, and analyzing computer-related data for investigative purposes in a manner that maintains the integrity of the data. Information system means a discrete set of information resources organized for the collection, processing, maintenance, use, sharing, dissemination, or disposition of information. Malicious software means computer software or firmware intended to perform an unauthorized process that will have adverse impact on the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of an information system. This definition includes a virus, worm, Trojan horse, or other code-based entity that infects a host, as well as spyware and some forms of adware. Media means physical devices or writing surfaces including, but is not limited to, magnetic tapes, optical disks, magnetic disks, large-scale integration memory chips, and printouts onto which covered defense information is recorded, stored, or printed within a covered contractor information system. Operationally critical support means supplies or services designated by the Government as critical for airlift, sealift, intermodal transportation services, or logistical support that is essential to the mobilization, deployment, or sustainment of the Armed Forces in a contingency operation. Rapidly report means within 72 hours of discovery of any cyber incident. Technical information means technical data or computer software, as those terms are defined in the clause at DFARS 252.227-7013, Rights in Technical Data—Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services, regardless of whether or not the clause is incorporated in this solicitation or contract. Examples of technical information include research and engineering data, engineering drawings, and associated lists, specifications, standards, process sheets, manuals, technical reports, technical orders, catalog-item identifications, data sets, studies and analyses and related information, and computer software executable code and source code. (b) Adequate security. The Contractor shall provide adequate security on all covered contractor information systems. To provide adequate security, the Contractor shall implement, at a minimum, the following information security protections: (1) For covered contractor information systems that are part of an information technology (IT) service or system operated on behalf of the Government, the following security requirements apply: (i) Cloud computing services shall be subject to the security requirements specified in the clause 252.239-7010, Cloud Computing Services, of this contract. (ii) Any other such IT service or system (i.e., other than cloud computing) shall be subject to the security requirements specified elsewhere in this contract. (2) For covered contractor information systems that are not part of an IT service or system operated on behalf of the Government and therefore are not subject to the security requirement specified at paragraph (b)(1) of this clause, the following security requirements apply: (i) Except as provided in paragraph (b)(2)(ii) of this clause, the covered contractor information system shall be subject to the security requirements in National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP) 800-171, “Protecting Controlled Unclassified Information in Nonfederal Information Systems and Organizations” (available via the internet at https://csrc.nist.gov/publications/sp800) in effect at the time the solicitation is issued or as authorized by the Contracting Officer. (ii)(A) The Contractor shall implement NIST SP 800-171, as soon as practical, but not later than December 31, 2017. For all contracts awarded prior to October 1, 2017, the Contractor shall notify the DoD Chief Information Officer (CIO), via email at osd.dibcsia@mail.mil, within 30 days of contract award, of any security requirements specified by NIST SP 800-171 not implemented at the time of contract award. (B) The Contractor shall submit requests to vary from NIST SP 800-171 in writing to the Contracting Officer, for consideration by the DoD CIO. The Contractor need not implement any security requirement adjudicated by an authorized representative of the DoD CIO to be nonapplicable or to have an alternative, but equally effective, security measure that may be implemented in its place. (C) If the DoD CIO has previously adjudicated the contractor's requests indicating that a requirement is not applicable or that an alternative security measure is equally effective, a copy of that approval shall be provided to the Contracting Officer when requesting its recognition under this contract. (D) If the Contractor intends to use an external cloud service provider to store, process, or transmit any covered defense information in performance of this contract, the Contractor shall require and ensure that the cloud service provider meets security requirements equivalent to those established by the Government for the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP) Moderate baseline (https://www.fedramp.gov/documents-templates/) and that the cloud service provider complies with requirements in paragraphs (c) through (g) of this clause for cyber incident reporting, malicious software, media preservation and protection, access to additional information and equipment necessary for forensic analysis, and cyber incident damage assessment. (3) Apply other information systems security measures when the Contractor reasonably determines that information systems security measures, in addition to those identified in paragraphs (b)(1) and (2) of this clause, may be required to provide adequate security in a dynamic environment or to accommodate special circumstances (e.g., medical devices) and any individual, isolated, or temporary deficiencies based on an assessed risk or vulnerability. These measures may be addressed in a system security plan. (c) Cyber incident reporting requirement. (1) When the Contractor discovers a cyber incident that affects a covered contractor information system or the covered defense information residing therein, or that affects the contractor's ability to perform the requirements of the contract that are designated as operationally critical support and identified in the contract, the Contractor shall— (i) Conduct a review for evidence of compromise of covered defense information, including, but not limited to, identifying compromised computers, servers, specific data, and user accounts. This review shall also include analyzing covered contractor information system(s) that were part of the cyber incident, as well as other information systems on the Contractor's network(s), that may have been accessed as a result of the incident in order to identify compromised covered defense information, or that affect the Contractor's ability to provide operationally critical support; and (ii) Rapidly report cyber incidents to DoD at https://dibnet.dod.mil. (2) Cyber incident report. The cyber incident report shall be treated as information created by or for DoD and shall include, at a minimum, the required elements at https://dibnet.dod.mil. (3) Medium assurance certificate requirement. In order to report cyber incidents in accordance with this clause, the Contractor or subcontractor shall have or acquire a DoD-approved medium assurance certificate to report cyber incidents. For information on obtaining a DoD-approved medium assurance certificate, see https://public.cyber.mil/eca/. (d) Malicious software. When the Contractor or subcontractors discover and isolate malicious software in connection with a reported cyber incident, submit the malicious software to DoD Cyber Crime Center (DC3) in accordance with instructions provided by DC3 or the Contracting Officer. Do not send the malicious software to the Contracting Officer. (e) Media preservation and protection. When a Contractor discovers a cyber incident has occurred, the Contractor shall preserve and protect images of all known affected information systems identified in paragraph (c)(1)(i) of this clause and all relevant monitoring/packet capture data for at least 90 days from the submission of the cyber incident report to allow DoD to request the media or decline interest. (f) Access to additional information or equipment necessary for forensic analysis. Upon request by DoD, the Contractor shall provide DoD with access to additional information or equipment that is necessary to conduct a forensic analysis. (g) Cyber incident damage assessment activities. If DoD elects to conduct a damage assessment, the Contracting Officer will request that the Contractor provide all of the damage assessment information gathered in accordance with paragraph (e) of this clause. (h) DoD safeguarding and use of contractor attributional/proprietary information. The Government shall protect against the unauthorized use or release of information obtained from the contractor (or derived from information obtained from the contractor) under this clause that includes contractor attributional/proprietary information, including such information submitted in accordance with paragraph (c). To the maximum extent practicable, the Contractor shall identify and mark attributional/proprietary information. In making an authorized release of such information, the Government will implement appropriate procedures to minimize the contractor attributional/proprietary information that is included in such authorized release, seeking to include only that information that is necessary for the authorized purpose(s) for which the information is being released. (i) Use and release of contractor attributional/proprietary information not created by or for DoD. Information that is obtained from the contractor (or derived from information obtained from the contractor) under this clause that is not created by or for DoD is authorized to be released outside of DoD— (1) To entities with missions that may be affected by such information; (2) To entities that may be called upon to assist in the diagnosis, detection, or mitigation of cyber incidents; (3) To Government entities that conduct counterintelligence or law enforcement investigations; (4) For national security purposes, including cyber situational awareness and defense purposes (including with Defense Industrial Base (DIB) participants in the program at 32 CFR part 236); or (5) To a support services contractor (“recipient”) that is directly supporting Government activities under a contract that includes the clause at 252.204-7009, Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information. (j) Use and release of contractor attributional/proprietary information created by or for DoD. Information that is obtained from the contractor (or derived from information obtained from the contractor) under this clause that is created by or for DoD (including the information submitted pursuant to paragraph (c) of this clause) is authorized to be used and released outside of DoD for purposes and activities authorized by paragraph (i) of this clause, and for any other lawful Government purpose or activity, subject to all applicable statutory, regulatory, and policy based restrictions on the Government's use and release of such information. (k) The Contractor shall conduct activities under this clause in accordance with applicable laws and regulations on the interception, monitoring, access, use, and disclosure of electronic communications and data. (l) Other safeguarding or reporting requirements. The safeguarding and cyber incident reporting required by this clause in no way abrogates the Contractor's responsibility for other safeguarding or cyber incident reporting pertaining to its unclassified information systems as required by other applicable clauses of this contract, or as a result of other applicable U.S. Government statutory or regulatory requirements. (m) Subcontracts. The Contractor shall— (1) Include this clause, including this paragraph (m), in subcontracts, or similar contractual instruments, for operationally critical support, or for which subcontract performance will involve covered defense information, including subcontracts for commercial products or commercial services, without alteration, except to identify the parties. The Contractor shall determine if the information required for subcontractor performance retains its identity as covered defense information and will require protection under this clause, and, if necessary, consult with the Contracting Officer; and (2) Require subcontractors to— (i) Notify the prime Contractor (or next higher-tier subcontractor) when submitting a request to vary from a NIST SP 800-171 security requirement to the Contracting Officer, in accordance with paragraph (b)(2)(ii)(B) of this clause; and (ii) Provide the incident report number, automatically assigned by DoD, to the prime Contractor (or next higher-tier subcontractor) as soon as practicable, when reporting a cyber incident to DoD as required in paragraph (c) of this clause. (End of clause) FAR 52.204-21 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems. Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems (NOV 2021) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause— Covered contractor information system means an information system that is owned or operated by a contractor that processes, stores, or transmits Federal contract information. Federal contract information means information, not intended for public release, that is provided by or generated for the Government under a contract to develop or deliver a product or service to the Government, but not including information provided by the Government to the public (such as on public Web sites) or simple transactional information, such as necessary to process payments. Information means any communication or representation of knowledge such as facts, data, or opinions, in any medium or form, including textual, numerical, graphic, cartographic, narrative, or audiovisual (Committee on National Security Systems Instruction (CNSSI) 4009). Information system means a discrete set of information resources organized for the collection, processing, maintenance, use, sharing, dissemination, or disposition of information (44 U.S.C. 3502). Safeguarding means measures or controls that are prescribed to protect information systems. (b) Safeguarding requirements and procedures. (1) The Contractor shall apply the following basic safeguarding requirements and procedures to protect covered contractor information systems. Requirements and procedures for basic safeguarding of covered contractor information systems shall include, at a minimum, the following security controls: (i) Limit information system access to authorized users, processes acting on behalf of authorized users, or devices (including other information systems). (ii) Limit information system access to the types of transactions and functions that authorized users are permitted to execute. (iii) Verify and control/limit connections to and use of external information systems. (iv) Control information posted or processed on publicly accessible information systems. (v) Identify information system users, processes acting on behalf of users, or devices. (vi) Authenticate (or verify) the identities of those users, processes, or devices, as a prerequisite to allowing access to organizational information systems. (vii) Sanitize or destroy information system media containing Federal Contract Information before disposal or release for reuse. (viii) Limit physical access to organizational information systems, equipment, and the respective operating environments to authorized individuals. (ix) Escort visitors and monitor visitor activity; maintain audit logs of physical access; and control and manage physical access devices. (x) Monitor, control, and protect organizational communications (i.e., information transmitted or received by organizational information systems) at the external boundaries and key internal boundaries of the information systems. (xi) Implement subnetworks for publicly accessible system components that are physically or logically separated from internal networks. (xii) Identify, report, and correct information and information system flaws in a timely manner. (xiii) Provide protection from malicious code at appropriate locations within organizational information systems. (xiv) Update malicious code protection mechanisms when new releases are available. (xv) Perform periodic scans of the information system and real-time scans of files from external sources as files are downloaded, opened, or executed. (2) Other requirements. This clause does not relieve the Contractor of any other specific safeguarding requirements specified by Federal agencies and departments relating to covered contractor information systems generally or other Federal safeguarding requirements for controlled unclassified information (CUI) as established by Executive Order 13556. (c) Subcontracts. The Contractor shall include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (c), in subcontracts under this contract (including subcontracts for the acquisition of commercial products or commercial services, other than commercially available off-the-shelf items), in which the subcontractor may have Federal contract information residing in or transiting through its information system. FAR 52.204–27 Prohibition on a Bytedance Covered Application (June 2023) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause— Covered application means the social networking service TikTok or any successor application or service developed or provided by ByteDance Limited or an entity owned by ByteDance Limited. Information technology, as defined in 40 U.S.C. 11101(6)— (1) Means any equipment or interconnected system or subsystem of equipment, used in the automatic acquisition, storage, analysis, evaluation, manipulation, management, movement, control, display, switching, interchange, transmission, or reception of data or information by the executive agency, if the equipment is used by the executive agency directly or is used by a contractor under a contract with the executive agency that requires the use— (i) Of that equipment; or (ii) Of that equipment to a significant extent in the performance of a service or the furnishing of a product; (2) Includes computers, ancillary equipment (including imaging peripherals, input, output, and storage devices necessary for security and surveillance), peripheral equipment designed to be controlled by the central processing unit of a computer, software, firmware and similar procedures, services (including support services), and related resources; but (3) Does not include any equipment acquired by a Federal contractor incidental to a Federal contract. (b) Prohibition. Section 102 of Division R of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023 (Pub. L. 117–328), the No TikTok on Government Devices Act, and its implementing guidance under Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Memorandum M–23–13, dated February 27, 2023, “No TikTok on Government Devices” Implementation Guidance, collectively prohibit the presence or use of a covered application on executive agency information technology, including certain equipment used by Federal contractors. The Contractor is prohibited from having or using a covered application on any information technology owned or managed by the Government, or on any information technology used or provided by the Contractor under this contract, including equipment provided by the Contractor's employees; however, this prohibition does not apply if the Contracting Officer provides written notification to the Contractor that an exception has been granted in accordance with OMB Memorandum M–23–13. (c) Subcontracts. The Contractor shall insert the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (c), in all subcontracts, including subcontracts for the acquisition of commercial products or commercial services. (End of clause) DFARS 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights. REQUIREMENT TO INFORM EMPLOYEES OF WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS (DEC 2022) (a) The Contractor shall inform its employees in writing, in the predominant native language of the workforce, of contractor employee whistleblower rights and protections under 10 U.S.C. 4701, as described in subpart 203.9 of the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement. (b) The Contractor shall include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (b), in all subcontracts. DFARS 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System. NOTICE ON THE USE OF THE SUPPLIER PERFORMANCE RISK SYSTEM (MAR 2023) (a) Definitions. As used in this provision— “Item risk” means the probability that a product, based on intended use, will introduce performance risk resulting in safety issues, mission degradation, or monetary loss. “Price risk” means a measure of whether a proposed price for a product or service is consistent with historical prices paid for that item or service. “Supplier risk” means the probability that an award may subject the procurement to the risk of unsuccessful performance or to supply chain risk (see Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement 239.7301). (b) The Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS), available at https://piee.eb.mil/, will be used in the evaluation of the Quoter or Offeror’s performance. SPRS retrieves item, price, quality, delivery, and contractor information on contracts from Government reporting systems in order to develop risk assessments. (c) The Contracting Officer will consider SPRS risk assessments during the evaluation of quotations or offers received in response to this solicitation as follows: (1) Item risk will be considered to determine whether the procurement represents a high performance risk to the Government. (2) Price risk will be considered in determining if a proposed price is consistent with historical prices paid for a product or a service or otherwise creates a risk to the Government. (3) Supplier risk, including but not limited to quality and delivery, will be considered to assess the risk of unsuccessful performance and supply chain risk. (d) SPRS risk assessments are generated daily. Quoters or Offerors are able to access their risk assessments by following the access instructions in the SPRS user's guide available at https://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil/reference.htm. Quoters and Offerors are granted access to SPRS for their own risk assessment classifications only. SPRS reporting procedures and risk assessment methodology are detailed in the SPRS user's guide. The method to challenge a rating generated by SPRS is also provided in the user's guide. SPRS evaluation criteria are available at https://www.sprs.csd.disa.mil/pdf/SPRS_DataEvaluationCriteria.pdf. (e) The Contracting Officer may consider any other available and relevant information when evaluating a quotation or an offer. DFARS 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program. Buy American and Balance of Payments Program—Basic (FEB 2024) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause— Commercially available off-the-shelf (COTS) item— (1) Means any item of supply (including construction material) that is— (i) A commercial product (as defined in paragraph (1) of the definition of “ commercial product” in section 2.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR)); (ii) Sold in substantial quantities in the commercial marketplace; and (iii) Offered to the Government, under a contract or subcontract at any tier, without modification, in the same form in which it is sold in the commercial marketplace; and (2) Does not include bulk cargo, as defined in 46 U.S.C. 40102(4), such as agricultural products and petroleum products. Component means an article, material, or supply incorporated directly into an end product. Critical component means a component that is mined, produced, or manufactured in the United States and deemed critical to the U.S. supply chain. The list of critical components is at FAR 25.105. Critical item means a domestic construction material or domestic end product that is deemed critical to the U.S. supply chain. The list of critical items is at FAR 25.105. Domestic end product means— (1) For an end product that does not consist wholly or predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both— (i) An unmanufactured end product mined or produced in the United States; or (ii) An end product manufactured in the United States if— (A) The cost of its qualifying country components and its components that are mined, produced, or manufactured in the United States exceeds 60 percent of the cost of all its components, except that the percentage will be 65 percent for items delivered in calendar years 2024 through 2028 and 75 percent for items delivered starting in calendar year 2029, unless an alternate percentage is established for a contract in accordance with FAR 25.101(d), or award is made before January 1, 2030, for a foreign end product that exceeds 55 percent domestic content (see Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement 225.103(b)(ii)). The cost of components includes transportation costs to the place of incorporation into the end product and U.S. duty (whether or not a duty-free entry certificate is issued). Components of unknown origin are treated as foreign. Scrap generated, collected, and prepared for processing in the United States is considered domestic. A component is considered to have been mined, produced, or manufactured in the United States (regardless of its source in fact) if the end product in which it is incorporated is manufactured in the United States and the component is of a class or kind for which the Government has ...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: John Gable
  - Email: john.gable@dla.mil
  - Phone: 4457371982
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Candy Cross
  - Email: CANDY.CROSS@DLA.MIL
  - Phone: 5714746137

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/05ae4d4b01d64186aaaea7e802ecabd3/view)