---
layout: default
title: 6515--Natus electroencephalogram (EEG) acquisition systems upgrade
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: d91387941d6c4bd49a3017435d355786
---

# 6515--Natus electroencephalogram (EEG) acquisition systems upgrade

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-20 11:21:39.812-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0429
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Effective Date: 01/15/2026 Revision: 03 Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01. This solicitation is set-aside for: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB). The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 334510 - Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing, with a small business size standard of 1,250 Employees The FSC/PSC is 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies. The Regional Procurement Office East, Network Contracting Officer 1 is seeking to retrofit and upgrade four (4) Natus Medical Inc. brand electroencephalogram (EEG) acquisition systems and associated software. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services SYS 1: EEG/Sleep Aca Desktop with IP PTZ 1080p HD Color/BW Camera on EraoJust Cart Line Item Part Number Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0001 PK1204HD EEG/Sleep Acq Desktop with IP PTZ 1080p HD Color/SW Camera on ErgoJust Cart 1 Â Â Â 0002 UPS-NA-EJ Medical Grade UPS with Isolation - 110V EraoJust Cart 1 Â Â Â 0003 LC101-U10 Upgrade NeuroWorks 10.x Acquisition Software with Spike/ Event and High Res Video 1 Â Â Â 0004 ENCRYPTED Computer Provided with Encrypted Hard Drive 1 Â Â Â 0005 105075XL 24in FP Monitor 1 Â Â Â 0006 002929 Persyst CPAI - Continuous/ Long-Term Acauisition 1 Â Â Â 0007 SVC800INSTALL install days, not to exceed 1 Â Â Â 0008 SVC800TRAIN_INC Training Included 1 Â Â Â Totals for this system Â Â Â Â SYS 2: EEG/Sleep Aca Desktop with IP PTZ 1080p HD Color/BW Camera on EraoJust Cart Line Item Part Number Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0009 PK1204HD EEG/Sleep Acq Desktop with IP PTZ 1080p HD Color/SW Camera on ErgoJust Cart 1 Â Â Â 0010 UPS-NA-EJ Medical Grade UPS with Isolation - 110V EraoJust Cart 1 Â Â Â 0011 LC101-U10 Upgrade NeuroWorks 10.x Acquisition Software with Spike/ Event and High Res Video 1 Â Â Â 0012 ENCRYPTED Computer Provided with Encrypted Hard Drive 1 Â Â Â 0013 105075XL 24in FP Monitor 1 Â Â Â 0014 002929 Persyst CPAI - Continuous/ Long-Term Acauisition 1 Â Â Â 0015 SVC800INST ALL install days, not to exceed 1 Â Â Â 0016 SVC800TRAIN_INC Training Included 1 Â Â Â Totals for this system Â Â Â Â SYS 3: EEG/Sleep Aca Desktop with IP PTZ 1080p HD Color/BW Camera on EraoJust Cart Line Item Part Number Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0017 PK1204HD EEG/Sleep Acq Desktop with IP PTZ 1080p HD Color/BW Camera on ErgoJust Cart 1 Â Â Â 0018 UPS-NA-EJ Medical Grade UPS with Isolation - 110V EraoJust Cart 1 Â Â Â 0019 LC101-U10 Upgrade NeuroWorks 10.x Acquisition Software with Spike/ Event and High Res Video 1 Â Â Â 0020 105075XL 24in FP Monitor 1 Â Â Â 0021 ENCRYPTED Computer Provided with Encrypted Hard Drive 1 Â Â Â 0022 002929 Persyst CPAI - Continuous/ Long-Term Acauisition 1 Â Â Â 0023 SVC800INST ALL install days, not to exceed 1 Â Â Â 0024 SVC800TRAIN_INC Training Included 1 Â Â Â Totals for this system Â Â Â Â SYS 4: EEG/Sle&ll Aca Desktop with IP PTZ 1080D HD Color/BW Camera on EraoJust Cart Line Item Part Number Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0025 PK1204HD EEG/Sleep Acq Desktop with IP PTZ 1080p HD Color/BW Camera on ErgoJust Cart 1 Â Â Â 0026 UPS-NA-EJ Medical Grade UPS with Isolation - 110V EraoJust Cart 1 Â Â Â 0027 LC101-U10 Upgrade NeuroWorks 10.x Acquisition Software with Spike/ Event and High Res Video 1 Â Â Â 0028 105075XL 24in FP Monitor 1 Â Â Â 0029 ENCRYPTED Computer Provided with Encrypted Hard Drive 1 Â Â Â 0030 002929 Persyst CPAI - Continuous/ Long-Term Acauisition 1 Â Â Â 0031 SVC800INSTALL install days, not to exceed 1 Â Â Â 0032 SVC800TRAIN_INC Training Included 1 Â Â Â Totals for this system Â Â Â Â SYS 5: Installation Included Line Item Part Number Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0033 SVC800INSTALL_ INC Installation Included 2 Â Â Â 0034 SVC800TRAIN_INC Training Included 2 Â Â Â Totals for this system Â Â Â Â VA TeleEEG Acquisition System Upgrades Performance Work Statement Privacy Statement: Contractor shall adhere to all Veterans Affairs (VA) Privacy & Security, and Privacy Act and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) requirements if exposed to protected health information (PHI) or when obtaining or reviewing information. This includes all log files, error traps, screen capture images and database query results used to aid staff with product troubleshooting or product support activities. Introduction VA National Tele-Electroencephalogram ( TeleEEG ) Program has a need to retrofit and upgrade four (4) Natus Medical Inc. brand electroencephalogram (EEG) acquisition systems and associated software. The program has obtained dated EEG systems and can offer significant cost savings to participating VA medical centers by upgrading the existing systems and reallocating units to medical centers in need. This procurement shall include new EEG peripherals, software, and vendor upgrade services. Scope The scope of this procurement shall include upgrades/retrofitting and configuration to hardware and software for four (4) Natus Medical Inc. brand electroencephalogram (EEG) acquisition systems and associated software. This work will take place at a central location near the Natus Medical Inc. headquarters- the William S. Middleton Memorial Veterans HospitalÂ (VA Madison Healthcare system (HCS)). The address for the location of work is as follows: William S. Middleton Memorial Veterans' Hospital 2500 Overlook Terrace Madison, WI 53705-2254 The vendor shall then support configuration & installation at the final destination of the upgraded equipment. Two of the four retrofitted EEGs shall be sent to the New York Harbor (NYH) Healthcare system (HCS). The NYH HCS has multiple campuses with most routine outpatient EEGs being performed at the Brooklyn campus located at: Brooklyn VA Medical Center 800 Poly Place Brooklyn, NY 11209-7104 The final destination of the remaining two EEGs shall be determined at a later date based on medical center need. Performance Requirements The vendor shall upgrade four (4) EEG acquisition carts at William S. Middleton Memorial Veterans' Hospital to include hardware, firmware, and software configurations including: EEG/Sleep Acq Windows 11 Desktop with encrypted hard drive IP PTZ 1080p HD Color/BW Camera ErgoJust Cart Medical Grade UPS with Isolation - 110V 24in FP Monitor Persyst Continuous / Long-term Monitoring Upgrade NeuroWorks 10.x Acquisition Software with Spike / Event and High Res Video Delivery, installation, and training services shall be included and will be provided onsite. Deliverables The vendor shall upgrade four (4) EEG acquisition carts at William S. Middleton Memorial Veterans' Hospital to include hardware, firmware, and software configurations. The vendor shall deliver: Four (4) ErgoJust Carts Four (4) EEG/Sleep Acq Windows 11 Desktop with encrypted hard drive Four (4) IP PTZ 1080p HD Color/BW Cameras Four (4) Medical Grade UPS with Isolation - 110V Four (4) 24in FP Monitors Four (4) Persyst Continuous / Long-term Monitoring licenses Four (4) NeuroWorks 10.x Acquisition Software licenses Applicable Directives The contractor must comply with the rules and regulations of the Veterans Affairs Administration. All contractors accessing the equipment during installation and training must be certified (i.e. proper approval shall be obtained from the VA Information System Security Officer). The contractor, their personnel, and their subcontractors shall be subject to the Federal laws, regulations, standards, and VA Directives and Handbooks regarding information and information system security as delineated in this contract. A contractor/subcontrator shall request logical (technical) or physical access to VA information and VA information systems for their employees, subcontractors, and affiliates only to the extent necessary to perform the services specified in the contract, agreement, or task order. The contractor or subcontractor must notify the Contracting Officer immediately when an employee working on a VA system or with access to VA information is reassigned or leaves the contractor or subcontractor s employ. The Contracting Officer must also be notified immediately by the contractor or subcontractor prior to an unfriendly termination. Information made available to the contractor or subcontractor by VA for the performance or administration of this contract or information developed by the contractor/subcontractor in performance or administration of the contract shall be used only for those purposes and shall not be used in any other way without the prior written agreement of the VA. This clause expressly limits the contractor/subcontractor's rights to use data as described in Rights in Data - General, FAR 52.227-14(d) (1). Prior to termination or completion of this contract, contractor/subcontractor must not destroy information received from VA, or gathered/created by the contractor in the course of performing this contract without prior written approval by the VA. Any data destruction done on behalf of VA by a contractor/subcontractor must be done in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) requirements as outlined in VA Directive 6300, Records and Information Management and its Handbook

6300.1 Records Management Procedures, applicable VA Records Control Schedules, and VA Handbook 6500.1, Electronic Media Sanitization. Self-certification by the contractor that the data destruction requirements above have been met must be sent to the VA Contracting Officer within 30 days of termination of the contract All contractor employees and subcontractor employees requiring access to VA information and VA information systems shall complete the following before being granted access to VA information and its systems: (1) Sign and acknowledge (either manually or electronically) understanding of and responsibilities for compliance with the Contractor Rules of Behavior, Appendix E relating to access to VA information and information systems; (2) Successfully complete the VA Cyber Security Awareness and Rules of Behavior training and annually complete required security training; (3) Successfully complete the appropriate VA privacy training and annually complete required privacy training; and (4) Successfully complete any additional cyber security or privacy training, as required for VA personnel with equivalent information system access [to be defined by the VA program official and provided to the contracting officer for inclusion in the solicitation document e.g., any role-based information security training required in accordance with NIST Special Publication 800-16, Information Technology Security Training Requirements. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part 52#FAR_52_252_2 (FAR) http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp (VAAR) 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (NOV 2023) 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (NOV 2015) 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (OCT 2022) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule. (SEP 2021) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-3 Convict Labor. (JUN 2003) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (MAR 2026) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.223-23 Sustainable Products (MAY 2024) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.225-5 Trade Agreements. (NOV 2023) 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) 52.233-3 Protest after Award (AUG 1996) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) 52.225-6 Trade Agreements Certificate (Feb 2021) (a) The offeror certifies that each end product, except those listed in paragraph (b) of this provision, is a U.S.-made or designated country end product, as defined in the clause of this solicitation entitled "Trade Agreements." (b) The offeror shall list as other end products those supplies that are not U.S.- Other End Products Line item No. Country of origin [List as necessary] (c) The Government will evaluate offers in accordance with the policies and procedures of Part 25 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. For line items covered by the WTO GPA, the Government will evaluate offers of U.S.-made or designated country end products without regard to the restrictions of the Buy American statute. The Government will consider for award only offers of U.S.-made or designated country end products unless the Contracting Officer determines that there are no offers for such products or that the offers for those products are insufficient to fulfill the requirements of this solicitation. 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests. Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause - (1) Contract financing payment has the meaning given in FAR 32.001; (2) Designated agency office means the office designated by the purchase order, agreement, or contract to first receive and review invoices. This office can be contractually designated as the receiving entity. This office may be different from the office issuing the payment; (3) Electronic form means an automated system transmitting information electronically according to the accepted electronic data transmission methods and formats identified in paragraph (c) of this clause. Facsimile, email, and scanned documents are not acceptable electronic forms for submission of payment requests; (4) Invoice payment has the meaning given in FAR 32.001; and(5) Payment request means any request for contract financing payment or invoice payment submitted by the Contractor under this contract. (b) Electronic payment requests. Except as provided in paragraph (e) of this clause, the Contractor shall submit payment requests in electronic form. Purchases paid with a Government-wide commercial purchase card are considered to be an electronic transaction for purposes of this rule, and therefore no additional electronic invoice submission is required. (c) Data transmission. A Contractor must ensure that the data transmission method and format are through one of the following: (1) VA's Electronic Invoice Presentment and Payment System at the current website address provided in the contract. (2) Any system that conforms to the X12 electronic data interchange (EDI) formats established by the Accredited Standards Center (ASC) and chartered by the American National Standards Institute (ANSI). (d) Invoice requirements. Invoices shall comply with FAR 32.905. (e) Exceptions. If, based on one of the circumstances in this paragraph (e), the Contracting Officer directs that payment requests be made by mail, the Contractor shall submit payment requests by mail through the United States Postal Service to the designated agency office. Submission of payment requests by mail may be required for - (1) Awards made to foreign vendors for work performed outside the United States; (2) Classified contracts or purchases when electronic submission and processing of payment requests could compromise the safeguarding of classified or privacy information; (3) Contracts awarded by Contracting Officers in the conduct of emergency operations, such as responses to national emergencies; (4) Solicitations or contracts in which the designated agency office is a VA entity other than the VA Financial Services Center in Austin, Texas; or (5) Solicitations or contracts in which the VA designated agency office does not have electronic invoicing capability as described above. All quoters shall submit the following: Please include the RFQ number in the subject line in your email when submitting a quote. All quotes shall be sent to the Network Contract Office 1 at kurt.fritz@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (SEP 2023) Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023) (a) North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard. The NAICS code(s) and small business size standard(s) for this acquisition appear elsewhere in the Request for Quote (RFQ). However, the small business size standard for a concern that submits an quote, other than on a construction or service acquisition, but proposes to furnish an end item that it did not itself manufacture, process, or produce is 500 employees, or 150 employees for information technology value-added resellers under NAICS code 541519, if the acquisition (1) Is set aside for small business and has a value above the simplified acquisition threshold; (2) Uses the HUBZone price evaluation preference regardless of dollar value, unless the offeror waives the price evaluation preference; or (3) Is an 8(a), HUBZone, service-disabled veteran-owned, economically disadvantaged women-owned, or women-owned small business set-aside or sole-source award regardless of dollar value. (b) Submission of Quotes. Submit signed and dated quotes to the office specified in this Request for Quote (RFQ) at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. Quotes may be submitted on letterhead stationery, or as otherwise specified in the solicitation. As a minimum, quotes must show (1) The solicitation number. (2) The time specified in the solicitation for receipt of quotations; (3) The name, address, and telephone number of the quoter; (4) A technical description of the items being quoted in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements in the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary; (5) Terms of any express warranty; (6) Price and any discount terms; (7) "Remit to" address, if different than mailing address; (8) A completed copy of the representations and certifications at Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.212-3 (see FAR 52.212-3(b) for those representations and certifications that the offeror shall complete electronically); (9) Acknowledgment of Quotation Amendments; (10) Past performance information will not be considered in simplified acquisition procurements. (11) Quotes should include a statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Quotes that fail to furnish required representations, or information, or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. (c) Period for acceptance of Quotes. The offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 30 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of quotes, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (d) Product samples. When required by the solicitation, product samples shall be submitted at or prior to the time specified for receipt of quotes. Unless otherwise specified in this solicitation, these samples shall be submitted at no expense to the Government, and returned at the sender s request and expense, unless they are destroyed during preaward testing. (e) Multiple Quotes. Quoters are encouraged to submit multiple quotes presenting alternative terms and conditions, including alternative line items (provided that the alternative line items are consistent with FAR subpart 4.10), or alternative commercial products or commercial services for satisfying the requirements of this solicitation. Each quote submitted will be evaluated separately. (f) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of quotes. (1) Quoters are responsible for submitting quotes, and any modifications, revisions, or withdrawals, so as to reach the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. If no time is specified in the solicitation, the time for receipt is 4:30 p.m., local time, for the designated Government office on the date that quotes or revisions are due. (2) Any quote received at the Government office designated in the solicitation after the exact time specified for receipt of quotes is "late" and may not be considered unless it is received before purchase order issuance and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late quote would not unduly delay the acquisition. (3) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that quotes cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of quotes by the exact time specified in the Request for Quote, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of quotes will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (g) Issuance of Purchase Order. The Government may issue a purchase order to one or more quoters as identified in the Request for Quote (RFQ). Therefore, the quoter s initial quote should contain the best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the Government may reject any or all quotes if such action is in the public s best interest. In addition, the Contracting Officer (CO) may issue a purchase order to other than the quoter with the lowest quoted price. (h) Multiple awards. The Government may accept issue a purchase order for any item or group of items of a quotation, unless the quoter qualifies the quotation by specific limitations. Unless otherwise provided in the quotation, offers may not be submitted for quantities less than those specified in the RFQ. The Government reserves the right to issue a purchase order for a quantity less than the quantity quoted, at the unit prices quoted, unless the quoter specifies otherwise in the quote. (i) Availability of requirements documents cited in the solicitation. (1) (i) The GSA Index of Federal Specifications, Standards and Commercial Item Descriptions, FPMR Part 101 29, and copies of Federal specifications, standards, and product descriptions can be downloaded from the ASSIST website at https://assist.dla.mil. (ii) If the General Services Administration, Department of Agriculture, or Department of Veterans Affairs issued this solicitation, a copy of specifications, standards, and commercial item descriptions cited in this solicitation may be obtained from the address in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of this provision. (2) Most unclassified Defense specifications and standards may be downloaded from the ASSIST website at https://assist.dla.mil. (3) Defense documents not available from the ASSIST website may be requested from the Defense Standardization Program Office by (i) Using the ASSIST feedback module ( https://assist.dla.mil/feedback); or (ii) Contacting the Defense Standardization Program Office by telephone at 571 767 6688 or email at assisthelp@dla.mil. (4) Nongovernment (voluntary) standards must be obtained from the organization responsible for their preparation, publication, or maintenance. (j) Unique entity identifier.(Applies to all quotes that exceed the micro-purchase threshold, and quotes at or below the micro-purchase threshold if the Request for Quote (RFQ) requires the Contractor to be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM).) The quoter shall enter, in the block with its name and address on the cover page of its offer, the annotation "Unique Entity Identifier" followed by the unique entity identifier that identifies the Quoter's name and address. The Quoter also shall enter its Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator, if applicable. The EFT indicator is a four-character suffix to the unique entity identifier. The suffix is assigned at the discretion of the Quoter to establish additional SAM records for identifying alternative EFT accounts (see FAR subpart 32.11) for the same entity. If the Quoter does not have a unique entity identifier, it should contact the entity designated at www.sam.gov for unique entity identifier establishment directly to obtain one. The Quoter should indicate that it is an planning to submit a quote for a Government Request for Quote (RFQ) when contacting the entity designated at www.sam.gov for establishing the unique entity identifier. (k) [Reserved] (l) Notification. The CO will not notify unsuccessful quoters that responded to this Request for Quotation (RFQ). (End of provision) FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services: In accordance with RFO FAR 12.201-1 and FAR 12.201-2 when appropriate, the contracting officer may (1)Â Insert the provision atÂ 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial ProductsÂ andÂ Commercial Services, inÂ solicitationsÂ forÂ commercial productsÂ orÂ commercial services. The following are the decision factors: Price and Past Performance Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than 7AM EST, 4/27/26 at kurt.fritz@va.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed above.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kurt Fritz
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: kurt.fritz@va.gov
  - Phone: 203-932-5711

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: relating to access to VA information and information systems; (2) Successfully complete the VA Cyber Security Awareness and Rules of Behavior training and annually complete required security training; (3) Successfully complete the appropriate VA privacy training and annually complete required privacy training; and (4) Successfully complete any additional cyber security or privacy training, as required for VA personnel with equivalent information system access [to be defined by the VA program official and provided to the contracting officer for inclusion in the solicitation document e.g., any role-based information security training required in accordance with NIST Special Publication 800-16, Information Technology Security Training Requirements. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part 52#FAR_52_252_2 (FAR) http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/index.asp (VAAR) 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (NOV 2023) 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (NOV 2015) 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (OCT 2022) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule. (SEP 2021) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-3 Convict Labor. (JUN 2003) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (MAR 2026) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.223-23 Sustainable Products (MAY 2024) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.225-5 Trade Agreements. (NOV 2023) 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) 52.233-3 Protest after Award (AUG 1996) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) 52.225-6 Trade Agreements Certificate (Feb 2021) (a) The offeror certifies that each end product, except those listed in paragraph (b) of this provision, is a U.S.-made or designated country end product, as defined in the clause of this solicitation entitled "Trade Agreements." (b) The offeror shall list as other end products those supplies that are not U.S.- Other End Products Line item No. Country of origin [List as necessary] (c) The Government will evaluate offers in accordance with the policies and procedures of Part 25 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. For line items covered by the WTO GPA, the Government will evaluate offers of U.S.-made or designated country end products without regard to the restrictions of the Buy American statute. The Government will consider for award only offers of U.S.-made or designated country end products unless the Contracting Officer determines that there are no offers for such products or that the offers for those products are insufficient to fulfill the requirements of this solicitation. 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests. Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause - (1) Contract financing payment has the meaning given in FAR 32.001; (2) Designated agency office means the office designated by the purchase order, agreement, or contract to first receive and review invoices. This office can be contractually designated as the receiving entity. This office may be different from the office issuing the payment; (3) Electronic form means an automated system transmitting information electronically according to the accepted electronic data transmission methods and formats identified in paragraph (c) of this clause. Facsimile, email, and scanned documents are not acceptable electronic forms for submission of payment requests; (4) Invoice payment has the meaning given in FAR 32.001; and(5) Payment request means any request for contract financing payment or invoice payment submitted by the Contractor under this contract. (b) Electronic payment requests. Except as provided in paragraph (e) of this clause, the Contractor shall submit payment requests in electronic form. Purchases paid with a Government-wide commercial purchase card are considered to be an electronic transaction for purposes of this rule, and therefore no additional electronic invoice submission is required. (c) Data transmission. A Contractor must ensure that the data transmission method and format are through one of the following: (1) VA"s Electronic Invoice Presentment and Payment System at the current website address provided in the contract. (2) Any system that conforms to the X12 electronic data interchange (EDI) formats established by the Accredited Standards Center (ASC) and chartered by the American National Standards Institute (ANSI). (d) Invoice requirements. Invoices shall comply with FAR 32.905. (e) Exceptions. If, based on one of the circumstances in this paragraph (e), the Contracting Officer directs that payment requests be made by mail, the Contractor shall submit payment requests by mail through the United States Postal Service to the designated agency office. Submission of payment requests by mail may be required for - (1) Awards made to foreign vendors for work performed outside the United States; (2) Classified contracts or purchases when electronic submission and processing of payment requests could compromise the safeguarding of classified or privacy information; (3) Contracts awarded by Contracting Officers in the conduct of emergency operations, such as responses to national emergencies; (4) Solicitations or contracts in which the designated agency office is a VA entity other than the VA Financial Services Center in Austin, Texas; or (5) Solicitations or contracts in which the VA designated agency office does not have electronic invoicing capability as described above. All quoters shall submit the following: Please include the RFQ number in the subject line in your email when submitting a quote. All quotes shall be sent to the Network Contract Office 1 at kurt.fritz@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (SEP 2023) Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023) (a) North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard. The NAICS code(s) and small business size standard(s) for this acquisition appear elsewhere in the Request for Quote (RFQ). However, the small business size standard for a concern that submits an quote, other than on a construction or service acquisition, but proposes to furnish an end item that it did not itself manufacture, process, or produce is 500 employees, or 150 employees for information technology value-added resellers under NAICS code 541519, if the acquisition (1) Is set aside for small business and has a value above the simplified acquisition threshold; (2) Uses the HUBZone price evaluation preference regardless of dollar value, unless the offeror waives the price evaluation preference; or (3) Is an 8(a), HUBZone, service-disabled veteran-owned, economically disadvantaged women-owned, or women-owned small business set-aside or sole-source award regardless of dollar value. (b) Submission of Quotes. Submit signed and dated quotes to the office specified in this Request for Quote (RFQ) at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. Quotes may be submitted on letterhead stationery, or as otherwise specified in the solicitation. As a minimum, quotes must show (1) The solicitation number. (2) The time specified in the solicitation for receipt of quotations; (3) The name, address, and telephone number of the quoter; (4) A technical description of the items being quoted in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements in the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary; (5) Terms of any express warranty; (6) Price and any discount terms; (7) "Remit to" address, if different than mailing address; (8) A completed copy of the representations and certifications at Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.212-3 (see FAR 52.212-3(b) for those representations and certifications that the offeror shall complete electronically); (9) Acknowledgment of Quotation Amendments; (10) Past performance information will not be considered in simplified acquisition procurements. (11) Quotes should include a statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Quotes that fail to furnish required representations, or information, or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. (c) Period for acceptance of Quotes. The offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 30 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of quotes, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (d) Product samples. When required by the solicitation, product samples shall be submitted at or prior to the time specified for receipt of quotes. Unless otherwise specified in this solicitation, these samples shall be submitted at no expense to the Government, and returned at the sender s request and expense, unless they are destroyed during preaward testing. (e) Multiple Quotes. Quoters are encouraged to submit multiple quotes presenting alternative terms and conditions, including alternative line items (provided that the alternative line items are consistent with FAR subpart 4.10), or alternative commercial products or commercial services for satisfying the requirements of this solicitation. Each quote submitted will be evaluated separately. (f) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of quotes. (1) Quoters are responsible for submitting quotes, and any modifications, revisions, or withdrawals, so as to reach the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. If no time is specified in the solicitation, the time for receipt is 4:30 p.m., local time, for the designated Government office on the date that quotes or revisions are due. (2) Any quote received at the Government office designated in the solicitation after the exact time specified for receipt of quotes is "late" and may not be considered unless it is received before purchase order issuance and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late quote would not unduly delay the acquisition. (3) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that quotes cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of quotes by the exact time specified in the Request for Quote, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of quotes will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (g) Issuance of Purchase Order. The Government may issue a purchase order to one or more quoters as identified in the Request for Quote (RFQ). Therefore, the quoter s initial quote should contain the best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the Government may reject any or all quotes if such action is in the public s best interest. In addition, the Contracting Officer (CO) may issue a purchase order to other than the quoter with the lowest quoted price. (h) Multiple awards. The Government may accept issue a purchase order for any item or group of items of a quotation, unless the quoter qualifies the quotation by specific limitations. Unless otherwise provided in the quotation, offers may not be submitted for quantities less than those specified in the RFQ. The Government reserves the right to issue a purchase order for a quantity less than the quantity quoted, at the unit prices quoted, unless the quoter specifies otherwise in the quote. (i) Availability of requirements documents cited in the solicitation. (1) (i) The GSA Index of Federal Specifications, Standards and Commercial Item Descriptions, FPMR Part 101 29, and copies of Federal specifications, standards, and product descriptions can be downloaded from the ASSIST website at https://assist.dla.mil. (ii) If the General Services Administration, Department of Agriculture, or Department of Veterans Affairs issued this solicitation, a copy of specifications, standards, and commercial item descriptions cited in this solicitation may be obtained from the address in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of this provision. (2) Most unclassified Defense specifications and standards may be downloaded from the ASSIST website at https://assist.dla.mil. (3) Defense documents not available from the ASSIST website may be requested from the Defense Standardization Program Office by (i) Using the ASSIST feedback module ( https://assist.dla.mil/feedback); or (ii) Contacting the Defense Standardization Program Office by telephone at 571 767 6688 or email at assisthelp@dla.mil. (4) Nongovernment (voluntary) standards must be obtained from the organization responsible for their preparation, publication, or maintenance. (j) Unique entity identifier.(Applies to all quotes that exceed the micro-purchase threshold, and quotes at or below the micro-purchase threshold if the Request for Quote (RFQ) requires the Contractor to be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM).) The quoter shall enter, in the block with its name and address on the cover page of its offer, the annotation "Unique Entity Identifier" followed by the unique entity identifier that identifies the Quoter"s name and address. The Quoter also shall enter its Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator, if applicable. The EFT indicator is a four-character suffix to the unique entity identifier. The suffix is assigned at the discretion of the Quoter to establish additional SAM records for identifying alternative EFT accounts (see FAR subpart 32.11) for the same entity. If the Quoter does not have a unique entity identifier, it should contact the entity designated at www.sam.gov for unique entity identifier establishment directly to obtain one. The Quoter should indicate that it is an planning to submit a quote for a Government Request for Quote (RFQ) when contacting the entity designated at www.sam.gov for establishing the unique entity identifier. (k) [Reserved] (l) Notification. The CO will not notify unsuccessful quoters that responded to this Request for Quotation (RFQ). (End of provision) FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services: In accordance with RFO FAR 12.201-1 and FAR 12.201-2 when appropriate, the contracting officer may (1)Â Insert the provision atÂ 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial ProductsÂ andÂ Commercial Services, inÂ solicitationsÂ forÂ commercial productsÂ orÂ commercial services. The following are the decision factors: Price and Past Performance Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than 7AM EST, 4/27/26 at kurt.fritz@va.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed above

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d91387941d6c4bd49a3017435d355786/view)