---
layout: default
title: H359--CS | Automatic Transfer Switch Maintenance and Repair
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 178ea3261ce9441291195baa30008bf2
---

# H359--CS | Automatic Transfer Switch Maintenance and Repair

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 13:32:31.593-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25026Q0261
- Awardee: null

## Summary

DESCRIPTION: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. Solicitation Number 36C25026Q0261 is being issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ) and the intent is to award a firm fixed price for Automatic Transfer Switch, Maintenance and Repair services. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-06.Â The requirement is set-aside for a Veterans Owned Small Business for commercial items under the North Atlantic Industrial Classification System (NAICS) 811210 Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance. The FSC/PSC is H359 Inspection Electrical and Electronic Equipment Components. REQUIREMENTS: The Louis Stokes Cleveland VA Medical Center is seeking contractors that can provide maintenance and repair for Automatic Transfer Switches located at the Wade Park facility (10701 East Blvd Cleveland, OH 44106). PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES: This combined synopsis lists one or more clauses by reference with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text (RFO 52.252-2). The provisions at RFO 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items, apply to this acquisition with the following addendum to the provisions of the standard provisions. In accordance with RFO 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Items all offers will be considered under Comparative Analysis. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offer responsible, whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers. Best Value Technical and past performance, when combined, is more important than price. NOTE: The Government reserves the right to award without discussions, vendors shall submit the most favorable terms. Small Businesses are encouraged to contract their nearest Procurement Technical Assistance Center (PTAC) if assistance is needed in preparing their quote. ELECTRONIC INVOICE SUBMISSION: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA Financial Service Center (FSC) is the designated agency office for invoice receipt in accordance with the Prompt Payment Act (5 CFR part 1315). FSC or its designated representative may contact the vendor to provide specific instructions for electronic submission of invoices. The vendor will be responsible for any associated expenses. FSC may utilize third-party contractors to facilitate invoice processing. Prior to contact by FSC or its designated representative for electronic invoicing submissions, the vendor shall continue to submit all invoices to FSC at the following mailing address: Department of Veterans Affairs, Financial Services Center, and PO Box 149971, Austin, TX 78714-8971. Offerors shall complete FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items available for online registration at https://sam.gov/entity-registration or include a written copy with the quote submitted. The clauses that applies to this solicitation are: 52.203-16 PREVENTING PERSONAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 52.204-7 (SAM registration) the successful offeror must be registered with the System Award Management (SAM) to be awarded a contract, you may register easily and quickly on-line at http://www.sam.gov 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition, to include the following addendum to the clause: ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-4 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS COMMERCIAL ITEMS: Clauses that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The following clauses are incorporated into 52.212-4 as an addendum to this contract: 52.217-8 OPTION TO EXTEND SERVICES 52.217-9-OPTION TO EXTEND THE TERM OF THE CONTRACT 52.232-18 AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS 52.237-3 CONTINUITY OF SERVICES 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FAR Number Title Date 52.204-13 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT MAINTENANCE OCT 2018 52.204-18 COMMERCIAL AND GOVERNMENT ENTITY CODE MAINTENANCE AUG 2020 852.242-71 ADMINISTRATIVE CONTRACTING OFFICER OCT 2020 VAAR 852.212-70 PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES APPLICABLE TO VA ACQUISITION OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS VAAR 852.237-70 (Contractor Responsibility) 852.2370-4 (Commercial Advertising). (End of Addendum to 52.212-4) 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition which shall include the following clauses by reference. Clauses: 52.203-6, 52.217-8, 52.217-9, 52.219-4, 52.219-8, 52.219-23 alt1, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-35, 52.222 36, 52.222-37, 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (MAY 2014) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67): This Statement is for Information Only: It is not a Wage Determination. This is for Instruction Only. The Contractor is responsible for the correct title classification of workers and compliance with all DOL applicable wage and hour laws and assume all related risks. The VA is not responsible for wage determinations and classifications. WAGE DETERMINATION LIST: 2015-4727 REVISION NUMBER 28 52.225-3 Alternate I. The preceding Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) clauses and provisions may be accessed on the Internet at http://www.arnet.gov/far. The preceding Veterans Administration (VAAR) clauses and provisions may be accessed on the Internet at http://www.va.gov/oa&mmlvarr/. To receive credit as a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, an offeror must be registered and verified in Vendor Information Pages (VIP) database. (http://www.VetBiz.gov) prior to submitting a quote. EVALUATION CRITERIA The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offer responsible, whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors should be used to evaluate offers: Best Value: Technical and past performance, when combined, is more important than price. WORK REQUIRED BY OTHERS All work required by others shall be identified under this section by the Bidder. 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (NOV 2021) The Government intends to award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible quoter whose quote, conforming to the solicitation, offers the lowest price and whose quote is evaluated to be acceptable under the technical acceptability standard described below. Quotes will be evaluated and ranked by total price, ranging from lowest to highest. The lowest-priced quote will be evaluated as acceptable or unacceptable based on the technical acceptability standard established in the solicitation. In the event the Government determines the lowest price quote to be technically unacceptable, the next lowest-price quote will be evaluated. This process will continue until an award ceremony can be held. To be determined technically acceptable: The quote provided for an evaluation is based on the contractor s ability to meet all requirements of the solicitation and will be considered technically acceptable if they are able to meet all requirements of the solicitation. STATEMENT OF WORK Contract Title Automatic Transfer Switch, Maintenance and Repair Background The Louis Stokes VA Medical Center, Cleveland, Ohio located at 10701 East Boulevard, Cleveland, Ohio 44106, is seeking a qualified contractor to provide all labor, materials, equipment, transportation, and supervision necessary to provide on-site full maintenance and repair of government owned Automatic Transfer Switches. Full maintenance includes on-site maintenance and annual preventative maintenance inspections (PMI s) intended to keep equipment maintained in first class operating condition and must comply with all requirements of the latest revised edition (as of the date bids are taken) of the National Electric Code NFPA70 and Electrical Safety in the Work place NFPA70E, Life Safety Code NFPA 101 and all other applicable laws, regulations, ordinances, codes, etc. Scope Vendor shall provide all labor, materials, equipment, transportation, and supervision necessary to provide on-site full preventative maintenance inspections (PMI s) and intervening service calls for 47 government owned Automatic Transfer Switches located at the Wade Park facility of the Cleveland VA Medical Center, located at 10701 East Blvd., Cleveland, Ohio 44106. Contractor will provide full on-site maintenance and preventative maintenance inspections (PMI s), as specified, on the equipment that follows: This shall include full 24/7 on-call maintenance and minor repair of all Transfer Switches covered under contract. Price is to be quoted at a fixed hourly rate and is to include parts associated with the repair. Automatic Transfer Switch manufacturers include but are not limited to: ASCO, GE, Zenith. Â ATS DESIGNATION SERIAL LOCATION TYPE Transition 1 ATS-1 141861-1 BA-151 BYPASS Open Transition 2 ATS-2 CRSBAC1 1975553 WE BA-151 BYPASS Closed Transition 3 ATS-3 EQSBAC1 141862 BA-151 BYPASS Delay Transition 4 ATS-4 EQSBAC2 1597882 BA-151 BYPASS Delay Transition 5 ATS-5 2394370-001WE BD-412A BYPASS Closed Transition 6 ATS-6 DPHKB1 EQ 546210 WE BF-458 BYPASS Open Transition 7 ATS-7 DPHKB1 LS 530199 RE BF-458 NON BYPASS Open Transition 8 ATS-8 2394371-001WE BD-412A BYPASS Closed Transition 9 ATS-11 668361001 105 BYPASS Open Transition 10 ATS-12 713077001 105 BYPASS Open Transition 11 ATS-13 668361-002FP 105 BYPASS Open Transition 12 ATS-14 ELE72 197818 7000 PH NON BYPASS Open Transition 13 ATS-15 1656995 WE BE-601 BYPASS Closed Transition 14 ATS-16 DPNB1 CR 271685 FP BE-261 BYPASS Open Transition 15 ATS-17 DPNB1 EQ 268904 FP BE-261 BYPASS Delay Transition 16 ATS-18 DPNB1 LS 268903 FP BE-261 NON BYPASS Open Transition 17 ATS-19 DPNB1 CATH 282767 FP BE-261 BYPASS Open Transition 18 ATS-20 422369 WE 2B-900 BYPASS Open Transition 19 ATS-21 SBMW1 EQ 422514WE 2D-900 BYPASS Open Transition 20 ATS-22 2394372-001 WE BD-412A BYPASS Closed Transition 21 ATS-23 HBCR1 506511-002WE BD-422 BYPASS Open Transition 22 ATS-24 HBLS1 506512 WE BD-422 BYPASS Open Transition 23 ATS-25 HBEQ1 506511-001WE BD-422 BYPASS Open Transition 24 ATS-26 DPHL72-EQ 1259263 WE BD-424 BYPASS Closed Transition 25 ATS-30 1573577 BD-424 BYPASS Closed Transition 26 ATS-33 CATS1 504834-001 WE 1F-192B BYPASS Closed Transition 27 ATS-34 CATS2 504834-002 WE 1F-192B BYPASS Closed Transition 28 ATS-35 LATS 504835-001 WE 1F-192B BYPASS Closed Transition 29 ATS-36 EATS1 504835-002 WE 1F-192A BYPASS Closed Transition 30 ATS-37 EATS2 492315 WE PF-105 BYPASS Closed Transition 31 ATS-38 EATS3 492314 WE PF-105 BYPASS Closed Transition 32 ATS-39 LS1 600186-002 WE LAB WH PENTHOUSE BYPASS Open Transition 33 ATS-40 C2 600186-001 WE LAB WH PENTHOUSE BYPASS Open Transition 34 ATS-41 TELEDATA-ATS 1005140 WE 2B-502 BYPASS Open Transition 35 ATS-42 RAD2ATSG1 503355 WE 2B-502 BYPASS Open Transition 36 ATS-43 606154 WE 7TH FLOOR PH BYPASS Open Transition 37 ATS-44 606153 WE 7TH FLOOR PH BYPASS Open Transition 38 ATS-45 606152-001 WE 7TH FLOOR PH BYPASS Open Transition 39 ATS-46 606152-002 WE 7TH FLOOR PH BYPASS Open Transition 40 ATS-47 C3 53381 LAB WH PENTHOUSE NON ASCO - EATON Unknown 41 ATS-48 CR1 1648909-1 2F-501D PENTHOUSE NON ASCO - ABB/ZENEITH Unknown 42 ATS-49 RADBATSC1 1023891 WE BA-551 BYPASS Open Transition 43 ATS-50 RADBATSG1 1058375 WE BA-551 BYPASS Open Transition 44 ATS-51 1259264 RE BE-601 NON BYPASS Open Transition 45 ATS-52 1259265 RE BE-601 NON BYPASS Open Transition 46 ATS-65 1265363 WE BE-603 BYPASS Closed Transition 47 MTS-1 / EC3B 1684822 WE BE-603 NON BYPASS - MANUAL TRANSFER SWITCH Open Transition INSPECTION OF EQUIPMENT AND CONDITIONS AT JOB SITE Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Prior to bidding, it shall be the responsibility of the bidder to visit the job site and inspect each ATS to establish to his satisfaction the condition of the ATS equipment to be maintained and any other conditions affecting the work to be performed, this includes ATSs that are of different manufactures. This equipment is offered in an "as is" condition.Â No claim shall be allowed for correction of deficiencies claimed to exist prior to award of contract. Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â WIRING DIAGRAMS Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Contractor shall provide the Department of Veterans Affairs with a set of reproducible wiring diagrams covering all changes, modifications, etc., which take place during the contract term.Â These reproducible wiring diagrams are to be furnished to the Department of Veterans Affairs immediately following modifications. PERFORMANCE REPORTS Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â At the end of each three hundred and sixty (360) day period the Contractor shall provide the VA Point of Contact (POC) a report of performance to review performance and scheduled major repairs contemplated during the next three hundred sixty (360) day period.Â The Contractor shall submit written work orders and performance reports, and invoices no later than seven days at the end of each equipment service date during the twelve (12) month period. SCHEDULED MAINTENANCE Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â All preventive maintenance performed by the Contractor shall be scheduled on each Automatic transfer switch by a certified and licensed ATS contractor prior to commencement of the contract and subject to final approval of the Department of Veterans Affairs POC. All service inspections and maintenance shall take place at the beginning of the month to allow the proper documentation to be included in that month s PMs. If any ATS maintenance and/or repair work is performed outside of normal working hours, only the bonus portion of the overtime hours work will be billed. Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â The preventive maintenance schedule, as prepared by the Contractor, shall show Department of Veterans Affairs name, ATS serial numbers, examination frequency, examination hours and be keyed to a preventive maintenance schedule prepared for the specific equipment covered by this specification. Number of ATSs, serial numbers, line and load locations is outlined in the Automatic Transfer Switches section. Examine: The Contractor shall examine the equipment on a regular interval as set forth above. When, as a result of an examination, corrective action is found to be the responsibility of the Contractor, the Contractor shall proceed immediately to make (or cause to be made) replacements, repairs and corrections.Â When such work is determined not to be the Contractor's responsibility, a written report, signed by the Contractor, shall be delivered to the Department of Veterans Affairs for further action. Items of an emergency nature shall be communicated to the Department of Veterans Affairs immediately and followed up in written form. Examinations of the equipment shall follow the basic procedures recognized by the transfer switch service industry. Clean: The Contractor shall clean all equipment and its surroundings before exiting the area. Cleaning of the equipment shall occur annually to maintain a professional appearance and preserve the life of the equipment.Â Paint: The Contractor shall maintain a professional appearance, prevent rusting, and preserve the equipment. All paint should be suitable for the purpose intended and be of a high quality.Â Application of the paint shall, in all circumstances, comply with applicable local codes and/or current ANSI codes. Lubricate: The Contractor shall lubricate all moving parts of the equipment.Â Lubricants shall be applied at intervals recommended by the equipment manufacturer or as dictated through use of the equipment.Â All lubricants shall be suitable for the purpose intended and shall meet or exceed the minimum requirements specified by the manufacturer of the equipment to which the lubricant is applied. Adjust: The Contractor shall adjust the equipment.Â Adjustments shall be made as necessary and when the operation of the equipment varies from its normal or originally designed performance standards, because of normal wear and use.Â Qualified individuals properly trained and equipped with tools and instruments, and employees of the awarded Contractor shall make adjustments.Â Adjustments shall be made at regular intervals frequent enough to maintain the Automatic Transfer Switch in optimum operating condition. Parts or assemblies which have worn (or otherwise deteriorated) beyond "normal" adjustment limits shall be replaced as provided for under the "Replace" and/or "Repair" section of this specification. Replace: The Contractor shall, when required, "replace" items covered under the contract during the course of scheduled preventive maintenance when in the reasonable opinion of Department of Veterans Affairs such replacement will prevent an unscheduled shutdown and/or ensure the continued normal operation of the automatic transfer switch or which otherwise will extend the useful life of the ATS.Â All replacements shall be made using original manufacturers parts or Department of Veterans Affairs approved equal. Repairs: Repairs which are the responsibility of the Contractor: Repairs shall be made by the Contractor to ATS components covered by the agreement.Â The Contractor shall make (or cause to be made) all repairs made necessary due to normal wear and use of the ATS system.Â All repairs performed by the Contractor shall be completed in a timely manner and considered as repaired/rebuilt to like new condition.Â No parts or equipment covered under this agreement may be permanently removed from the job site without written approval by the Department of Veterans Affairs. Repairs which are the responsibility of the Department of Veterans Affairs: Repairs shall be made by the Contractor, when authorized by the Department of Veterans Affairs where such repairs are not included in the contract.Â The Contractor shall make (or cause to be made) all repairs made necessary for any reason during the term of the contract.Â The Contractor shall supply all labor, materials, and supplies at the Contractor's usual billing rates.Â Upon completion of all repair work, the Contractor shall submit to the Department of Veterans Affairs for payment an invoice detailing the nature of the work performed and related charges.Â The repair billing rate shall be set forth in the bid document. Prior to any repairs being made by the Contractor, the Contractor shall submit a written proposal to the Department of Veterans Affairs to obtain formal approval to proceed. Callback Service: The ATS Contractor shall provide a 24/7 Answering/Call Center for emergency response at no additional charge to the government. Additionally, Emergency callback service shall be provided between the hours of 6:00 AM and 6:00 PM at no additional charge to the government. For the purpose of this specification, a "callback" is a request from the Department of Veterans Affairs to the Contractor, requesting the Contractor to report to a specific ATS to correct any ATS problem and/or condition, which in the Owner/Manager's opinion needs attention before the Contractor's next scheduled preventive maintenance visit. Lamp and Signal Replacements shall be performed during on-the-spot maintenance visits. Emergency service during overtime working hours. The Contractor shall provide 24-hour callback service. Should an Authorized Representative of the Department of Veterans Affairs request Emergency callback service outside of the normal working hours, the Contractor shall respond to an overtime callback within four (4) hours of the time reported to the Contractor. SPECIFIC TASKS Task 1 - Onsite Service and Repair Requirement is for full service, twenty-four (24) hours per day, seven (7) days per week, including federal holidays. Performance of Service: All work shall be performed by competent personnel, experienced and qualified to work on specific equipment. Contractor shall arrive on-site in response to intervening emergency service calls within four (4) hours after a telephone call is placed by the COR, or designated Engineering Representative. All work performed shall be accomplished in accordance with manufacturer s instructions, including, but not limited to, adjustments, calibrations, cleaning, lubrication, testing, disassembly, replacement of worn or defective parts, firmware and programming updates etc., necessary to keep the equipment in first-class operating condition. Automatic Transfer Switches shall include various manufactured brands. A list of transfer switches and locations shall be provided upon the award of contract. The list of transfer switches to be covered under this contract may change throughout the course of the multi-year agreement. Any change to the inventory list will be amended in the contract by a modification signed by both the contracting officer and contractor. For repairs or services performed during normal work hours, 7:00am to 3:30pm at the Wade Park facility, the contractor shall report to the Electric Shop, Room BE-440 (basement). The contractor shall sign in and obtain a badge and return the badge at the end of the day. After all the work is completed, the contractor shall again report in person to the rooms listed above and submit a written service report outlining the services performed and completed to include door locations and parts used. For services performed after normal work hours, the contractor shall report to the Boiler Plant 1D-480 (first floor). After all work is completed, the contractor shall again report in person to the Boiler Plant and submit the same report required above. Safety: Contractor s maintenance of equipment shall satisfy all requirements as set forth by the Department of Health Education and Welfare, National Fire and Protection Agency (NFPA), Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospital Organizations (JCAHO) and the state of Ohio. Parts: All necessary parts shall be included under this contract up to $2,000.00 per emergency service repair or annual inspection. New or rebuilt parts shall be furnished by the contractor. All parts shall be of current manufacture and have versatility with presently installed equipment. All newly installed replacement parts become the property of the Government. Replaced parts are to be disposed of by the contractor after obtaining approval from the COR. Operating and consumable supplies are not a part of this contract. Test Equipment: The Wade Park VA Medical Center will not furnish and/or test equipment for the performance of this contract. It is the responsibility of the contractor to bring the appropriate equipment and/or supplies necessary to complete the work required herein. Task 2 - Annual Preventative Maintenance Contractors should provide annual preventative maintenance inspections (PMI s) on each automatic transfer switch included in the maintenance agreement. Contractors shall be required to coordinate annual preventative maintenance with the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) no later than September of each year. Annual PM shall be completed during normal working hours in November of each year. Upon PM completion, functional transfer switch test with generator operation will be conducted to fully demonstrate all transfer switches function properly Functional test will take place before normal working hours at 5am, or after normal working hours after 7pm. Annual PM inspection reports shall be submitted to COR No Later Than 14 days after PM inspection completion. Transfer Switch report shall indicate individual units pass or fail along with any recommended corrective action follow-up. PMIs shall be performed in accordance with the manufacturer s instructions and should include: Minimum Scope of maintenance and required PM Checklist: Scope of Task for Maintenance Work Transfer Switch Status De-energized Energized 1 De-energize the switchgear and engine start signals. Yes No 2 Secure and lockout normal and emergency disconnects. Yes No 3 Remove the arc chutes and pole covers. Yes No 4 Verify and record all sensing and time delay functions in the switchgear. Yes Yes 5 Vacuums clean the accumulated dust from the switchgear and accessory panels. Yes Yes 6 Inspect for moisture or signs of previous wetness or dripping. Yes Yes 7 Remove dirt and grime with an approved solvent. Yes Yes 8 Clean and lubricate TS coil and operator linkage. Yes Yes 9 Inspect all insulating parts for cracks or discoloration due to excessive heat. Yes As Allowed 10 Inspect all main arcing contacts for excessive erosion. Yes Meter 11 Inspect all main current carrying contacts for pitting and discoloration due to excessive heat. Yes Yes 12 Perform contact resistance test on normal and emergency main contacts. Yes Meter 13 Inspect and clean all add-on panels and accessories. Yes Yes 14 Inspect and clean all add-on panels and accessories. Yes Yes 15 Re-install arc chutes and pole covers. Yes N/A 16 Manually operate the main transfer movement to check proper contact alignment, deflection gap and wiping action and control contact operation. Yes No 17 Check all cable and control wire connections to the transfer switch control and sensing panel Yes Controls Only 18 Reconnect Engine Start. Yes N/A 19 Re-energize the switchgear and conduct a test by simulating a normal source failure. Yes As Allowed 20 Perform millivolt drop readings across normal and emergency main contacts during transfer Yes Yes 21 Prepare Computer Generated Report of inspection for each piece of equipment and submit Yes Yes Task 3 - Additional requirements as follows, but not limited to: All work to be performed by an ASCO factory authorized field service engineer. Vendor to be an ASCO factory authorized dealer. Priority emergency service response. Emergency Service Calls at no additional charge Discounts on replacement parts. Direct access to OEM repair parts. Prompt notification of factory upgrades and new product releases. Access to the ASCO Services Emergency Stock of replacement transfer switches located strategically throughout the U.S. Computer generated service reports for all covered equipment. Within fourteen (14) calendar days after the award, and prior to performing any services on the equipment, the contractor shall furnish two (2) copies of its preventative maintenance procedures/checklist which will be used during the preventative maintenance services of this contract. The contractor will have fourteen (14) days to make necessary corrections or adjustments identified during preventative maintenance check. The contractor shall provide written documentation of corrective action taken to repair items identified during preventative maintenance checks. The contractor shall provide full maintenance and repair services to keep all transfer switches in premier operational condition. Service calls shall be placed to the contractor who is to arrive on site to begin maintenance or repair work within four (4) hours of receiving the call. DELIVERABLES Upon completion of annual PM, the contractor will provide a completed PM checklist to the COR indicating pass or failure for each transfer switch covered by this scope of work by the dates listed above. SOW Task# Deliverable Title Format Number Calendar Days After CO Start 1 Service and Repair Requests submitted by COR N/A Within 4 hours of call. 2 Annual Inspection Report COR provided checklist Emailed copy to COR NLT 14 days after inspection PERFORMANCE MONITORING COR will ensure inspection reports are completed timely and uploaded into the VA maintenance records. Performance monitoring will be conducted through QASP. CHECK-IN REQUIREMENTS The Contractor Service Personnel and/or representative must report to the appropriate department Supervisor or designated point of contact (POC) to sign in with department staff before work begins. Upon completion of work, the Contractor Service Personnel and/or representative must report to the appropriate department to sign out. SECURITY REQUIREMENTS The C&A requirements do not apply, and a Security Accreditation Package is not required. Dedicated personnel will be assigned solely to observe, interact, assist, and ensure protection of VA sensitive information. Contractor employees providing services at VA facilities may undergo a security clearance in the form of a basic background investigation.Â General Security Contractors, contractor personnel, subcontractors, and subcontractor personnel shall be subject to the same Federal laws, regulations, standards, and VA Directives and Handbooks as VA and VA personnel regarding information and information system security. VA Information Custodial Language 11.1. Information made available to the contractor or subcontractor by VA for the performance or administration of this contract or information developed by the contractor/subcontractor in performance or administration of the contract shall be used only for those purposes and shall not be used in any other way without the prior written agreement of the VA. This clause expressly limits the contractor/subcontractor's rights to use data as described in Rights in Data - General, FAR 52.227-14(d) (1). 11.2. The contractor/subcontractor must store, transport, or transmit VA sensitive information in an encrypted form, using VA-approved encryption tools that are, at a minimum, FIPS 140-2 validated. Government-Furnished Equipment (GFE)/Government-Furnished Information (GFI) No government furnished equipment will be issued to complete the requirements of this contract. Other Pertinent Information or Special Considerations The awarded contractor must be able to access and source the necessary repair parts, hardware, software, firmware and programming for all automatic transfer switches installed within Louis Stokes VAMC. a. Identification of Possible Follow-on Work. Any additional repair or replacement work required outside this contract will require contractor to submit a quote to COR and receive an approved PO before beginning work. b. Identification of Potential Conflicts of Interest (COI). None c. Identification of Non-Disclosure Requirements. Not Applicable d. Packaging, Packing and Shipping Instructions. None e. Inspection and Acceptance Criteria. Contractor will be responsible for meeting timelines listed in this SOW to include annual inspection, inspection reports, and response to service calls. RISK CONTROL Work performed within the medical center may present health risks including exposure to illness and infection control. Contractor will take action to recognize and follow warning information throughout the facility. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Louis Stokes VA Medical Center 10701 East Blvd Cleveland, Ohio 44106 QUALITY ASSURANCE SURVEILLANCE PLAN (QASP) 1. PURPOSE This Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP) provides a systematic method to evaluate performance for the stated contract. This QASP explains the following: What will be monitored. Automatic Transfer Switch Annual Inspection Automatic Transfer Switch Maintenance and Repair Service call response. How monitoring will take place. Facility Automatic Transfer Switch equipment list will be provided to contractor for equipment information and location. COR will provide COR with inspection checklists at beginning of each inspection. Contractor will complete inspection and checklist. Contractor will return checklist to COR no later than 14 days after the inspection...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: April Fawley
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: april.fawley@va.gov
  - Phone: 734-222-4360

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/178ea3261ce9441291195baa30008bf2/view)