---
layout: default
title: REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) - Outdoor Static Model Display Refurbishment
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 4f15ef58a718472b9c7a83518fb4e219
---

# REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) - Outdoor Static Model Display Refurbishment

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 13:53:15.182-04
- Solicitation Number: FA860126Q0023

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation AFLCMC/PZI Installation Contracting Support Wright Patterson AFB, OH 45323 Date: 16 March 2026 Title: Outdoor Static Model Display Request for Quote (RFQ) / Solicitation Number: FA860126Q0023 Quotes Due: 15 April 2026 at 3:00 PM ET Contact Point(s): Amanda Hoyng, Contract Specialist; amanda.hoyng@us.af.mil Contact Point(s): Tracy Ferrise, Contracting Officer; tracy.ferrise@us.af.mil 1. Description: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This notice is expected to result in award of a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) purchase order for a commercial service to the responsible offeror who submits a quotation that: (1) conforms to the requirements, (2) complies with the minimum requirements stated in the Performance Work Statement (PWS) as evidenced by providing a complete description of the service provided, and (3) that submits the quotation with the lowest price technically acceptable, provided that the price is determined to be fair and reasonable. This requirement shall be solicited as a 100% small business set-aside under NAICS 339999 with a size standard of 550 Employees. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The Government reserves the right to conduct interchanges with some, none, or all offerors, or make no award at all depending upon 1) the quality of quotations received, and 2) whether proposed prices are determined to be fair and reasonable. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs. 2. Requirement: Services to refurbish six (6) outdoor aircraft static display models in accordance with the PWS. CLIN Supplies/Service Quantity Unit Unit Price Total Amount 0001 Outdoor static model display refurbishment 1 Each 3. Period of Performance: Contractor shall complete all work by 30 September 2026. 4. Request for Information (RFIs): The Government will accept questions concerning solicitation number FA860126Q0023 until 10 April 2026 at 3:00PM ET. Email your questions on a .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx document to tracy.ferrise@us.af.mil and amanda.hoyng@us.af.mil. Any questions received after this date and time may not be considered. 5. Quotes Due Date: Quotes must be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist via e-mail at amanda.hoyng@us.af.mil and Contracting Officer at tracy.ferrise@us.af.mil. Quotes must conform to the requirements of this solicitation and be received no later than 15 April 2026 at 3:00 PM ET. It is the responsibility of the offeror to ensure that the quote and its attachments are received. Any correspondence sent via e-mail must contain the subject line “FA860126Q0023, Outdoor Model Static Display” The entire quotation must be contained in a single e-mail that does not exceed 5 megabytes including attachments, if any. E-mails with compressed files are not permitted. Note that e-mail filters at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base are designed to filter e-mails without subject lines or with suspicious subject lines or contents (i.e., .exe or .zip files). Therefore, if the specified subject line is not included, the e-mail may not get through the e-mail filters. Also be advised that .zip or .exe files are not allowable attachments and may be deleted by the email filters at Wright-Patterson. If sending attachments with email, ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx documents are sent. The email filter may delete any other form of attachments. If a DoDSafe drop off is needed, please notify the contract specialist or contracting officer at least 48 hours before quotes are due. Any quotes received after designated closing date and time need not be considered. All quotes shall be in whole dollars and conform to the Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) structure of attached solicitation. 6. Notice to Vendor(s): All vendors must complete and submit the 'Required Information Sheet' attached to the solicitation. Additionally, quotations that contain pricing only with no description/detail of the supply/service that will be provided will not be accepted or considered for award. 7. Period of Acceptance of Quotes: Offeror agrees to hold prices in its quote firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. 8. SAM Registration: Firms submitting a quote for the solicitation described herein MUST be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database, or risk the quote as being non-responsive, regardless of the package being considered complete, timely or any other salient consideration. Information to register on SAM can be found at the web site, SAM.gov. 9. Provisions and Clauses: See solicitation attachment for applicable provisions and clauses that apply to this acquisition. NOTE: In accordance with provision 252.204-7997(g), the offeror's quote submission legally binds and certifies that its SAM registration is current, complete, accurate, and has been updated within the preceding 12 months as of the offer's date. 10. NIST 800-171 Self-Assessment All companies MUST have a completed and current (not more than three (3) years old) NIST Assessment with a score of at least 110 in the Supplier Performance Risk Assessment system to be eligible for this contract. If the score is below 110, a mitigation plan must be submitted as part of the proposal. List of Attachments: Solicitation Performance Work Statement Required Information Sheet

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Amanda Hoyng
  - Email: amanda.hoyng@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Tracy Ferrise
  - Email: tracy.ferrise@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: applicable provisions and clauses that apply to this acquisition. NOTE: In accordance with provision 252.204-7997(g), the offeror"s quote submission legally binds and certifies that its SAM registration is current, complete, accurate, and has been updated within the preceding 12 months as of the offer"s date. 10. NIST 800-171 Self-Assessment All companies MUST have a completed and current (not more than three (3) years old) NIST Assessment with a score of at least 110 in the Supplier Performance Risk Assessment system to be eligible for this contract. If the score is below 110, a mitigation plan must be submitted as part of the proposal. List of Attachments: Solicitation Performance Work Statement Required Information Sheet

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4f15ef58a718472b9c7a83518fb4e219/view)