---
layout: default
title: Spent Fuel Shipment
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 161e373dc77a49b6962823ffb0bb6857
---

# Spent Fuel Shipment

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-06 09:14:54.633-05
- Solicitation Number: NIST-SS26-80

## Summary

NIST-SS26-80 PLEASE NOTE THIS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY Title: Spent Fuel Shipment BACKGROUND The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Center for Neutron Research (NCNR) owns and operates a 20 MW test reactor called the National Bureau of Standards Reactor (NBSR). The NBSR is located on the NIST campus in Gaithersburg, Maryland, USA. The NBSR is a heavy water D2O-cooled and moderated reactor. The purpose of the NBSR is to provide high intensity neutron beams for the pursuit of scientific research. The NBSR is fueled by 30 highly enriched fuel elements. During the course of a year, it produces approximately 28 spent fuel elements. The fuel elements are made up of Uranium Oxide Materials Testing Reactor (MTR) type dispersion fuel plates. There are two, 13-inch-tall stacks of fuel plates lodged in every fuel element with a gap of 6 inches between them. The fueled regions can be separated from the rest of the fuel element using an underwater saw, which allows the parts of the fuel assembly that contain no uranium to be treated as radioactive waste of a much lower classification than the parts containing highly radioactive uranium. The fueled piece measurements are 13.5 in x 3.5 in x 3 in. In order to be in accordance with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC), NIST has to transfer its spent fuel to the Department of Energy (DOE) Savannah River Site (SRS) near Aiken, South Carolina. The goal of this project is for a qualified contractor to provide packaging (cask(s) under a valid Certificate of Compliance issued by the NRC certified for use with MTR type spent fuel) and shipping services (truck transportation in accordance with all relevant regulations) of spent fuel elements (Uranium Oxide Materials Testing Reactor type dispersion fuel plates) from the NCNR to DOE-SRS. The requirements include development of a Transportation Security plan, detailing the risks associated with transportation, how the Contractor plans to mitigate those risks, and proposed security measure the Contractor plans to use during shipment. The Contractor will be responsible for providing all tools and equipment for loading the fuel stacks into the cask(s) and determining how the stacks will be moved to the cask(s). The Contractor will be responsible for all administration of all relationships with the individual State Authorities regarding passage and escort of the shipment, including coordination of all clearances, checkpoints, permits, etc. The Contractor shall organize the route from Gaithersburg to DOE-SRS and manage all interactions with federal, state, and local authorities. They shall also provide for all necessary security measures while on the road. HOW TO RESPOND TO THIS NOTICE In responding to this notice, please DO NOT PROVIDE PROPRIETARY INFORMATION. Please include only the following information, readable in either Microsoft Word 365, Microsoft Excel 365, or .pdf format, in the response. Submit the response by email to the Primary Point of Contact and, if specified, to the Secondary Point of Contact listed at the bottom of this notice as soon as possible, and preferably before the closing date and time of this notice. • Provide the complete name of your company, address, name of contact for follow-up questions, their email, their phone number and, if your company has an active registration in https://sam.gov, your company’s Unique Entity ID (UEI). • Details about what your company is capable of providing that meets or exceeds NIST’s minimum requirements and its past experience with design and manufacture of magneto-resistive sensors. Any relevant past performance. • Identify any aspects of the description of the requirements in the BACKGROUND section above that could be viewed as unduly restrictive or create unnecessary barriers that adversely affect your firm’s ability to fully participate in a procurement for such services and explain why. Please offer suggestions for how the requirements could be organized or structured to encourage the participation of small businesses. • For the NAICS code o Indicate whether your company is (a) a small business or (b) other than small business. See the Table of Small Business Size Standards and the associated .pdf download file for small business size standards and additional information. o If you believe the NAICS and/or Product Service Code code listed in this notice is not the best NAICS code for the type of product addressed in this notice, identify an alternative NAICS/PSC code that you believe would be more appropriate for the planned procurement. • If your firm has existing Federal Supply Schedule contract(s) or other contracts for products or services against which the Department may be able to place orders, identify the contract number(s) and other relevant information. • Describe your firm’s experience (as a prime, subcontractor, or consultant) providing the products or services described in Background section. • Provide any other information that you believe would be valuable for the Government to know as part of its market research for this requirement. • Please let us know if you would like to engage to get a better understanding of the requirement or need additional information about the Government’s requirement for the products or services described in the Background section. QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS NOTICE Questions regarding this notice may be submitted via email to the Primary Point of Contact listed in this notice. Questions should be submitted so that they are received by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on March 11, 2026. Questions will be anonymized and answered via sources sought notice amendment following the question submission deadline. IMPORTANT NOTES The information received in response to this notice will be reviewed and considered so that the NIST may appropriately solicit for its requirements in the near future. This notice should not be construed as a commitment by the NIST to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. This notice is not a request for a quotation. Responses will not be considered as proposals or quotations. No award will be made as a result of this notice. NIST is not responsible for any costs incurred by the respondents to this notice. NIST reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and appropriate. Thank you for taking the time to submit a response to this request.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Cielo Ibarra
  - Email: cielo.ibarra@nist.gov

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/161e373dc77a49b6962823ffb0bb6857/view