---
layout: default
title: Repair Waterfront – Phase 2 at USCG Station Portsmouth Harbor (New Castle, New Hampshire)
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 36e49299166e4ebcbd9fdcf5ffedd5be
---

# Repair Waterfront – Phase 2 at USCG Station Portsmouth Harbor (New Castle, New Hampshire)

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 10:37:49.163-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z0G126BSNNE8241

## Summary

USCG CEU PROVIDENCE Solicitation Number: 70Z0G126BSNNE8241 Amendment 0001 - 14 April 2026- Amendment 0001 provides a copy of the pre-bid site visit sign-in sheet (Attachment 6), for Solicitation #70Z0G126BSNNE8241 (see full amendment included in attachments section for all information and documents) Project Title: Repair Waterfront – Phase 2 at USCG Station Portsmouth Harbor, New Castle, New Hampshire Solicitation issued as an Invitation for Bid (IFB) and 100% Total Small Business Set-Aside. All documents for the solicitation are available at https://sam.gov/. Description of Work: The project consists of (1) base bid and (2) options. Base Bid Item: RPUID 816511, Bulkheads – North Quay Wall: Work includes chinking and repointing the quay wall. RPUID 816511, Bulkheads – North Quay Wall/RPUID 9383, Paving: Work includes repairing sinkholes/voids in the dumpster pad area at the east of the quay wall, including partial demolition and removal of the concrete slab and debris, excavation and installation of a concrete closure wall, backfill, and placement of base course and bituminous pavement. RPUID 816511, Bulkheads – North Quay Wall/RPUID 810801 Fence/RPUID 858649 Waterfront Fence: Work includes removing and replacing the existing fence on the north quay wall, along the limits of repairs. RPUID 816511, Bulkheads - South Quay Wall: Work includes repairing the east wall with interim stone berm, repairing voids in the face of the quay wall, and repairing a sinkhole behind the quay wall. RPUID 857029, Rip-rap: Work includes restoring the north rip-rap revetment. RPUID 857029, Rip-rap/RPUID 9383, Paving: Work includes repairing sinkhole/voids in the west parking area just behind the north revetment, including partial demolition and removal of the existing pavement, backfill, and placement of base course and bituminous pavement. RPUID 857029, Rip-rap/RPUID 810801 Fence/RPUID 858649 Waterfront Fence: Work includes removing and replacing the existing fence at the top of the north revetment, along the limits of repairs. RPUID 50109, Wave Screen: Work includes recoating guide piles from mean-low water to the top of the piles, replacing a broken cleat, and installing sacrificial anodes. RPUID 848538, Floating Dock - Boathouse: Work includes installing a new timber floating dock to replace the previous concrete floating dock that was damaged during a storm and has been removed from the site. Option Bid Item 1: RPUID 816511, Bulkheads - South Quay Wall: Option item includes providing a riprap revetment as an extension to the west end of the existing south quay wall, to fill in lower-elevation areas of the adjacent ledge outcropping. Option Bid Item #2: RPUID 50109, Wave screen/Float dock: Option item includes installing high density polyethylene (HDPE) pile sleeves on the existing steel pile piles. All work shall be accomplished in accordance with the project specifications (PSN 16654142), project drawings, all local, State, and Federal Codes. and all required permitting NAICS Code: 237990 -- Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction SBA Size Standard: $45.0 Million Construction Magnitude: The magnitude of this construction project is between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000 IAW FAR 36.204. Product Service Code (PSC): Z2PZ IMPORTANT DATES & DEADLINES: Bid Due Date: 29 April 2026 at 2:00PM EST Request for Information (RFI)/Questions Due Date: 14 April 2026 at 2:00PM EST Site Visit Date: 8 April 2026 at 11:00AM EST (see page 94 of solicitation for site visit details) Contract Completion Date (CCD): The CCD for the base bid is 189 calendar days from issuance of Notice to Proceed. *If options 1 & 2 are exercised the Contract Completion Date will be extended as such: - Option Bid Item 1 – 7 Additional Calendar Days ; - Option Bid Item 2 – 14 Additional Calendar Days Bid guarantee required. Submit in writing all questions regarding the solicitation to the Point of Contact (POC): Cam Ormiston at Cameron.h.ormiston@uscg.mil Potential bidders must be currently registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for award. (See internet site https://www.sam.gov) NOTE: THE GOVERNMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CANCEL THIS SOLICITATION EITHER BEFORE OR AFTER THE CLOSING DATE. NO REIMBURSEMENT WILL BE MADE FOR ANY COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH PROVIDING INFORMATION IN RESPONSE TO THIS SOLICITATION NOTICE OR ANY FOLLOW-UP INFORMATION REQUEST. (End of Solicitation Notice)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Cam Ormiston
  - Email: cameron.h.ormiston@uscg.mil
  - Phone: 4017361731

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , for Solicitation #70Z0G126BSNNE8241 (see full amendment included in attachments section for all information and documents) Project Title: Repair Waterfront – Phase 2 at USCG Station Portsmouth Harbor, New Castle, New Hampshire Solicitation issued as an Invitation for Bid (IFB) and 100% Total Small Business Set-Aside. All documents for the solicitation are available at https://sam.gov/. Description of Work: The project consists of (1) base bid and (2) options. Base Bid Item: RPUID 816511, Bulkheads – North Quay Wall: Work includes chinking and repointing the quay wall. RPUID 816511, Bulkheads – North Quay Wall/RPUID 9383, Paving: Work includes repairing sinkholes/voids in the dumpster pad area at the east of the quay wall, including partial demolition and removal of the concrete slab and debris, excavation and installation of a concrete closure wall, backfill, and placement of base course and bituminous pavement. RPUID 816511, Bulkheads – North Quay Wall/RPUID 810801 Fence/RPUID 858649 Waterfront Fence: Work includes removing and replacing the existing fence on the north quay wall, along the limits of repairs. RPUID 816511, Bulkheads - South Quay Wall: Work includes repairing the east wall with interim stone berm, repairing voids in the face of the quay wall, and repairing a sinkhole behind the quay wall. RPUID 857029, Rip-rap: Work includes restoring the north rip-rap revetment. RPUID 857029, Rip-rap/RPUID 9383, Paving: Work includes repairing sinkhole/voids in the west parking area just behind the north revetment, including partial demolition and removal of the existing pavement, backfill, and placement of base course and bituminous pavement. RPUID 857029, Rip-rap/RPUID 810801 Fence/RPUID 858649 Waterfront Fence: Work includes removing and replacing the existing fence at the top of the north revetment, along the limits of repairs. RPUID 50109, Wave Screen: Work includes recoating guide piles from mean-low water to the top of the piles, replacing a broken cleat, and installing sacrificial anodes. RPUID 848538, Floating Dock - Boathouse: Work includes installing a new timber floating dock to replace the previous concrete floating dock that was damaged during a storm and has been removed from the site. Option Bid Item 1: RPUID 816511, Bulkheads - South Quay Wall: Option item includes providing a riprap revetment as an extension to the west end of the existing south quay wall, to fill in lower-elevation areas of the adjacent ledge outcropping. Option Bid Item #2: RPUID 50109, Wave screen/Float dock: Option item includes installing high density polyethylene (HDPE) pile sleeves on the existing steel pile piles. All work shall be accomplished in accordance with the project specifications (PSN 16654142), project drawings, all local, State, and Federal Codes. and all required permitting NAICS Code: 237990 -- Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction SBA Size Standard: $45.0 Million Construction Magnitude: The magnitude of this construction project is between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000 IAW FAR 36.204. Product Service Code (PSC): Z2PZ IMPORTANT DATES & DEADLINES: Bid Due Date: 29 April 2026 at 2:00PM EST Request for Information (RFI)/Questions Due Date: 14 April 2026 at 2:00PM EST Site Visit Date: 8 April 2026 at 11:00AM EST (see page 94 of solicitation for site visit details) Contract Completion Date (CCD): The CCD for the base bid is 189 calendar days from issuance of Notice to Proceed. *If options 1 & 2 are exercised the Contract Completion Date will be extended as such: - Option Bid Item 1 – 7 Additional Calendar Days ; - Option Bid Item 2 – 14 Additional Calendar Days Bid guarantee required. Submit in writing all questions regarding the solicitation to the Point of Contact (POC): Cam Ormiston at Cameron.h.ormiston@uscg.mil Potential bidders must be currently registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for award. (See internet site https://www.sam.gov) NOTE: THE GOVERNMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CANCEL THIS SOLICITATION EITHER BEFORE OR AFTER THE CLOSING DATE. NO REIMBURSEMENT WILL BE MADE FOR ANY COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH PROVIDING INFORMATION IN RESPONSE TO THIS SOLICITATION NOTICE OR ANY FOLLOW-UP INFORMATION REQUEST. (End of Solicitation Notice)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/36e49299166e4ebcbd9fdcf5ffedd5be/view)