---
layout: default
title: AVID Technology Inc. Edit Suite
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: e7e4f732f25843e98d469a3de779369b
---

# AVID Technology Inc. Edit Suite

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-16 10:47:35.71-04
- Solicitation Number: 75N98026Q00211

## Summary

Title: AVID Technology Edit Suite Support contract (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number is 75N98026Q00211 and the solicitation is issued as a Request For Quotation (RFQ/NOI) This acquisition is for a commercial item or service and is conducted under the authority of the FAR Part 12—Acquisition of Commercial Items, and is not expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold. THIS IS A NON-COMPETITIVE (NOTICE OF INTENT) COMBINED SYNOPSIS SOLICITATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT OR PURCHASE ORDER WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME). The National Institutes of Health Office of the Director – Office of Logistics – Hospital and Labortory Supply Division intends to negotiate and award a Purchase Order without providing for full and open competition (Including brand-name) to Avid technology, Inc., 75 Blue Sky Drive, Burlington, MA 01803. This acquisition is conducted as non-competitive for a commercial item or service and is conducted under the authority of the authority of 41 U.S.C. 1901 and the statutory authority of FAR 6.302-3(a)(2)(ii). (iii) The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 dated 03/13/2026. (iv) The associated NAICS code 541519 and the small business size standard 150 employees. This requirement has no set aside restrictions. (v) The purchase is for Avid Technology, Inc – Edit Suite Support contract with the Period of Performance is 5/1/2026 – 4/31/2027 Speciifcally: Avid Media Composer Ultimate 1-Year Subscription, Artist | DNxIQ Extended Hardware Support, Avid Advantage, Avid Advantage, Avid NEXIS | E4 200TB, ExpertPlus with Hardware, Media Central | PM Base Package, 1Y, Avid Learning Central, Enterprise Individual User, 1 Year Subscription/User, Avid Professional Services, System Commissioning Daily Rate Expenses Included, and Avid Professional Services, Project Management, Without Expenses to enable Events Management Branch (EMB) Edit Suite to have full editing capabilities and the proper workflow. The Period of Performance is5/1/2026 – 4/30/2027. Proposed Contractor’s unique qualifications.a.Equipment upgrade/repair: Equipment can only be repaired by the original manufacturer. This is a continuing annual support renewal.b.Proprietary data: Only the manufacturer can provide the follow-on service or maintenance because of proprietary data.c.Brand Name only: Avid Technology, Inc., as the developer and provider of the editing system hardware and software is the sole vendor able to provide the required support. (vi) Deliver to: National Institutes of Health Office of Research Servives 2115 East Jefferson Sttreet Bethesda, MD 20892-7511 Attention: Mike Burnham (x) The Offerors to include a completed copy of the provision at FAR clause 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Items, with its offer. (xi) The FAR clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. (xii) FAR clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders–Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. (xiii) The following additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions as determined by the contracting officer are necessary for this acquisition and consistent with customary commercial practices. NONE (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) Responses to this solicitation must include sufficient information to establish the interested parties’ bona-fide capabilities of providing the product or service. The price quote shall include: unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, delivery days after contract award, delivery terms, prompt payment discount terms, F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), product or catalog number(s); product description; and any other information or factors that may be considered in the award decision. Such factors may include: past performance; special features required for effective program performance; trade-in considerations; probable life of the item selected as compared with that of a comparable item; warranty considerations; maintenance availability; and environmental and energy efficiency considerations. Respondents that believe that they are manufacturers or authorized resellers of the brand-name product specified in this announcement must provide, as part of their response: (a) product, catalog, model, and/or part number(s); (b) product description; (c) all relevant information and documentation that the item(s) offered meets the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics as specified in the purchase description; quantity; estimated price or cost; shipping, handling, and/or installation charges; and delivery date after receipt of order. In addition the UEI Number, the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size must be included in the response. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov.” All responses must be received by April 28, 2026 @ 9:00 AM (EST) and reference number NIHTS201800001. Responses may be submitted electronically to brian.lind@nih.gov. Fax responses will not be accepted. (xvi) The name and telephone number of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation. Brian Lind Contracting Officer Brian.lind@nih.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Lind
  - Email: brian.lind@nih.gov
  - Phone: 000-000-0000

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e7e4f732f25843e98d469a3de779369b/view)