---
layout: default
title: thirty two, 55 gallon drums of Exxon Mobilgard 312
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 81baba156db545bd8680e17395528d0b
---

# thirty two, 55 gallon drums of Exxon Mobilgard 312

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 08:42:09.435-04
- Solicitation Number: 1333MK26Q0044

## Summary

This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for Commercial Items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR SUBPART 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This Combined Synopsis/Solicitation 1333MK26Q0044 constitutes a Request for Quotation (RFQ) which Incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01. The National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Office of Marine & Aviation Operations (OMAO), Marine Operation Center (MOC), NOAA Ship Okeanos Explorer, requires the following provide thirty two (32) 55 gallon drums of Exxon Mobilgard 312 lube oil and take drums from the vessel. The solicitation is being issued as a total small business set-aside. The associated NAICS code is _324191_ with a size standard of _900 employees_. Quotes will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021). Responses are due by 09:00am EST/EDT on March 27 2026. There will be no exceptions to the time and date on which responses are due, unless determined otherwise by the Government. Your response, technical, and pricing should be forwarded electronically to the Contracting Specialist via email no later than the date and time specified above. When responding, please include the Requisition number in the subject line. To verify receipt of your response, please contact me either by email or phone. Christopher Baker Christopher.Baker@noaa.gov FIRM FIXED PRICE CLIN 0001 – provide thirty two (32) 55 gallon drums of Exxon Mobilgard 312 lube oil - This is also to include Pick up drums. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Lube oil shall be delivered to Pier F-9 Pearl Harbor, HI. The exact address is 1897 Ranger Loop, BLDG 184 Honolulu, HI 96818. Okeanos Explorer will accept delivery by 55-gallon drum, to be delivered to ship. Okeanos Explorer will have crane access to bring delivery aboard. All offered products must meet the requirements of Buy American-Supplies to be considered. Provide verification of the country of manufacture for offered products. The start date is an estimate and is subject to new funding approval processes. If there is a significant delay in awarding this contract, a shortened base year Period of Performance may be utilized or an updated quote may be requested with a new 12-month base year and corresponding option years. (Break) UTILIZATION OF FEDCONNECT® FOR CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION The Department of Commerce will utilize the FedConnect® web portal in administering this award. The contractor must be registered in FedConnect® and have access to the FedConnect® website located at https://www.fedconnect.net/Fedconnect/. For assistance in registering or for other FedConnect® questions please call the FedConnect® Help Desk at (800) 899-6665 or email at support@fedconnect.net. There is no charge for registration in or use of FedConnect®. (End) CAR 1352.215-72 Inquiries (Apr 2010) OFFERORS MUST SUBMIT ALL QUESTIONS CONCERNING THIS SOLICITATION IN WRITING VIA EMAIL TO CHRISTOPHER.BAKER@NOAA.GOV. QUESTIONS SHOULD BE RECEIVED NO LATER THAN 12:00PM EST/EDT ON 7/3/2025. Any responses to questions will be made in writing, without identification of the questioner, and will be included in an amendment to the solicitation. Even if provided in other form, only the question responses included in the amendment to the solicitation will govern performance of the contract. (End of clause) FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023) NOTICE TO OFFERORS: Instructions for submitting quotations under this request for quote must be followed. Failure to provide all information to aid in the evaluation may be considered non-responsive. Offers that are non-responsive may be excluded from further evaluation and rejected without further notification to the offeror. 1. Submit PDF or Microsoft Word format quotations to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the time specified in the solicitation. Email quotes are required and can be sent to Christopher.baker@noaa.gov. 2. Offeror shall have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM found at https://sam.gov/content/home) in order to provide a quote and be eligible for award. Must provide their UEID/CAGE CODE with their quote and PAGE 1 of their SAM REGISTRATION. 3. Offerors shall assume that the Government has no prior knowledge of them or their capability. 4. Acknowledge any solicitation amendments (SF-30), if any. 5. For brand name requirements; Address the ability of meeting the requirements per the specifications with a detail material specification or data sheet, pictures of any requested supply item, and an Authorized OEM letter to sale, distribute or service their products. 6. Provide Copy of Liability Insurance for any services to be performed. 7. Provide at least two references for Jobs performed within the past three years that are same or similar in scope to this requirement. 8.Offerors must provide all evaluation criteria in accordance with FAR 52.212-2. Offerors who do not provide all evaluation criteria may not be considered. THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR NON-RECEIPT OF QUOTES. IT IS THE CONTRACTOR’S RESPONSIBILITY TO REQUEST AND RECEIVE A CONFIRMATION OF THE QUOTE RECEIPT. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation- Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) Offers will be evaluated based on price and the factors set forth in paragraph (a). (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Paragraph (a) is hereby completed as follows: Evaluation will be based on the following; 1. Technical Acceptability/Capability. Vendors quotes shall be evaluated by the customer to confirm it is Technically acceptable based on requirements in the statement of work. 2. Past Performance - Quote shall include at least two references from at least two separate contracts for similar and relevant recent services within the past two years including the name, phone number, full address, and e-mail address of the reference to demonstrate the offeror’s capability to successfully perform the services listed in the Statement of Work. The offeror is required to fill out blocks 1-4 and send the attached Past Performance Questionnaire to the references provided by the offeror in their submission. The references should complete the Past Performance Questionnaire and then email it directly to (CS/CO email) by the closing date and time of this solicitation. The Government reserves the right to consider past performance report forms received after the due date and time of the solicitation, past performance questionnaires submitted from previous solicitations, and to contact references for verification or additional information. The offeror's past performance on related contracts will be evaluated to determine, as appropriate, successful performance of contract requirements, quality and timeliness of delivery of goods and services, cost management, communications between contracting parties, proactive management and customer satisfaction. The Government will use its discretion to determine the sources of past performance information used in the evaluation, and the information may be obtained from references provided by the Offeror, the agency’s knowledge of Offeror performance, other government agencies or commercial entities, or past performance databases, and will be based on responsiveness, quality, and customer services. Offerors lacking relevant past performance history, or for whom past performance information is either not available or has not been submitted to the Government, will receive a neutral rating for past performance. A good past performance rating provides higher confidence than a neutral or satisfactory rating. 3. Specification Sheet, Authorized OEM Letter to sell or distribute their products. 4. Price (Firm Fixed, to include FOB Destination). The Government intends to award a low priced, technically acceptable, single firm fixed-price purchase order on an all or none basis with payment terms of Net 30. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the Agency. Quotes must be submitted via electronic means (EMAIL) no later than Offer due date in Sam.gov posting, TO Christopher.baker@noaa.gov The Government does not accept responsibility for nonreceipt of email. It is the Contractor’s responsibility to request a confirmation of the email receipt. ***All Questions must be submitted in writing to (EMAIL), within 3 days after notice posted. TELEPHONE INQUIRIES WILL NOT BE HONORED. *** Contractors are encouraged to register with SAM.GOV vendor notification services as well as the interested vendors list for this acquisition. Quoters must be registered in the SAM,GOV database to be considered for this award. Registration is free and can be completed online at HTTP://WWW.SAM.GOV/. Page 1 of completed SAM.gov registration must be with quote package. FOR additional Clauses and provisions please see attached STANDARD FORM 1449

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: BAKER, CHRISTOPHER
  - Email: CHRISTOPHER.BAKER@NOAA.GOV
  - Phone: 7573170683

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/81baba156db545bd8680e17395528d0b/view)