---
layout: default
title: INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS FOR DFSP MANAGEMENT, INFRASTRUCTURE ENHANCEMENT, AND UNDERUTILIZED LAND AND RESOURCES; DFSP Jacksonville (Northside) Jacksonville FL
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 524074ccb3684e81a1a23ff31458f9fc
---

# INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS FOR DFSP MANAGEMENT, INFRASTRUCTURE ENHANCEMENT, AND UNDERUTILIZED LAND AND RESOURCES; DFSP Jacksonville (Northside) Jacksonville FL

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-17 10:54:36.801-04
- Solicitation Number: SPE603-26-R-5X59

## Summary

REQUEST FOR INFORMATION SPE603-26-R-5X59 INNOVATIVE SOLUTIONS FOR DEFENSE FUEL SUPPORT POINT (DFSP) MANAGEMENT, INFRASTRUCTURE ENHANCEMENT, AND UNDERUTILIZED LAND AND RESOURCES The Defense Logistics Agency, on behalf of the United States Navy (USN), is seeking information from industry regarding their potential interest in providing innovative, cost-effective solutions for managing Defense Fuel Support Points (DFSPs), enhancing bulk fuels infrastructure to improve operational readiness and leveraging underutilized land, resources, infrastructure assets, and access. This Request for Information (RFI) is issued pursuant to Section 2667 of Title 10, United States Code, which authorizes Departments to lease-out, otherwise out lease, department-owned non-excess real or personal property, commonly called out lease authority. It is issued solely for information and planning purposes. It does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP), a Request for Quotation (RFQ), or a promise to issue a solicitation in the future. This RFI does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. The Government is not seeking proposals at this time and will not accept unsolicited proposals. Respondents are advised that the U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this RFI. All costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the interested party’s expense. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future RFP, if one is issued. The information gathered will be used to assess the feasibility and potential benefits of entering into agreements for the utilization of underutilized land, infrastructure, petroleum fuel facilities, piers, and implementation of innovative DFSP solutions at various sites. CONCEPT OF SERVICES AND OPERATIONS: The Navy is seeking creative and innovative approaches to enhance government fuel facilities while reducing long-term sustainment, maintenance, and modernization costs. This initiative aims to identify opportunities for partnerships with private-sector entities that can enhance the material condition of DFSPs by enabling the productive use of underutilized land, infrastructure assets, access, and other resources to ultimately reduce the lifecycle costs of DFSPs for the Navy. AREA OF CONSIDERATION: All Navy CONUS locations will be considered. NAICS CODES: 221210 – Natural Gas Distribution 424710 – Petroleum Bulk Stations and Terminals 424720 - Petroleum and Petroleum Products Merchant Wholesalers (except Bulk Stations and Terminals) 425120 – Wholesale Trade Agents and Brokers 488310 – Port and Harbor Operations 486910 – Pipeline Transportation of Refined Petroleum Products 488119 – Other Airport Operations 488320 – Marine Cargo Handling 493190 – Other Warehousing and Storage 531190 – Lessors of Other Real Estate Property 541614 – Process, Physical Distribution, and Logistics Consulting Services 561210 – Facilities Support Services BACKGROUND: DFSPs play a critical role in ensuring the availability of fuel and lubricants for military operations and enabling warfighting readiness. These facilities are responsible for receiving, storing, and distributing various types of fuel and lubricants. Current challenges with DFSP operations are the high costs associated with sustaining, repairing, restoring, and modernizing existing bulk fuels storage and distribution infrastructure, including tanks, pipelines, piers, wharves, and associated support elements. To address these challenges and improve the overall performance and cost-effectiveness of DFSPs, the Navy is actively seeking innovative solutions, potentially in conjunction with the utilization of underutilized land, infrastructure assets, access, and other resources on the installation. A key objective is to sustain, restore, enhance, upgrade and modernize the material condition of DFSPs. PURPOSE: The purpose of this RFI is to gather information from industry regarding their capabilities, experience, and potential concepts for: Leveraging underutilized land, fuel storage and distribution capabilities, access to wharves piers and runways, and other underutilized resources and installation infrastructure to implement innovative DFSP management and infrastructure improvement solutions. Implementing innovative technologies and methodologies to improve DFSP management and infrastructure. Understanding the cost savings and operational benefits. Identifying potential risks and challenges associated with implementation. Gathering information on industry best practices and lessons learned in similar applications. Assessing the maturity and feasibility of recommendations for expansion into other Navy DFSPs. This includes, but is not limited to: Potential Business Partnerships: Exploring potential business partnerships that integrate DFSP modernization with optimization of underutilized land, DFSP bulk fuels infrastructure and access through leasing and operating of the facility. Investment Capabilities: Assessing the potential for private sector investment to improve infrastructure, create economic opportunities, and reduce costs. Environmental Considerations: Gathering information on how proposed ventures can be implemented in an environmentally responsible manner and meet applicable local, state, and federal environmental standards. Operational Concepts: Evaluate how the proposed ventures would meet the Navy’s operational requirements to support the US Military and Joint Forces across all phases of peacetime and wartime operations. Security Requirements: Enhance accessibility while maintaining strict compliance with all applicable security regulations (Navy, local, state, and federal). Benefits to the Navy Installation: Evaluating how proposed ventures could enhance the operational effectiveness, cost efficiency, and quality of life. Facility Assessments: Develop a benchmark for assessing facility infrastructure in accordance with Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC 3-460-01), the American Petroleum Institute (API), and industry benchmarks and standards. Revenue sharing agreements: Strategy for driving revenue growth and the share that will be reinvested to upgrade and modernize the DFSP’s facilities and infrastructure. SCOPE OF INTEREST: The Navy is seeking innovative and creative ideas to improve government facilities and optimize the use of underutilized land at the Navy Installations, particularly where such opportunities can be integrated with enhanced DFSP management solutions. The Navy is interested in exploring a diverse range of potential uses and partnership concepts that both strengthen mission readiness and reduce long-term sustainment burdens. INFORMATION REQUESTED: Interested parties are requested to provide the following information in their response to this RFI: 1. Company Information a. Name of company b. Address c. Point of contact (name, title, phone number, email address) d. Company website e. Brief description of the company’s mission and areas of expertise. f. Provide a company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history (last 3 years), office location(s), DUNS/CAGE Code number, business size, and a statement regarding current business status. 2. Proposed Concept: Description of the proposed concept for utilizing underutilized land at various sites in conjunction with DFSP modernization. Include specifics such as the type of activity, estimated scale of operations, innovative technology or solutions that would improve the readiness and material condition of facilities, and expected impact on the installation and surrounding community. 3. Operational Benefits: An assessment of the potential operational benefits, including cost savings, efficiency improvements, and enhanced security. Quantify benefits whenever possible. 4. Implementation Plan: A proposed implementation plan, including timelines, resources, and potential challenges. 5. Risk Assessment: An assessment of the potential risks associated with implementation and mitigation strategies. 6. Relevant Experience: A description of the company's or organization's relevant experience in developing and implementing similar technologies or solutions. Provide examples of past performance. Please indicate if you were the prime contractor or subcontractor under the contract. Also provide the Contract Number, Name of Government Agency or Commercial Entity, Period of Performance, Dollar Value, Type of Contract (Fixed Price, Cost Reimbursement, etc.), and an explanation of services provided as they relate to this RFI. If your firm acted as a subcontractor or joint venture, name the prime contractor or other party, the specific work performed and percentage. Address any past performance problems, and resolutions taken. 7. References: Contact information for references who can attest to the company's or organization's capabilities. 8. Scalability and Adaptability: How the solution can be scaled up to accommodate future demands and how it can be adapted to different DFSP locations and environments. 9. Cybersecurity Posture: Describe the company's cybersecurity policies and procedures, and how the proposed solution will address cybersecurity vulnerabilities. 10. Benefits to the Navy Installation: a. Explanation of how the proposed concept would benefit various sites including potential cost savings, improved services, or increased operational efficiency. b.Potential for job creation or economic development in the surrounding community. 11. Experience with Government Partnerships: a. Description of any previous experience working with government agencies on similar projects. b. Understanding of relevant regulations and contracting procedures. 12. Proposed Structure: Type of agreement your firm would propose, long-term lease, conveyance, etc. 13. An assessment of the current governing regulations, identifying any regulatory gaps, to include specific recommendations and proposed language for new or revised regulations. 14. Facility Assessments: Develop a benchmark for assessing facility infrastructure in accordance with UFC, API and other related industry benchmarks and standards. 15. Legal Authorities – An assessment of the current legal authorities to govern the revenue sharing agreements and enhanced use leasing at Navy DFSPs, identifying any regulatory gaps to include specific recommendations and proposed legal language for new or revised authorities to address those gaps. 16. Any other information deemed relevant for the Navy's consideration. Submissions should be sent to Careka Squire, DLA Energy, Careka.Squire@dla.mil / (571) 459-8982 NLT 3:00 p.m. local Fort Belvoir, VA time on May 29, 2026. Please direct any technical questions related to this RFI to Captain Anas Maazouzi, US. Navy, Navy Petroleum Office, Anas.Maazouzi@dla.mil / (562) 588-2801. Interested firms must include in their submission the RFI number SPE603-26-R-5X59 in the subject line of their emails. QUESTIONS: The Navy Petroleum Office will conduct a dedicated workshop and host a Questions & Answers session during the DLA Energy Worldwide Symposium, April 21-23, 2026, for all interested offerors. Attendees shall register on site for the DLA Energy Worldwide being held at the Hyatt Regency – Crystal City, Arlington, VA and specifically state that you will only be attending the Request for Information regarding Innovative Solutions for DFSP Management, Infrastructure Enhancement and Underutilized Land and Resources for the Navy. Amended to add the date, time, and location of the workshop. Date: 21 April 2026 Time: 1430 – 1630 Location: Hyatt Regency – Crystal City Conference Room: Fairfax Room

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Careka Squire(445) 737-6480
  - Email: Careka.Squire@dla.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/524074ccb3684e81a1a23ff31458f9fc/view)