---
layout: default
title: H265--Medical Gas Inspection Annual Base + 4
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 2cfe2a04857942afb602f0e8131e4ad6
---

# H265--Medical Gas Inspection Annual Base + 4

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-13 12:05:44.285-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25026Q0384
- Awardee: null

## Summary

The Network Contracting Office (NCO-10) is seeking to identify vendors to perform the following services, Medical Gas Testing and Inspection at the Dayton VA Medical Center. This is a Request for Information (RFI) to seek capable sources and request industry feedback ONLY. This notice does not constitute a commitment by the Government. Interested parties are asked to submit a capability statement that clearly and convincingly identifies their ability to fulfill the requirements. The contractor shall provide all resources necessary to accomplish the deliverables described in this PWS except as may otherwise be specified. All necessary labor, management, supervision, technical skills, quality control, materials, parts, tools, transportation, and equipment necessary to perform annual evaluation of the piped Oxygen, Nitrous Oxide, Nitrogen, Medical Air, Dental Air, Medical Vacuum, Dental Vacuum, and Evacuation/WAGD Systems. Annual inspections of the Medical Gas System must meet the following requirements; Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO), Compressed Gas Association (CGA), National Protection Fire Association (NFPA) 99, American Society of Sanitary Engineering (ASSE), and United States Pharmacopeia Convention (USP/NF) Codes and Standards. Industry feedback to the information below is requested to ensure the VA has not created a defacto sole source requirement. The Government may use the responses to this RFI for information and planning purposes. In addition to answering the below questions 1-5, respondents are also requested to complete page 4 Vendor Information and provide their capability statement, including company name, address, and point of contact information. Capabilities statement shall provide a detailed overview, experience, and qualifications to perform the requirement. Question #1: Response, are you interested in providing a quote for this requirement? Yes / No (choose one) Question #2: Can your firm provide requested services provided. Question #3: Is your firm capable of following the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO), Compressed Gas Association (CGA), National Protection Fire Association (NFPA) 99, American Society of Sanitary Engineering (ASSE), and United States Pharmacopeia Convention (USP/NF) Codes and Standards? Question #4: Response: If your firm is a SVOSB and/or VOSB? If so, please provide a copy of SBA certification. Please provide current scope of operations and locations of service/capability: Where is your business located and where is your main scope of operations? Please provide any additional certifications regarding the socio-economic status of your company including, WOSB, EDWOSB, HUB, 8a, Small Disadvantage Business, Small Business, etc. Question #5: Response: If your firm is a SVOSB and/or VOSB? If so, please provide a copy of SBA certification. Please provide current scope of operations and locations of service/capability: Where is your business located and where is your main scope of operations? Please provide any additional certifications regarding the socio-economic status of your company including, WOSB, EDWOSB, HUB, 8a, Small Disadvantage Business, Small Business, etc. Response: Does your company have the ability to perform this contract while complying with the Limitations on Subcontracting rules per FAR 52.219-14, 13 CFR 125.6 and VAAR 852.219-75? If so, please briefly explain how your firm will accomplish this, include any potential teaming arrangements or subcontractors. To Note: The CO shall conduct periodic checks with the vendor to ensure that Limitations on Subcontracting compliance is maintained during the period of performance if this requirement is set-aside for any small business entities. In accordance with 13 CFR § 125.6(g), Whoever violates the requirements set forth in paragraph (a) of this section shall be subject to the penalties prescribed in 15 U.S.C. 645(d), except that the fine shall be treated as the greater of $500,000 or the dollar amount spent, in excess of permitted levels, by the entity on subcontractors. A party's failure to comply with the spirit and intent of a subcontract with a similarly situated entity may be considered a basis for debarment on the grounds, including but not limited to, that the parties have violated the terms of a government contract or subcontract pursuant to far 9.406-2(b)(1)(i) (48 CFR 9.406-2(b)(1)(i)). The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is NAICS 811210 Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance, with a Small Business Size Standard of $34 Million Dollars. The Product Service Code is H265 Equipment and Materials Testing Medical, Dental, and Veterinary Equipment and Supplies. For informational purposes only, Wage Determinations apply to this requirement: All businesses are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size and socio-economic category(s) in their capabilities statement. This Request for Information (RFI) is only for the purpose of identifying potential sources as part of market research. No Request for Proposal (RFP), Quote (RFQ), or Invitation for Bid (IFB) exists. Responses to this Request for Information (RFI) are not quotes, proposals, or bids on which the VA can issue any contract. This Notice is issued for information and planning purposes only and does not itself constitute an RFP, RFQ or IFB. The Government does not intend to award a contract based only on responses to this RFI. Responses to the notice will not be returned. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this Request for Information (RFI). The VA will not pay for information received in response to this Request for Information. Do not submit pricing information in response to this Request for Information. Detailed capabilities statements and answers to questions 1-5 must be submitted by email to Contracting Officer Jeremy Nee at Jeremy.Nee@VA.gov, in an electronic format, no later than 1:00 PM EST on March 19, 2026. As part of market research, this Request for Information / Sources Sought is to determine if there exists an adequate number of qualified interested contractors capable of providing services for this requirement. Vendor Information Solicitation Number: 36C25026Q0384 Company Information: Name of Prime Contractor DBA - Doing Business As (If applicable) SAM UEI Cage Code Street Address of Prime Contractor City, State & Zip Primary POC Information: Primary POC Prime Contractor Phone Number Email Address Company SBA Certifications if any: Certification Mark (x) if held SBA Certification Active Expiration Date Service Disabled Veteran Owned SB (SDVOSB) Veteran Owned SB (VOSB) Economically Disadvantaged Woman Owned SB (EDWOSB) Woman Owned SB (WOSB) 8(a) Small Business (8(a)) HUBZone (HUB) Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB) If no SBA certifications exist for your firm, please indicate if you consider yourself the following: Mark X as appropriate Type of Business Small Business Firm Other Than Small Business Large Business Please indicate if you have a schedule contract on GSA, FSS, etc. Schedule Contract number

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jeremy Nee
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: jeremy.nee@va.gov
  - Phone: 937-268-6511

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2cfe2a04857942afb602f0e8131e4ad6/view)