---
layout: default
title: 6515--Hospital Beds
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Award Notice
notice_id: 7627541f48b04b89b7c9f9eaa78674ca
---

# 6515--Hospital Beds

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Award Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-01 09:11:27.961-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26326Q0416
- Awardee: HILL-ROM, INC. BATESVILLE 47006
- Award Amount: 352196.73

## Summary

Attachment 2: Request for Limited Sources Justification Format >SAT VHAPG Part 808.405-6 Limiting Sources Revision: 02 Effective Date: 03/02/2026 Acquisition ID#: 36C263-26-AP-1967 Page 1 of 3 LIMITED SOURCES JUSTIFICATION ORDER >SAT FAR PART 8.405-6 Acquisition Plan Action ID: 36C263-26-AP-1967 Contracting Activity: Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office 23, 4801 Veterans Drive, Saint Cloud, MN 56303 Requiring Activity: Black Hills VA Health Care System, 113 Comanche Road, Fort Meade, SD 57741 Description of Action: This acquisition is conducted under the authority of the Multiple-Award Schedule Program (41 U.S.C. 152(3) and 40 U.S.C. 501). Order against: FSS Contract Number: 36F79721D060 Name of Proposed Contractor: Hill-Rom, Inc. Street Address: 1069 State Rt 46 E City, State, Zip: Batesville, IN 47006 Phone: 708-786-5192 Description of Supplies or Services: The estimated value of the proposed action is $ 352,196.73 Description Qty Price Extended Amount Standard Hospital Beds 14 $ 16,350.72 $ 228,910.08 Bariatric Hospital Bed 5 $ 18,672.33 $ 93,361.65 Warranty 19 $ 1,572.00 $ 29,868.00 Identify the Authority and Supporting Rationale (see below and if applicable, a demonstration of the proposed contractor s unique qualifications to provide the required supply or service. FAR 8.405-6(a)(1)(A): An urgent and compelling need exists and following the ordering procedures would result in unacceptable delays: FAR 8.405-6(a)(1)(B): Only one source is capable of providing the supplies or services required at the level of quality required because the supplies or services are unique or highly specialized; Centrella hospital beds are only procured through Hill-Rom, Inc. FAR 8.405-6(a)(1)(C): In the interest of economy and efficiency, the new work is a logical follow-on to an original Federal Supply Schedule order provided that the original order was placed in accordance with the applicable Federal Supply Schedule ordering procedures. The original order must not have been previously issued under sole source or limited source procedures. FAR 8.405-6(b): Items peculiar to one manufacturer: A patent, copyright or proprietary data limits competition. The proprietary data is: These are direct replacements parts/components for existing equipment. The material/service must be compatible in all aspects (form, fit and function) with existing systems presently installed/performing. Describe Why You Believe the Order Represents the Best Value consistent with FAR 8.404(d) to aid the contracting officer in making this best value determination: The VA NAC has already established a contract with Hill-Rom Company to provide Centrella beds and parts. The Black Hills VA already has 52 beds and wants to cycle out 19 aged/end of life beds. The facility is already trained in service maintenance and maintains an on-hand stock of parts for Centrella beds as well. There is a need to keep beds standardized so that healthcare, policies, and procedures to Veterans remains standardized. CENTRELLA hospital beds are only available through Hill-Rom, Inc. Describe the Market Research Conducted among schedule holders and the results or a statement of the reason market research was not conducted. The med-surge NAC catalog was searched for Centrella beds nothing available from any of the other contract holders. Business program preferences in VAAR subpart 819.70. Specifically, the CO will consider preferences for SDVOSBs first, then preferences for verified VOSBs. Any Other Facts Supporting the Justification: NA A Statement of the Actions, if any, the agency may take to remove or overcome any barriers that led to the restricted consideration before any subsequent acquisition for the supplies or services is made: Consistently evaluate the market for the best value to obtain needed supplies at each request.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Traci Johannes
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: traci.johannes@va.gov
  - Phone: 320-654-7635

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Request for Limited Sources Justification Format >SAT VHAPG Part 808.405-6 Limiting Sources Revision: 02 Effective Date: 03/02/2026 Acquisition ID#: 36C263-26-AP-1967 Page 1 of 3 LIMITED SOURCES JUSTIFICATION ORDER >SAT FAR PART 8.405-6 Acquisition Plan Action ID: 36C263-26-AP-1967 Contracting Activity: Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office 23, 4801 Veterans Drive, Saint Cloud, MN 56303 Requiring Activity: Black Hills VA Health Care System, 113 Comanche Road, Fort Meade, SD 57741 Description of Action: This acquisition is conducted under the authority of the Multiple-Award Schedule Program (41 U.S.C. 152(3) and 40 U.S.C. 501). Order against: FSS Contract Number: 36F79721D060 Name of Proposed Contractor: Hill-Rom, Inc. Street Address: 1069 State Rt 46 E City, State, Zip: Batesville, IN 47006 Phone: 708-786-5192 Description of Supplies or Services: The estimated value of the proposed action is $ 352,196.73 Description Qty Price Extended Amount Standard Hospital Beds 14 $ 16,350.72 $ 228,910.08 Bariatric Hospital Bed 5 $ 18,672.33 $ 93,361.65 Warranty 19 $ 1,572.00 $ 29,868.00 Identify the Authority and Supporting Rationale (see below and if applicable, a demonstration of the proposed contractor s unique qualifications to provide the required supply or service. FAR 8.405-6(a)(1)(A): An urgent and compelling need exists and following the ordering procedures would result in unacceptable delays: FAR 8.405-6(a)(1)(B): Only one source is capable of providing the supplies or services required at the level of quality required because the supplies or services are unique or highly specialized; Centrella hospital beds are only procured through Hill-Rom, Inc. FAR 8.405-6(a)(1)(C): In the interest of economy and efficiency, the new work is a logical follow-on to an original Federal Supply Schedule order provided that the original order was placed in accordance with the applicable Federal Supply Schedule ordering procedures. The original order must not have been previously issued under sole source or limited source procedures. FAR 8.405-6(b): Items peculiar to one manufacturer: A patent, copyright or proprietary data limits competition. The proprietary data is: These are direct replacements parts/components for existing equipment. The material/service must be compatible in all aspects (form, fit and function) with existing systems presently installed/performing. Describe Why You Believe the Order Represents the Best Value consistent with FAR 8.404(d) to aid the contracting officer in making this best value determination: The VA NAC has already established a contract with Hill-Rom Company to provide Centrella beds and parts. The Black Hills VA already has 52 beds and wants to cycle out 19 aged/end of life beds. The facility is already trained in service maintenance and maintains an on-hand stock of parts for Centrella beds as well. There is a need to keep beds standardized so that healthcare, policies, and procedures to Veterans remains standardized. CENTRELLA hospital beds are only available through Hill-Rom, Inc. Describe the Market Research Conducted among schedule holders and the results or a statement of the reason market research was not conducted. The med-surge NAC catalog was searched for Centrella beds nothing available from any of the other contract holders. Business program preferences in VAAR subpart 819.70. Specifically, the CO will consider preferences for SDVOSBs first, then preferences for verified VOSBs. Any Other Facts Supporting the Justification: NA A Statement of the Actions, if any, the agency may take to remove or overcome any barriers that led to the restricted consideration before any subsequent acquisition for the supplies or services is made: Consistently evaluate the market for the best value to obtain needed supplies at each request

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7627541f48b04b89b7c9f9eaa78674ca/view)