---
layout: default
title: 820 RHS Dowel Drill Machine
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: e167e04d4f554b23af0e2468c21992ac
---

# 820 RHS Dowel Drill Machine

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-27 13:13:24.28-04
- Solicitation Number: F3GHBA6075A001

## Summary

This is a combined Brand Name or Equal synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. 1. The solicitation number is F3GHBA6075A001. This solicitation is a request for quotation (RFQ). 2. The incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01, dated 3 March 2026. 3. This RFQ is to be solicited as a Total Small Business Set. The associated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 333120 with a small business size standard of 1,250 employees. 4. The anticipated contract type will be a Firm Fixed Price (FFP). The contract line-item number (CLIN) structure is as follows: CLIN 0001 – Three-Gang Pneumatic Slab Rider Dowel Pin Drill [Qty.: 2] 5. Description of requirement for the items to be acquired: ***Reference Attachment 1 for specifications, descriptions, and additional information. a. Delivery Date: 8-10 Weeks ARO b. Place of Delivery: Nellis AFB, NV c. Inspection and Acceptance: Destination FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Sep 2023) REQUIREMENTS. In accordance with FAR 52.204-7 and Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS) 252.207-7004 Alt A, prospective vendors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to contract award. Lack of SAM registration shall be a determining factor for contract award. Prospective vendors should visit the SAM website at http://www.sam.gov.com to register. All quotes shall include the following minimum information: Product Specifications, CAGE code, SAM Unique Entity ID, Payment Terms, Discount Terms, Point of Contact, Phone, Fax, Email and Proposed Delivery Schedule. It is the responsibility of the offeror to contact the government to confirm receipt of the quote prior to the offer due date and time. QUOTE DUE DATE. Quotes are due on 10:00 AM, Pacific Time on Friday, 10 April 2026. Only electronic offers submitted via email will be considered for this requirement. Submit offers to SrA Sedrina Welches at sedrina.welches@us.af.mil (End of Provision) FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible vendor whose quote conforming to the solicitation is the lowest-priced, technically acceptable (LPTA). This is an “all or none” requirement and will be awarded on one contract. Multiple contracts will not be issued. Vendors who do not quote the entire package requested will be considered non-responsive and their quote will not be evaluated. Technical Acceptable/Unacceptable Ratings--- Acceptable: Offeror has followed instructions in 52.212-1. Offeror’s quote clearly meets the requirement as stated in the solicitation and all attachments. Unacceptable: Offeror has not followed instructions in 52.212-1. Offeror’s quote does not meet the requirement as stated in the solicitation and all attachments. (End of Provision) FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): http://www.acquisition.gov/ (End of clause) PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (Oct 2018) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (Oct 2018) FAR 52.204-24 - Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (Nov 2021) FAR 52.204-29 Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders—Representation and Disclosures (Dec 2023) FAR 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (May 2024) FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023) FAR 52.212-5 - Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (May 2024) FAR 52.219-1 - Small Business Program Representations (Feb 2024) FAR 52.223-22 Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals-Representation (Dec 2016) DFARS 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials (Sep 2011) DFARS 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights (Dec 2022) DFARS 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials (Sep 2022) DFARS 252.204-7015 Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation (May 2021) DFARS 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System (Mar 2023) DFARS 252.211-7003 Item Unique Identification and Valuation (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program (Feb 2024) DFARS 252.225-7002 Qualifying Country Sources as Subcontractors (Mar 2022) DFARS 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime (May 2022) DFARS 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.225-7059 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region–Representation (Jun 2023) DFARS 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (Jun 2023) DFARS 252.232-7003 - Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports (Dec 2018) DFARS 252.232-7006 - Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments (Dec 2006) DFARS 252.244-7000 Subcontracts for Commercial Products or Commercial Services (Nov 2023) DFARS 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea (Jan 2023) DAFFARS 5352.201-9101 - Ombudsman (Jul 2023) DAFFARS 5352.242-9000 - Contractor Access to Air Force Installations (Jul 2023) List of Attachments Attachment 1 – Salient Characteristics

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: SrA Sedrina Welches
  - Email: sedrina.welches@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7026528669
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Amal Djezzar
  - Email: amal.djezzar.dz@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7026525354

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for specifications, descriptions, and additional information. a. Delivery Date: 8-10 Weeks ARO b. Place of Delivery: Nellis AFB, NV c. Inspection and Acceptance: Destination FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Sep 2023) REQUIREMENTS. In accordance with FAR 52.204-7 and Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS) 252.207-7004 Alt A, prospective vendors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to contract award. Lack of SAM registration shall be a determining factor for contract award. Prospective vendors should visit the SAM website at http://www.sam.gov.com to register. All quotes shall include the following minimum information: Product Specifications, CAGE code, SAM Unique Entity ID, Payment Terms, Discount Terms, Point of Contact, Phone, Fax, Email and Proposed Delivery Schedule. It is the responsibility of the offeror to contact the government to confirm receipt of the quote prior to the offer due date and time. QUOTE DUE DATE. Quotes are due on 10:00 AM, Pacific Time on Friday, 10 April 2026. Only electronic offers submitted via email will be considered for this requirement. Submit offers to SrA Sedrina Welches at sedrina.welches@us.af.mil (End of Provision) FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible vendor whose quote conforming to the solicitation is the lowest-priced, technically acceptable (LPTA). This is an “all or none” requirement and will be awarded on one contract. Multiple contracts will not be issued. Vendors who do not quote the entire package requested will be considered non-responsive and their quote will not be evaluated. Technical Acceptable/Unacceptable Ratings--- Acceptable: Offeror has followed instructions in 52.212-1. Offeror’s quote clearly meets the requirement as stated in the solicitation and all attachments. Unacceptable: Offeror has not followed instructions in 52.212-1. Offeror’s quote does not meet the requirement as stated in the solicitation and all attachments. (End of Provision) FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): http://www.acquisition.gov/ (End of clause) PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (Oct 2018) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (Oct 2018) FAR 52.204-24 - Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (Nov 2021) FAR 52.204-29 Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders—Representation and Disclosures (Dec 2023) FAR 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (May 2024) FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023) FAR 52.212-5 - Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (May 2024) FAR 52.219-1 - Small Business Program Representations (Feb 2024) FAR 52.223-22 Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals-Representation (Dec 2016) DFARS 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials (Sep 2011) DFARS 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights (Dec 2022) DFARS 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials (Sep 2022) DFARS 252.204-7015 Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation (May 2021) DFARS 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System (Mar 2023) DFARS 252.211-7003 Item Unique Identification and Valuation (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program (Feb 2024) DFARS 252.225-7002 Qualifying Country Sources as Subcontractors (Mar 2022) DFARS 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime (May 2022) DFARS 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.225-7059 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region–Representation (Jun 2023) DFARS 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (Jun 2023) DFARS 252.232-7003 - Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports (Dec 2018) DFARS 252.232-7006 - Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions (Jan 2023) DFARS 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments (Dec 2006) DFARS 252.244-7000 Subcontracts for Commercial Products or Commercial Services (Nov 2023) DFARS 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea (Jan 2023) DAFFARS 5352.201-9101 - Ombudsman (Jul 2023) DAFFARS 5352.242-9000 - Contractor Access to Air Force Installations (Jul 2023) List of Attachments Attachment 1 – Salient Characteristics

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e167e04d4f554b23af0e2468c21992ac/view)