---
layout: default
title: 8915--VASD Fresh Produce Base Plus 4 OY
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 54491a01dc58440f97ea81d381257ef9
---

# 8915--VASD Fresh Produce Base Plus 4 OY

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-16 16:16:15.259-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0502
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) / SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION ABOUT PRICING, DELIVERY, THE MARKET, AND CAPABILITIES IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI FOR PLANNING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a Sources Sought Notice / RFI only. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice / RFI is to gain information about potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 311991 (size standard of 700 Employees). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI, further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcements may be published. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking sources capable of providing Fresh Produce for San Diego VA Healthcare System. Contractor should provide listed products and services (if any) at firm-fixed prices during contractual performance period (Base Year plus four option years). The contractor will provide fresh produce products listed on the schedule to the VA San Diego Healthcare System. Orders shall be placed by email, telephone, in writing via fax, or via contractor web site as mutually agreed upon between the facility COR and contractor one business day prior to the anticipated delivery date. The awarded contract shall be for base plus four options years from the date of award. Anticipated period of performance is April 1, 2026 March 31, 2027 for base year. Evaluation of offers will be based on capability to meet the Government requirements, past performance, and price. Preference may be given to offers that provide prices for product in containers as specified. However, vendors may offer alternate container (packaging) options and pricing. Award will be made to the offeror that is determined to be the best value for the Government. Alternative methods, (i.e. organic) are encouraged. If presenting alternative methods, please specify that in your bid. Compliance with Federal Laws and Regulations The delivered products shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local mandatory requirements and regulations relating to the preparation, packaging, labeling, storage, distribution, and sales of the products with the commercial marketplace. By submitting an offer, the contractor certifies that the products offered meet the requirements of the solicitation and: Requirements of Federal, State and local regulations Conforms to the producer s own specifications and standards, including product characteristics, manufacturing procedures, quality control procedures, and storage and handling practices Has national or regional distribution storage facilities located within the United States, its territories, or possessions Is sold on the commercial market Inspection of Facilities: All product furnished under the awarded contract shall be processed at facilities that have been inspected by the Federal Government. Approved inspection reports of another VA Facility or other Federal Government agency will be accepted as satisfactory evidence that the facilities/plants meet these requirements, provided that the inspection was made not more than six (6) months prior to the proposed contract period. The Contracting Officer or his/her designee reserves the right to make pre-award, on-site survey and inspection of the plant, personnel, equipment and processes of the offeror prior to making award and conditions found will be considered in awarding the contract. Inspection(s) may also be made at any time during the life of the contract and, if it is found that the contractor is not complying with specifications, deliveries will be rejected and the products covered by this contract will be procured in the open market. Any excess cost occasioned by this action will be charged against the contractor s account. The government reserves the right to determine proof of such conformance prior to the first delivery from point of origin and any time thereafter, up to and including delivery at destination as may be necessary to determine conformance with the provisions of the contract. All deliveries shall conform in every respect to the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and any other applicable laws and regulations. Manufacturing Standards When the manufacturing plant is identified on the shipping documents accompanying the delivery, the plant shall be identified by its complete name, address, and plant code. Products manufactured to metric dimensions will be considered on an equal basis with those manufactured using inch-pound units, providing they fall within the tolerances specified using conversion dimensions. If those dimensions exceed the tolerances specified in the inch-pound units, a request should be made to the Contracting Officer to determine if the product is acceptable. The COTR, in accordance with the Contracting Officer, will accept or reject the product. Product Quality and Freshness Physical Hazards: Products shall be clean, sound, wholesome, and be free from foreign material such as, but not limited to, dirt, insect parts, hair, wood, glass, or metal. Mold: Products shall include mold inhibitors of proper levels as allowed by the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. Odors: All products shall be free from all undesirable and objectionable odors and have a pleasingly sweet distinctive individual characteristic flavor. Color: All products shall be uniformly colored throughout and characterize the type and/or flavor it represents. Consistency: Products shall not be slimy. They shall be free from undesirable gas formation. Fresh produce shall have sufficient remaining shelf life commensurate with good practices and at a minimum: Prepared (sliced, diced, chopped, etc.) produce has a minimum 5 days of shelf life after the date of delivery. Packaging, Packing and Labeling Packaging and Packing: All packaging and packing shall be in accordance with good commercial practice. Labeling shall be in accordance with commercial labeling complying with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder. The identification on the primary container may consist of either the manufacturing plant name and address or a manufacturing plant code. The package shall be clean, sound, and securely covered or sealed to provide adequate protection from dirt, filth, and contamination. All products/ingredients shall be clean, sound, wholesome, and free from evidence of rodent or insect infestation. Failure to comply with this provision shall be considered grounds for default of the contract. Unless otherwise specified, preservation, packaging, and packing shall be to a degree of protection to preclude damage during normal shipping conditions and shall conform to normal commercial practices and applicable carrier rules and regulations involving shipment from contractor to receiving activity for storage. Dating: All prepared (sliced, diced, chopped, etc.) items must be identified with readable dates (open code dates). Other Labeling Requirements: Unless otherwise specified in the item specification or solicitation, marking shall be in accordance with best commercial practice. Any commercial or additional labeling as specified which complies with the U.S. Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder, is acceptable. Authorization The contractor shall contact the Contracting Officer on all matters pertaining to administration. Subcontractors: The Contracting Officer shall approve/disapprove all subcontractors used at any time during this contract. Contractor shall list the name and address of all subcontractors. The Contracting Officer shall be notified immediately if the Contractor should change any of the subcontractor(s) utilized for this contract and provide their name and address. Contracting Officer shall approve/disapprove subcontractors. Note: FAR Clause 52.222-37: Public Law (P.L.) 105-339, Section 1354 provides that no agency may enter into a contract with a Contractor who has not filed a VETS-100 report for the preceding fiscal year under Title 38 Section 4212(d). A contract can be placed with that Contractor as soon as the report required by section 4212(d) for the fiscal year concern is filed with the Department of Labor. P.L. 105-339 also increased the threshold of covered contracts and subcontracts from $10,000 to $25,000. Contractors shall complete this report at least 7 days prior to the due date for bids in response to this solicitation. This can be done online at http://www.dol.gov/vets/vets4212.htm. Only the Contracting Officer is authorized to make commitments to issue changes which will affect the price, quantity and quality or delivery of this contract. The Contracting Officer shall authorize VA San Diego and personnel to place delivery orders for products listed in the schedule of pricing as needed based on the established delivery schedule. Ordering Capabilities The Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) or other delegate of Nutrition and Food Service shall place orders by email, telephone, in writing via fax, via contractor web site, or any manner consistent with accepted business practices one business day prior to the anticipated delivery date. An order number will be provided to each facility at the time the order is placed. Availability, Substitutions and Alternates: Contractor will order quantities of products based on the facility s menu needs, with oversight and concurrence from facility. All products offered within a Bid Group will be available to be ordered for delivery at any location within that Bid Group. Any proposed alternate items shall meet the requirements of the Government specifications as cited in the Index of Federal Specifications/Standards (FED) and or commercial Item Description (CID). A-A-20052B and A-A-20053B. Contractor will not substitute any items and will not increase or decrease quantities ordered without prior approval from the COR or his/her designee. Should any product under this contract become unavailable or available on a limited basis, either temporarily or permanently, the Contractor shall provide the Government with sufficient notification thereof, offering possible substitutions and/or alternative sources, to afford the Government adequate opportunity to approve or reject offered substitution and/or make other procurement arrangements. The Government does not guarantee the estimated yearly quantity. Delivery Specifications All deliveries shall conform in every aspect to the provisions of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, USC Title 21, Chapter 9 (FD&C Act) and regulations promulgated there under. Where applicable, the interpretation of requirements (descriptive terms), methods ascertaining grades, testing, etc., shall be in accordance with those contained in the U.S. Standards for the products in effect on the date of solicitation. Deliveries shall be made between 6:30am and 10:00am, local time, on Monday through Saturday, as requested by the COR or his/her designee, excluding Sundays. NATIONAL HOLIDAYS: In accordance with 5 U.S.C. 6103, Executive Order 11582 and Public Law 94-97, the following holidays are observed and, for the purpose, of this contract are defined as Legal Federal Official Holidays : New Year s Day (1 January) Martin Luther King's Birthday (Third Monday in January) President s Day (Third Monday in February) Memorial Day (Last Monday in May) Independence Day (4 July) Labor Day (First Monday in September) Columbus Day (Second Monday in October) Veteran s Day (11 November) Thanksgiving Day (Fourth Thursday in November) Christmas Day (25 December) When a holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday shall be observed as a National Holiday. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the proceeding Friday is observed as a National Holiday by U.S. Government Agencies. Also included would be any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States to be a National Holiday. Deliveries shall be of specified items in quantities indicated in the purchase order provided. Deliveries shall be made to the following locations, unless otherwise directed by the COR: VA San Diego Healthcare System Building 1, Nutrition & Food Service 3350 La Jolla Village Dr San Diego, CA, 92101 Delivery Vehicle Specifications: Products shall be delivered in an enclosed truck, which protects the products from dirt or other contamination. The government further reserves the right to enter and inspect any vehicle used to deliver goods to assure safety and sanitary transport of items ordered. Such inspections may be made on a random basis, upon delivery, at the discretion of the COR or his/her designee. Temperature Requirements: Carrier equipment from straight loads of chilled products will be required to be pre-cooled to a maximum temperature of 40-degrees Fahrenheit and shall be capable of maintaining temperature with the range to destination. All dairy products shall be received at a temperature of 41 degrees or below. All delivery tickets and invoices referencing the purchase order number must show the total items delivered for each line item. A designated NFS (Nutrition & Food Service) employee shall sign for all deliveries. The Government reserves the right to inspect delivered goods for compliance of specifications, including, but not limited to, correct product(s) and quantities, proper packaging, damaged goods, etc. The contractor shall demonstrate compliance with performance standards by showing that their process adherences to an appropriately designated, validated, Hazard Analysis Critical Control Point (HACCP). Any item determined unacceptable shall be refused with full credit/replacement, at the discretion of the Government. Replacement of rejected products shall be delivered the same day, no later than 1:00PM, unless otherwise specified by the COR or his/her designee. Off-loading of products shall occur in the presence of VA authorized receiving personnel as indicated, or his/her designated representative. Contractors shall be responsible for providing hand trucks or dollies required to effect delivery to appropriate location. All contractor delivery personnel shall be required to wear a full company uniform, which clearly displays the name of the company and the individual, and shall be of a neat, clean appearance with appropriate hair containment. Contractor s employees shall wear identification (ID) badges during the entire period of time while on VA property. Items: Item # Description/Part Number* Qty Unit 1 Â BANANAS, BANA PETITE CASE 40#Â Â 100 case 2 Â PARSLEY, BUNCH EACHÂ Â 7 each 3 Â PEPPERS, GREEN BELL DICED 5 LBSÂ Â 65 5 lbs 4 Â COLESLAW, 5 LBS BAG 5#Â Â 185 Bag 5# 5 Â CUCUMBERS, SLICED PEELED 5 LBSÂ Â 255 5 lbs 6 Â LETTUCE, TRIMMED TOPS 5 LBS 5 LBSÂ Â 110 5 lbs 7 Â ONIONS, DICED 5 LBS 5 LBSÂ Â 79 5 lbs 8 Â SALADS, 4-WAY BAG 5 LBSÂ Â 650 5 lbs 9 Â LETTUCE, ICEBERG SHREDDED 5LBS BAG 5#Â Â 115 Bag 5# 10 Â GRAPES, LUNCH BUNCH RED 18 LBSÂ Â 37 18 lb 11 Â APPLES, RED 125 FCY 40 LBSÂ Â 1 40 lb 12 Â BERRIES, STRAWBERRY 12/12 OZ 9 LBSÂ Â 30 9 lb 13 Â CELERY, DICED 5 LBS 5 LBSÂ Â 37 5 lbs 14 Â MELONS, CANTALOUPES CUBES 5 LBSÂ Â 355 5 lbs 15 Â GRAPES, GREEN 18 LBSÂ Â 51 18 lb 16 Â MELONS, HONEYDEW CUBED 5 LBSÂ Â 399 5 lbs 17 Â MINT, LBS POUNDÂ Â 32 Pound 18 Â POTATOES, FINGERLINGS 5LB 106 5 lbs 19 Â TANGERINES, CLEMENTINES 5 LBS 5 LBSÂ Â 245 5 lbs 20 Â TOMATOES, CHERRY RED 12 PINTSÂ Â 260 12 Pints 21 Â TOMATOES, DICED 5 LBS 5 LBSÂ Â 45 5 lbs 22 Â SPRING MIX 3 LBSÂ Â 644 3 lbs 23 Â PEPPERS, RED BELL DICED 5 LBSÂ Â 140 5 lbs 24 Â TOMATOES, SLICED 5 LBS 5 LBSÂ Â 211 5 lbs 25 Â WATERELON, CHUNKS 5 LBS 5 LBSÂ Â 4 5 lbs 26 SQUASH, BUTTERNUT DICED5 LBS 4 5 lbs 27 ONIONS, RED, SLAB-CUT SLICED 1/4", 5 LBS 92 5 lbs 28 APPLES, GALA 125 WAXFÂ 40 LBS 2 40 lbs 29 ORANGES, PEELED 4ozÂ CUPÂ ea 1 ea 30 CABBAGE,GREEN DICED 2"x2 4/5# 20 LBS 1 20 lbs 31 CABBAGE,RED DICED 2"X2 4/5#Â Â 20 LBS 2 20 lbs 32 CARROTS, CARROTEENIES 100/2 OZÂ 100 EA 11 100 ea 33 CUCUMBERS, LRG 50/55, 40 LBSÂ (whole, not sliced) 20 40 lbs 34 FRUIT, SALAD MIX CAN/HON/RED G 4oz 88 4 oz 35 LETTUCE, GREEN LEAF SELECTS 10LBS (washed and cut whole leaves ready to serve) 20 10 lbs 36 LETTUCE, GREEN LEAF, 2 DOZ (24 heads, not washed or cut) 20 2 doz 37 LETTUCE, ROMAINE 3WAY 4/5LBS 2 4/5# 38 ORANGES, NAVEL 113 FCY 40 LBS 1 40 lbs 39 POTATOES, RUSSET 120Â CASE 10 case 40 ORANGES, VALENCIA 113 FCY 40 LBS 1 40 lbs 41 SPINACH, 4/2.5 BAGS 1 case 42 LEMONS,SLICED 5# TUB 1 5 lbs 43 PEARS, BARTLETT 135 FCY 1 40 lbs 44 ASPARAGUS, TIPS 15 LBS 1 15 lbs 45 BASIL, 1 LB 1 1 lb 46 BEANS, GREEN CLIPPED BAG 5 LBS 1 5 lbs 47 BRUSSELS 1/2 CUT TRIMMED 5# 1 5 lbs 48 PICO DE GALLO 5 LBS 1 5 lbs 49 CILANTRO, BUNCH EA 1 each 50 CARROTS, SHREDDED 1 LBS 1 Bag 1# If your company is interested and capable of providing the required supplies/services, you MUST provide the information indicated below OR your intent, interest to participation, and information provided will not be considered as valid for research purposes. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Submit your capabilities statement illustrating how your organization can/cannot meet the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirements. For instances where your company cannot meet the DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirement(s), please explain. For instances where your company can meet the DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirement(s), please show how your company meets/exceeds each requirement. (2) Please review the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirements and provide any additional feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (3) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. (4) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified in this RFI? (5) Are you the manufacturer, authorized distributor, and/or can your company provide a solution to the required supplies/services described in the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW? (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated/authorized distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified. (8) Limitations on Subcontracting: How does your business ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting as outlined in 13 CFR Â§ 125.6? (9) Are the items you are identifying/providing considered Commercial of the Shelf (COTS) items as defined in FAR Part 2.101 under commercial items? (10) Non-Manufacturer Rule: If applicable, can you confirm your business complies with the Non-Manufacturer rule? Specifically, does your company: Provide a product from a small business manufacturer or processor? Not exceed 500 employees? Primarily engage in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of item being supplied? Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? (11) Please indicate whether your product conforms to the requirements of the Buy American Act? Please indicate if manufacturer is/will be US domestic Small Business / US Domestic Large Business / Foreign. (12) What is your lead time to deliver a single unit with all components? Is there scale in lead time with greater quantities? Please elaborate. (13) What is estimated life span of your solution? What support/services does that entail? (14) Does your organization offer a leasing solution? Please elaborate. (15) Does your company have a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract? If so, please provide the contract number(s). (16) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract holder, are all the items/solutions you are providing information about available on your schedule/contract? Please state if all or some items are available on the contract. (17) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (18) Please provide your SAM.gov Unique Entity ID/Cage Code number. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to sam.choo@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Wednesday, March 25, 2026 by 10:00 AM PST. All responses to this Sources Sought/RFI will be used for planning purposes only. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI are not considered a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcement is issued as a result of the information provided from this RFI, all interested parties must respond to the specific posting separately IAW the specifications of that announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Choo, Sam
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: sam.choo@va.gov
  - Phone: sam.choo@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/54491a01dc58440f97ea81d381257ef9/view)