---
layout: default
title: COMBAT ELECTROMAGNETIC ENVIRONMENT SIMULATOR (CEESIM) AND NEXT GENERATION ELECTRONIC WARFARE EVIRONMENT GENERATOR (NEWEG) DEVELOPMENT AND UPGRADES (CENDUP)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 4941030688704cbf8f5623bb6d400ba4
---

# COMBAT ELECTROMAGNETIC ENVIRONMENT SIMULATOR (CEESIM) AND NEXT GENERATION ELECTRONIC WARFARE EVIRONMENT GENERATOR (NEWEG) DEVELOPMENT AND UPGRADES (CENDUP)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 18:12:36.837-04
- Solicitation Number: FA930426R5001

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS THIS SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. The Directorate of Contracting, Test Range and Specialized Contracting Division at the Air Force Test Center, Edwards Air Force Base, CA 93524 is conducting preliminary planning market research to obtain information from potential and eligible contractors for an Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (ID/IQ) contract. For detailed requirement, see attached Statement of Work (SOW). BACKGROUND: The 772 TS operates and maintains the Benefield Anechoic Facility (BAF), located within the Avionics Test and Integration Complex (ATIC), 412th Electronic Warfare Group (EWG), 412th Test Wing (TW), Air Force Test Center (AFTC), Edwards AFB CA. The BAF is host to numerous electronic warfare (EW) Test and Evaluation (T&E) capabilities, including radio frequency (RF) threat signal simulators, Communication, Navigation and Identification (CNI) simulators, and avionics systems stimulators. Under the current concept of operations, a System Under Test (SUT) can be placed inside the BAF chamber, which provides a controlled and secure test environment, and then stimulated with multiple signals found in the electromagnetic environment that the test article could experience in flight. The 772 TS requires continuous improvement in test methodologies and development specific to CEESIM and NEWEG systems in order to maintain its posture as the Center of Excellence (COE) for EW T&E. The 772 TS is dedicated to meeting test program challenges in risk management, cost savings, and improved capabilities by providing the expertise and facilities needed to field both hardware and software intensive EW test and support systems. These efforts are primarily funded through 3600 I&M funds from Air Force Test and Evaluation (AFTE) Test Investment Program and Planning (TIPP) and Department of Defense (DoD) Central Test and Evaluation Investment Program (CTEIP) but may also include 3400 Operations and Maintenance funds specifically for training on developed capabilities. The CENDUP effort will support the research and development (R&D) and procurement of capability enhancements to the BAF test environment specific to the CEESIM and NEWEG threat simulators, mainly focused, but not limited to the RF generation components of the systems. The CENDUP effort is an acquisition approach in which requirements, design implementation, test, and delivery may be done incrementally. Each incremental release adds to the overall system capability. The CENDUP contract will be constructed such that any appropriately funded in-scope project can be executed under the CENUP contract. While these efforts may require the occasional research into available technologies, CENDUP will focus primarily on the development and procurement of these CEESIM and NEWEG enhancements based on research completed by government intelligence agencies, the BAF Technical Experts, and engineering teams. NAICS / SMALL BUSINESS SIZE STANDARD: The associated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 541715 - Research and Development in the Physical, Engineering, and Life Sciences (except Nanotechnology and Biotechnology), with a small business size standard of 1,000 Employees. In accordance with (IAW) RFO 10.001(c), in order to determine if sources are capable of satisfying the agency need exists, the Government will consider all Sources Sought (SS) responses received, particularly those received from small businesses. Responses to this SS permits the Contracting Officer, IAW RFO 19.104-1(b), to consider an acquisition for the small business socioeconomic contracting programs to include 8(a), Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), or Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) programs, and to consider a small business set-aside (see RFO 19.104-1(a)). Small businesses in all socioeconomic categories are highly encouraged to identify capabilities in meeting the requirements at fair market prices. INSTRUCTIONS: Request that responsible entities submit a capability statement demonstrating their experience in meeting all or portions of the requirement as outlined in the attached DRAFT SOW. Please note that the DRAFT SOW attached to this annoucement is subject to further revision. Capability statements are not expected to be proposals, but rather statements regarding the entities existing technical and management capabilities to perform work as outlined within the DRAFT SOW. Please indicate which portions of work your entity believes it can meet if not all. All information furnished shall be in writing and must contain sufficient detail to allow the government technical representative to evaluate and determine if your entity can successfully meet the requirement. Information provided is for the sole purpose of conducting market research, and any information provided is strictly voluntary. Please include, but not limited to, the following: 1. Full name of your firm/venture, address, point of contact, point of contact phone number and email address. 2. Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code. 3. Small Business Size Status in associated NAICS 541715. 4. Socioeconomic status (Large or Small Business, certified 8(a), HUBZone, Women-Owned, Service-Disabled, Veteran-Owned). 5. Firm's/venture's ability to meet security requirements. 6. Evidence of recent (past 5 years) experience related to the requirement, to include Contract Number, Project Title and Description, and Points of Contact for each contract to include current telephone numbers and email addresses. 7. Return the draft SOW with industry comments, if any. 8. Interest in participating as a Prime or Subcontractor in a teaming arrangement. 9. Interest in attending Industry Day. 10. Any other information deemed pertinent that will aid in our assessment of your firm's capabilities. Request responses be submitted via email (preferred method), fax, or mail to the Primary and Secondary Point of Contacts as listed below. Responses should be limited to no more than 15 pages. Note: File size shall not exceed 10MB - emails over this size will not be received. Telephone requests for technical information will not be honored; however, respondents are encouraged to submit technical questions as well as comments in writing, (email preferred). Primary Point of Contact: Carlos A. Barrera Contract Specialist Email: carlos.barrera.8@us.af.mil Phone: (661) 275-2442 Secondary Point of Contact: Marc Venzon Contracting Officer Email: marc_anthony.venzon@us.af.mil Phone: (661) 277-3234 Contracting Office Address: Directorate of Contracting Attn: AFTC/PZZD 5 South Wolfe Avenue, Building 2800 Edwards AFB, California 93524-1185 INDUSTRY DAY (BASED ON INTEREST FROM RESPONDANTS): The 412th Test Wing Electronic Warfare Group may hold an industry day to present its mission and anticipated objectives of the services anticipated as well as meet and consider comments from industry. The government may schedule an industry day based on responses received resultant from this sources sought. WHERE: Directorate of Contracting, 5 South Wolfe Avenue, Building 2800, Edwards CA, 93524; Wolfe Yeager Conference Room WHEN: TBD THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AT THIS TIME. This is a request for information/sources sought announcement ONLY. This request for capability information does not constitute a request for proposal - no contract will be awarded from this notice and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. Submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary - the Government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred. The Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of any information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged. This notice is for planning purposes only, and does not constitute a solicitation for bids/proposals. Responses will assist the Government in determining whether to set-aside/restrict competition in some way or solicit offers from all responsible sources. If a Request for Proposal (RFP) is issued, it will be announced at a later date. All interested parties must respond to that RFP announcement separately from the response to this announcement, and are responsible for monitoring the Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website for the posting of any solicitation or subsequent updates.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Carlos A. Barrera
  - Email: carlos.barrera.8@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6612752442
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Marc Venzon
  - Email: marc_anthony.venzon@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6612773234

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4941030688704cbf8f5623bb6d400ba4/view)