---
layout: default
title: Exakt Pathology Bone Saw
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: d6758226f834484f9adb17db4cbdb614
---

# Exakt Pathology Bone Saw

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-01 13:23:45.346-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25726Q0415

## Summary

Special Notice – Notice of Intent to Award a Sole Source Procurement The Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration, Network Contracting Office 17, intends to award a firm-fixed priced contract to Exakt Technologies Inc, for procurement of the following requirement: PURPOSE: The purpose of this request is for a one-time acquisition of a pathology bone saw. The bone saw is designed to make grossing tissue bone specimens easier for the pathologist and pathology assistants. It dramatically reduces processing time for sample preparation and in turn reduces time from grossing to reporting. Request provides purchase of the bone saw and all required accessories. SECTION A - WORK STATEMENT 1. SCOPE: Vendor will provide delivery of purchased equipment and any parts required for optimal performance of the system. Vendor delivery responsibility includes: a. Shipment b. White-glove Delivery to site of installation c. Saw Install and set-up. d. System performance check e. Required periodic preventative maintenance and intermittent troubleshooting assistance and onsite repair. f. Provide basic and advanced operator training as needed. 2. LOCATION: The pathology saw will be utilized in Histology section of Rm 1B-328, Pathology and Laboratory Medicine Service at North Texas VA Healthcare System, 4500 S. Lancaster Rd, Dallas, TX 75216. 3. CAPABILITY REQUIREMENTS: The following are required w/ purchase: a. Requirements are as follows: 1) Stainless steel tabletop saw capable of precision cutting down to ~1mm 2) Splash guard 3) Standard blade saw 4) Cooling water for the blade cleaning 5) Cutting guide for cutting specimens b. On-site Repair/Maintenance/Technical Support: 1) All repair and maintenance will be handled in coordination with the NTVHCS Biomed department. 2) For issues that the Contractor determines to require on-site assistance, Contractor shall dispatch one or more Support Personnel, normally within 48 business hours after documentation. 3) Contractor shall submit a detailed work report to include all required materials. 4) Contractor shall provide all parts and materials at no additional cost to the government. 5) Contractor shall remove all parts, equipment or materials replaced or upgraded by the Contractor due to and not limited to repairs, replacements, recall, and upgrades without any cost to the government. 6) Support personnel will be available during business hours each business day, and live representatives will be available via telephone at all other times, whether dispatched by Contractor or technical support line. 7) Technical support shall be available via telephone during business days (and by message center after hours) to provide troubleshooting assistance or to answer service inquiries when necessary. 8) On-site technical support shall be available for escalations within 48 hours. c. Safety: Contractor shall immediately notify VANTCHS of any changes in procedure modification, recall notification, parts notification, or any changes that will affect the performance of the instrument according to FDA regulations. d. Test Performance: 1) All equipment must perform at manufacturer’s specifications. Deviations from the performance specifications shall be corrected by Contractor at no additional cost to the government. 2) Vendor shall reimburse VANTHCS for any costs incurred related to performance due to instrument issues or failure. The assessed damages will be applied to invoice as a credit. e. Warranty: 1) Contractor shall provide a service warranty to begin immediately after installation and to extend at least one (1) full year (365 days). 2) Additional service warranty contracts will be available for purchase through coordination with VANTHCS Biomedical department. 4. DELIVERABLES AND SUPPLIES: a. Contractor shall deliver all supplies necessary for equipment performance at no cost to the government. b. Contractor shall deliver (at no additional cost) all and not limited to operational, maintenance, troubleshooting, small repair, equipment specifications, and document material. c. In the event requested parts are unavailable, Contractor is to provide estimated time of availability. d. Any equipment modifications, updates, recalls, etc. will be immediately disclosed by the Contractor electronically as well as by postal mail with supporting documentation of the change, and detailed guidance for implementation withing twenty-four hours of its application. 5. CONTRACTOR SECURITY CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS: Contractor requires no access to VANTHCS or any VA information system. No equipment will be interfered with any VANTHCS information systems. If LIS integration is requested later, all necessary security contract requirements will be modified and granted as the government sees fit prior to information systems access. NO VA DATA OF ANY TYPE SHALL BE TRANSFERRED FROM THE VA. 6. EVALUATION CRITERIA: The Contractor shall provide the following documentation with their offer: • Pathology Bone Saw includes: o Stainless steel composition o Standard bone saw o Blade-cleaning water option o Splash guard for safety o Cutting guide for precise, detailed cutting Delivery address: VA North Texas Health Care System, 4500 S Lancaster Road, Dallas, Texas, 75216 Delivery Date: Within 120 days after receipt of order. The proposed sole source procurement will be made by a contract with Exakt Technologies, Inc. The requesting activity has submitted a sole source justification request that states that vendor is the only one that can provide the necessary required supplies and services. Market research did not find an alternate approved vendor that can provide the required supplies and services. This notice is not to be considered a request for quotations or proposals. No contract will be awarded on the basis of offers received in response to this notice; however, all responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency. Proposals or offers received will be used to determine if a comparable source is available and more advantageous to the government. No phone calls of any nature regarding this notice will be accepted. There will be no automated email notification of receipt of capability statement, proposal, or quotation. If no affirmative written response is received within 5 business days from the publication of this notice, a contract will be issued to PROAIM Americas, LLC without any further notice. The anticipated statutory authority permitting other than full and open competition for the requirement is 41 U.S.C. 3304(a)(1), as implemented by FAR 6.302-1, Only One Responsible Source and No Other Supplies or Services Will Satisfy Agency Requirements. End of Document

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joshua Weisman
  - Email: joshua.weisman@va.gov
  - Phone: 915-838-6452

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d6758226f834484f9adb17db4cbdb614/view)