---
layout: default
title: 59--EXTENDER BOARD,VME
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 8a0fd588308a419390ff050598afcac2
---

# 59--EXTENDER BOARD,VME

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-27 03:57:38.051-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010424QBT36

## Summary

NSN 1H-5998-014803151-X3, TDP VER 008, QTY 4 EA, DELIVER TO W25G1U, W1A8 DLA DISTRIBUTION, NEW CUMBERLAND, PA 17070-5002, DELIVER TO W62G2T, W1A8 DLA DIST SAN JOAQUIN, TRACY, CA 95304-5000. The Government does not own the data or the rights to the data needed to purchase / contract repair of this part from additional sources. It has been determined to be uneconomical to buy the data or rights to the data. It is uneconomical to reverse engineer the part. The proposed acquisition is 100% set aside for small business concerns (see FAR clause 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside). The specific type of set-aside will be addressed in the solicitation through inclusion of one of the appropriate clauses listed here: FAR 52.219-3 Notice of HUBZone Set-Aside or Sole Source Award FAR 52.219-27 Notice of Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside FAR 52.219-29 Notice of Set-Aside for Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business Concerns FAR 52.219-30 Notice of Set-Aside for Women-Owned Small Business Concerns Eligible Under the Women-Owned Small Business Program DFARS 252.226-7000 Notice of Historically Black College or University and Minority Institution Set-Aside Interested parties may obtain copies of Military and Federal Specifications and Standards, Qualified Products Lists (QPLs), Qualified Product Databases (QPDs), Military Handbooks, and other standardized documents from the DoD Single Stock Point (DODSSP) at Document Automation and Production Service (DAPS) in Philadelphia, PA. NOTE: Patterns, Drawings, Deviation Lists, Purchase Descriptions, etc. are NOT stocked at DODSSP. Most documents are available in Adobe PDF format from ASSIST-Online at: http://quicksearch.dla.mil/. Users may use ASSIST-Quick Search to search for and download available documents directly using standard browser software. Documents that are not available for downloading from ASSIST-Quick Search can be ordered from the DODSSP website using the ASSIST Shopping Wizard after obtaining a DODSSP Customer Account by following the registration procedures. Users who do not have access to the internet may contact the DODSSP ASSIST Help Desk at 215-697-2667 or 215-697-2179(DSN: 442-2667), or mail their requestDLA Document Services, Bldg. 4/D, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia PA 19111-5094. The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.302-1. All responsible sources may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals, quotations or capability statements. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all proposals received within 45 days (30 days if award is issued under an existing Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. The Government does not own the data or the rights to the data needed to purchase / contract repair of this part from additional sources. It has been determined to be uneconomical to buy the data or rights to the data. It is uneconomical to reverse engineer the part. The proposed acquisition is 100% set aside for small business concerns (see FAR clause 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside). The specific type of set-aside will be addressed in the solicitation through inclusion of one of the appropriate clauses listed here: FAR 52.219-3 Notice of HUBZone Set-Aside or Sole Source Award FAR 52.219-27 Notice of Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside FAR 52.219-29 Notice of Set-Aside for Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business Concerns FAR 52.219-30 Notice of Set-Aside for Women-Owned Small Business Concerns Eligible Under the Women-Owned Small Business Program DFARS 252.226-7000 Notice of Historically Black College or University and Minority Institution Set-Aside Interested parties may obtain copies of Military and Federal Specifications and Standards, Qualified Products Lists (QPLs), Qualified Product Databases (QPDs), Military Handbooks, and other standardized documents from the DoD Single Stock Point (DODSSP) at Document Automation and Production Service (DAPS) in Philadelphia, PA. NOTE: Patterns, Drawings, Deviation Lists, Purchase Descriptions, etc. are NOT stocked at DODSSP. Most documents are available in Adobe PDF format from ASSIST-Online at: http://quicksearch.dla.mil/. Users may use ASSIST-Quick Search to search for and download available documents directly using standard browser software. Documents that are not available for downloading from ASSIST-Quick Search can be ordered from the DODSSP website using the ASSIST Shopping Wizard after obtaining a DODSSP Customer Account by following the registration procedures. Users who do not have access to the internet may contact the DODSSP ASSIST Help Desk at 215-697-2667 or 215-697-2179(DSN: 442-2667), or mail their requestDLA Document Services, Bldg. 4/D, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia PA 19111-5094. The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.302-1. All responsible sources may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals, quotations or capability statements. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all proposals received within 45 days (30 days if award is issued under an existing Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: TAYLOR N. BLOOR, N9434.26, PHONE (717)605-7990, EMAIL TAYLOR.BLOOR@NAVY.MIL
  - Email: TAYLOR.BLOOR@NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8a0fd588308a419390ff050598afcac2/view)