---
layout: default
title: GSA PBS Southeast Multiple Award IDIQ for General Construction Services
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: c70381f37ca645e791d5f0c983fac020
---

# GSA PBS Southeast Multiple Award IDIQ for General Construction Services

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 16:10:09.053-04
- Solicitation Number: GSAPBS-SoutheastGCIDIQ-SourcesSought

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought Notice and is for informational purposes only. NO AWARD WILL BE GENERATED FROM THIS NOTICE.THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS, QUOTATIONS, OR BIDS. Per Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responses do not affect a potential offeror's ability to respond to any future synopsis/solicitation. This announcement is a market survey for information only. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this announcement. No telephone calls will be accepted requesting a bid package or solicitation. A solicitation does not presently exist. Respondents will not be notified of the evaluation and any information by respondents to this notice is strictly voluntary. This sources sought synopsis is for an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Multiple Award Task Order (MATOC) Construction Contract. The primary use of this contract will typically be for construction projects from the simplified acquisition threshold (FAR 2.101) to the prospectus threshold (https://www.gsa.gov/real-estate/capital-investment-and-leasing-prospectus-library/annual-prospectus-thresholds) for the states of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Tennessee, Kentucky, Mississippi, and Alabama. The General Services Administration (GSA), Public Buildings Service (PBS), is seeking information on technically capable, and otherwise responsible, general contractors (GC) for the anticipated solicitation for a Multiple Award General Construction Services Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity Contract. Description of Intended Contract An IDIQ is a type of contract that provides for an indefinite quantity, within stated limits, of supplies or services during a fixed period. The GSA intends to award multiple contracts for general construction services resulting from a future solicitation. The number of awardees will be determined at a later date. Awardees will be provided fair opportunity in accordance with FAR 16.507 for specific requirements where a single task order will be issued based on selection criteria established at the ordering level, unless an exemption exists. These IDIQ contracts may be made available for use to any Federal agency with the appropriate contracting authority to be able to place task orders against Government-wide IDIQ contracts. Industry feedback on this approach is also requested. The Government is considering structuring the IDIQ contracts to provide order-level flexibility for task orders to be placed that are either commercial or non-commercial. Each contract awarded will contain a guaranteed minimum amount for the base period to be identified in the solicitation. The Multiple Award IDIQ will be for a maximum contract length of five years. The first ordering period is expected to begin in Fall 2026. General Description of Services A GC shall supervise, administer, perform, and contract all construction activities required to complete a project. Construction activities for the anticipated solicitation include but are not limited to: Office construction and/or renovations/repairs MEP (Mechanical/Electrical/Plumbing) repairs/modifications/replacement Fire sprinkler systems repairs/modification/replacement Sitework, exterior construction repair and alterations (including facades and roofs) Demolition (including abatement of hazardous materials) Elevator modernizations and any other construction activities the government may require The GC may be required to utilize the following delivery methods to deliver projects for the GSA: Design/Bid/Build (DBB) Traditional Design/Build (D/B) Design/Build Bridging Construction Manager as Constructor (CMc) Location of Services The anticipated geographical location for this requirement will include the states of North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Tennessee, Kentucky, Mississippi, and Alabama. Interested vendors are not required to cover the entire geographic area. Please indicate the states where you can operate in the sources sought questionnaire. GSA reserves the right to add additional geographic areas. Size Standard The applicable NAICS code is 236220, Commercial and Institutional Building Construction, and the small business size standard is $45 million. Selection Procedures The anticipated contract will be procured utilizing one of the source selection procedures as described in FAR Part 15.103 to select the firms offering the best value to the Government. Insurance Firms will be expected to provide and maintain, during the entire performance of the contract, the minimum amounts of insurance required for work on a Government Installation, in accordance with FAR Clause 52.228-5. The minimum amounts, as specified in FAR subpart 28.307-2, are as follows: Workers Compensation and Employer’s Liability ($100,000); General Liability ($500,000 per occurrence / $50,000 per occurrence for property damage); Automobile Liability ($200,000 per person / $500,000 per occurrence for bodily injury / $200,000 per occurrence for property damage). Bonding Requirements Bonding will be handled at the task order level, but each interested firm will need to display the ability to obtain bonding up to the prospectus threshold at the solicitation phase of this procurement. System for Award Management Registration All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database. The website for registration in the SAM database is www.sam.gov. All contractors interested in obtaining a copy of the anticipated future solicitation must be registered in the Government Point of Entry (GPE) – www.sam.gov. Response Information Interested contractors shall complete the Sources Sought Questionnaire (Link provided in Attachment/Links Section) via Google suite no later than 5:00 PM EDT on Friday, May 1, 2026. If a contractor is unable to complete this form through the Google suite, they shall complete the attached form and return to the contracting officer no later than 5:00 PM EDT on Friday, May 1, 2026 via email at Patrick.Mullen@gsa.gov. Responses to this sources sought announcement will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. All interested Small Business contractors are encouraged to submit responses. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response. After review of the information received, a solicitation may be published on www.sam.gov. A determination by the Government to proceed with the acquisition as a set-aside is within the sole discretion of the Contracting Officer.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Patrick Mullen
  - Email: Patrick.Mullen@gsa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c70381f37ca645e791d5f0c983fac020/view)