---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought - John Day Cavitation Repairs
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: bb15249db9a14b99ac1f906b6976c0e7
---

# Sources Sought - John Day Cavitation Repairs

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-20 14:06:22.257-04
- Solicitation Number: W9127N-26-B-1BL0

## Summary

General. This is a SOURCES SOUGHT and is for informational/market research purposes only. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL, QUOTATION OR BID, NOR A SYNOPSIS OF A PROPOSED CONTRACT ACTION UNDER FAR SUBPART 5.2. This Sources Sought is to gain knowledge of the interest, capabilities, and qualifications of industry so the government can make informed business decisions. We are seeking responses from both large and small business members of industry to include: Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Businesses to include 8(a) firms, Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUBZone), Woman-Owned Small Business (WOSB) to include Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business (EDWOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small business (SDVOSB) and Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB). All interested parties are highly encouraged to respond. Reponses to this Sources Sought announcement will be used by the Government to make business decisions and to inform potential future solicitations. The North American Industrial Classification Code (NAICS) for this requirement is: 237990 – Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction The related size standard is: $45,000,000. Formal Sources Sought Response Due – 4MAY2026 at 1:00 pm PST. Project Background. The work site is located at John Day Dam. Contractor access to the work site will be from I-84 Exit 109. Cavitation damage on the generator blades and runner occurs to some degree on every generator unit over a 5-year period of operation. This is especially true on generators with blocked blades. The two units in question for this job have blocked blades with a stainless overlay. The government anticipates a significant amount of cavitation repairs on both units. Project Scope. The Government will safely bring down the generator unit, install a working platform, and identify cavitation repair zones of priority prior to contractor mobilization. The contractor will remove 12 blocks (two for each blade), excavate Government identified zones to sound material, fill with mild steel, complete a stainless-steel overlay, and return to original design tolerances. After successful completion of the first unit, the same work sequence is planned for the second generator unit. Anticipated Construction Schedule: CENWP intends to advertise June 2026 with an anticipated award October 2026. Estimated Construction Cost (ECC): The current ECC is between $500,000 and $1,000,000. Number and Type of Contracts: NWP contemplates awarding one firm fixed priced construction contract. The acquisition strategy decision has not yet been determined. Maximum Small business participation is being sought at both the Prime and subcontracting levels. Anticipated Source Selection Process: The expected method to determine the best value to the government is IFB. Project Specific Constraints and Challenges: CMMC Level 1 Self Certification will be required. Contractors will need to be “Certified” to review any CUI Invitation for Bid documents and have a “Conditional Status” in order to receive an award. Submission Instructions. Formal responses to this Sources Sought notice must be submitted electronically (via email) with SUBJECT: Sources Sought – JD Cavitation Repairs. Please email to Jessica Manley, Contracting Specialist, at Jessica.Manley@usace.army.mil and Cory Pfenning, Contracting Officer, at Cory.R.Pfenning@usace.army.mil, before 1:00 pm Pacific Standard time on 4 May 2026. Interested parties’ responses to this Sources Sought shall be limited to four (4) pages and shall include the following information: Firm's name, address, point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, CAGE and Unique Entity ID. Firm's business category and size: Large Business (include summary of small business participation metrics), Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Businesses to include 8(a) firms, Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUBZone), Woman-Owned Small Business (WOSB) to include Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business (EDWOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small business (SDVOSB) and at the subcontracting level, Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB). An explanation of the prime firm’s capabilities, special qualifications/certifications and equipment and describe the work to be self-performed as it pertains to the proposed work outlined in the Project Scope. Include current CMMC Level or timeline to obtain required level. A description of work performed under similar project constraints and challenges listed under paragraph 3. Project Examples (for Joint Ventures, please include projects completed by the Joint Venture if available). Note these examples are used to determine if the government can acquire this using a Set-aside: To be considered for a potential set aside strategy, it is recommended contractors provide a minimum of one (1) and maximum of three (3) projects and be certified in removing asbestos. These project examples should be similar in size, scope and complexity to the work described in paragraph 3 of this notice, with a description of each project (to include pertinent qualitative and quantitative information about featured scope elements), and include the following: Project Title Contract Number Contract award date Customer name, phone number and email address Prime or Subcontractor Initial contract dollar value Final contract dollar value Initial contract completion date Final contract completion date Customer satisfaction The Government may verify information in CPARS or PPIRS. Firm's Joint Venture information if applicable - existing and potential. Firm's Bonding Capability. Firm's interest and the likelihood in bidding on the solicitation when it is issued. (Refer to planned advertisement and performance dates) Responses to the government’s questions in paragraph 5 and any other information the contractor feels the government needs to be aware of. Disclaimer and Important Notes. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this Sources Sought or any follow up information. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization's capabilities to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or to provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. All interested firms must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov to have size status considered. You must remain current for the duration of the source selection process to be eligible for award of a Government contract.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jessica Manley
  - Email: jessica.manley@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bb15249db9a14b99ac1f906b6976c0e7/view)