---
layout: default
title: NIH Gateway to Research Opportunities for the Workforce (GROW) Program
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e5759b2238cd4a75a7a494166f5c8ccd
---

# NIH Gateway to Research Opportunities for the Workforce (GROW) Program

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-23 08:02:37.907-04
- Solicitation Number: 75N98026Q00122

## Summary

This is a Small Business Sources Sought notice for market research purposes only. This is NOT a solicitation for proposals, proposal abstracts, or quotations. The purpose of this notice is to obtain information regarding: (1) the availability and capability of qualified small business sources; (2) whether they are small businesses; HUBZone small businesses; service-disabled, veteran-owned small businesses; 8(a) small businesses; veteran-owned small businesses; woman-owned small businesses; or small disadvantaged businesses; and (3) their size classification relative to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for the proposed acquisition. Your responses to the information requested will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method, including whether a set-aside is possible. An organization that is not considered a small business under the applicable NAICS code should not submit a response to this notice. This notice is issued to help determine the availability of qualified companies technically capable of meeting the Government requirement and to determine the method of acquisition. It is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. Responses will not be considered as proposals or quotes. No award will be made as a result of this notice. The Government will NOT be responsible for any costs incurred by the respondents to this notice. This notice is strictly for research and information purposes only. Background: The NIH Gateway to Research Opportunities for the Workforce (GROW) Program, formerly known as the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) Undergraduate Summer Research Preparatory Program, provides funding to contracted sites to implement either a two-year program designed to prepare high school students from American Indian/Alaska Native (AI/AN) communities or undergraduate students from resource limited institutions (RLIs) to become competitive applicants for future research training program. In recent years, graduate programs increasingly expect incoming students to have substantial research experience prior to matriculation. However, even pre-college and undergraduate summer programs have raised the bar and now expect applicants to have significant prior scientific experience. High school students from AI/AN communities and undergraduates from RLIs often experience limited access, exposure, and opportunities to engage in biomedical research, as well as a lack of awareness about available research programs. Since disadvantages tend to be cumulative, this lack of an entry point often prevents the talented students from these communities from progressing into summer research programs at research-intensive institutions and the eventual research investigator pathway. While NIH offers funding mechanisms for training, these mechanisms largely fund a competitive pool of research-active and -intensive schools that already have a base of established grant-funded research mentors, research infrastructure, and feasibility/preliminary data for the design of their training program. The NIH GROW Program aims to bridge this gap by providing contracted sites the support needed to develop a competitive research training program at their institution. This program will provide students from AI/AN communities and RLIs the opportunity to participate in biomedical research and receive guidance from experienced researchers to become competitive applicants for future research opportunities. Moreover, a goal of the NIH Strategic Plan is to develop, maintain, and renew scientific human resources that will ensure the nation's capability to prevent disease and increase health for all. Expanding the pipeline of new trainees through both tracks of the NIH GROW Program aligns directly with this mission. The high school track of the NIH GROW program also supports the NIH Tribal Health Research Office Strategic Plan by increasing awareness of NIH research and training opportunities among AI/AN communities. By fostering greater participation in biomedical research, the program encourages more AI/AN students to pursue careers in health and science to serve their communities. The NIH GROW program is specifically designed to expand access to biomedical research opportunities for students who have not previously been exposed to such experiences and who may lack access to research training. Through this program, students will gain technical and analytical skills, engage in professional development seminars, and participate in career-planning activities. Purpose and Objectives: The objective of the NIH GROW program is to offer high school students from AI/AN communities and college students from RLIs a broad range of introductory research experiences, establishing a strong foundation of scientific and research skills and competencies. Contracted sites for the NIH GROW program must design a career-stage-appropriate program for their selected track that includes a seven- to eight-week summer program along with one enrichment activity in both the fall and spring. Offerors are required to develop a comprehensive summer curriculum that includes, but is not limited to, the following: Hands-on research experience: Student participants should have exposure to basic and clinical laboratory experiences, allowing them to acquire new technical and analytical research skills. The students shall learn laboratory techniques commonly used in biomedical research, develop skills on planning and performing experiments and analyzing data effectively, maintain a laboratory notebook, and read and evaluate scientific literature. Establishing partnerships with local medical schools or clinical facilities are highly recommended to achieve the program’s goals. Research seminars and journal clubs: The curriculum should include a science lecture series, offering students the opportunity to engage with the institution’s faculty and distinguished local scientists, while exploring various scientific fields and emerging technologies. Programs are also highly encouraged to host a weekly scientific journal club with informal discussions about current events related to scientific developments and human health. For the high school track only, the curriculum must include a Traditional Knowledge component that must be presented by a member of the Native community. For the undergraduate track only, the curriculum must include discussions on community health in various areas of biology, including neuroscience, to learn how health in different communities is affected by different diseases and medical conditions that are often more prevalent in rural and densely populated communities. Professional development and academic support: The program should provide students with academic support, mentorship, and career readiness seminars on topics such as time management, scientific writing, oral communication, leadership skills, resume building, how to present a poster, writing a cover letter, and applying to summer research programs. Enrichment activities offered during the academic year should offer activities related to mentoring opportunities, professional development, college readiness, career exploration, or preparation for applying to the summer research programs in future years. Contracted sites are expected to host a cohort of 10-15 students each year (base and option year). Possible topics for a program will be provided in the attached sample curriculum, but each offeror is expected to tailor the curriculum to their student population, career level, and the existing resources at the institution. Only in-person or hybrid (combination of in-person and virtual) programs will be considered. The objective of this contract is to provide comprehensive training to high school students from AI/AN communities and undergraduate students from RLIs, equipping them with the necessary research experience to become competitive applicants to summer research programs at the NIH or other research research-intensive institutions following completion of the NIH GROW program. Broad objectives of the contract goals include: Enhance confidence to participate in biomedical research/STEM-M fields Foster greater interest in pursuing STEM-M bachelor’s or graduate degrees Expand knowledge of pathways to clinical and/or biomedical research careers Strengthen the sense of community between peers, program faculty and staff, and NIH officials. Project requirements: The NIH GROW Program has two distinct tracks based on career level: one for high school students and another for undergraduate students. Offerors may submit a quote to a resultant solicitation for only one track (AI/AN-high school or RLIs-undergraduate). It is anticipated that specific requirements shall include the following: Eligibility Institutions For the NIH GROW Program High School Track, contractors must be situated near AI/AN communities. The contractor must also have demonstrated extensive experience working with AI/AN communities, providing program support services, and coordinating programs to increase scientific experience. The Contractor must have evidence of an ongoing relationship with the Tribal community for whom they will provide this training program. For the NIH GROW Program Undergraduate Track, contractors must: Award undergraduate degrees (B.S. and B.A.) in biomedical sciences. Have received less than $6 million per year in NIH R01 support (total funding) in each of the preceding three fiscal years. R01 support data will be confirmed using the NIH RePORTER. Enroll at least 25% of undergraduate students supported by Pell grants based on the most recent two years of data available from the Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS) database maintained by the National Center for Education Statistics. The Contractor must also have demonstrated extensive experience working with students from RLIs, providing program support services, and coordinating programs to increase scientific experience. The contractor must have evidence of an ongoing relationship with the RLI community for whom they will provide this training program. Program Participants For the NIH GROW Program High School Track, contractors will be expected to conduct a research training program for 10-15 rising high school juniors living on an AI/AN reservation or near the Tribal community, who are interested in pursuing a career in STEM-M. Program participants must be able to attend the Base Period summer program and fall enrichment activity. All program participants are eligible to return for the Option Period One spring enrichment activity and summer program. If any students who participated in the Base Period do not return for Option Period One, the Contractor must replace them with a capable rising high school senior to participate in the Option Period One summer program. The Contractor shall coordinate with student participants to determine a schedule that maximizes participation for the fall and spring enrichment activities. For the NIH GROW Program Undergraduate Track, the contractor will be expected to conduct a research training program for 10-15 rising freshman and sophomore undergraduate students (preferred) who have little or no prior research experience and intend to pursue a career in STEM-M. Rising juniors and seniors in undergraduate programs may also participate as long an appropriate curriculum is offered for this audience. All program participants must be recruited from an RLI. Any recruitment of students who are not specifically enrolled at an RLI is subject to approval from the Contract Officer’s Representative. The contractor should make their best efforts to retain the same group of students who participated in the Base Period during Option Period One. However, in the event a student who participated in the Base Period summer program elects not to participate in the Option Period One summer program, the contractor shall recruit and replace the departing student with an undergraduate student capable of meeting the requirements of the more advanced curriculum in the Option Period One summer program. Program Curriculum For both program tracks, the Base Period summer program will be based on the attached sample curriculum and schedule. The Base Period (year 1) of the contract will include a: Seven- to eight-week Bast Period summer program One-day fall enrichment activity that builds off the Base Period summer program For both program tracks, the contractor is expected to develop their own curriculum for Option Period One summer program which is more advanced and builds off the lessons learned in the Base Period summer program. The Option Period One (year 2) of the contract will include a: One-day spring enrichment activity that builds off the Base Period summer program Seven- to eight-week Option Period One summer program The contractor will be expected to host a welcome and farewell ceremony for their summer program participants. Contractors shall provide student participants a certificate following the completion of the NIH GROW Program at the farewell ceremony. Delivery or Deliverables (for both tracks, unless stated otherwise): The contractor shall: Identify qualified key personnel to coordinate the NIH GROW Program, ensuring that all key personnel have the appropriate expertise and experience in biomedical research to administer the program (travel personnel as needed). Define and identify all required supplies (both administrative and scientific) as well as all curriculum needs for the entire two-year program. High school track only: Coordinate with local Tribal high schools in the region to identify qualified personnel who can assist in recruiting rising high school juniors. Undergraduate track only: Coordinate the recruitment 10-15 rising freshmen and sophomore college students from RLIs capable of participating in the Base Period summer program and fall activity. Students who are recruited shall be capable of returning for the Option Period One spring activity and summer program. Coordinate local travel/transportation for students to the summer program and enrichment activities, if necessary Create the Base Period and Option Period One summer curriculum and schedule, including a list of seminars, workshops, and speakers. Provide a list of student enrichment activities planned for the academic year. At least two activities, such as professional development workshops, career sessions, and/or scientific lectures, are required throughout the program: one during the fall of the Base Period and one during the spring of Option Period One. Provide a tentative agenda for both the summer welcome and farewell ceremonies to the NIH Contract Officer’s Representative (COR). Coordinate with local universities and/or medical schools to provide a laboratory and/or clinical environment to host the summer program activities. High school track only: Coordinate with local universities to provide oversight for a Traditional Knowledge activity Undergraduate track only: Coordinate with local universities to identify qualified personnel to provide oversight on community health component of the curriculum to teach about various diseases and medical conditions that are prevalent in local community environment. Provide all final training program materials, schedules, and curriculum to the NIH COR for review and approval prior to the start of the NIH GROW Program. Create weekly and final program evaluations for the summer program for participant feedback, collecting data on the program’s effectiveness and areas of improvement of the program, student learning outcomes, satisfaction of training activities offered (both scientific and professional development), the quality of teaching/classroom environment, administrative processes, , etc. All evaluation results/data should be submitted to the NIH COR at the end of the Base Period and Option Period One summer programs. Track all participant’s academic progression and successes for at least 2-4 years after completing the NIH GROW Program. This could include if the student consistently maintained a strong GPA during their high school and/or college years (3.0 or above), pursued a science major throughout their four years of college, graduated from the university/college with a B.S. or B.A. in the sciences, and/or participated in the NIH Summer Internship Program (SIP) or an equivalent summer research training program as an undergraduate or beyond. Anticipated period of performance & contract type: The anticipated period of performance shall include one 12-month base period effective at time of award and one 12-month option period to extend the term. A resultant award shall be firm-fixed price. Other important considerations: Government funds obligated is not authorized for travel, food and beverage should a resultant solicitation and/or award be made. Capability statement /information sought. Small business concerns that believe they possess the capabilities to provide the required products or services should submit documentation of their ability to meet each of the project requirements to the Contracting Officer. The capability statement must specifically address each of the project requirements separately. Additionally, the capability statement should include 1) the total number of employees, 2) the professional qualifications of personnel as it relates to the requirements outlined, 3) any contractor GSA Schedule contracts and/or other government-wide acquisition contracts (GWACs) by which all of the requirements may be met, if applicable, and 4) any other information considered relevant to this program. Small businesses must also provide their Company Name, UEI number, Physical Address, and Point of Contact Information. Interested small businesses are required to identify their type of business, applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code, and size standards in accordance with the Small Business Administration. The government requests that no proprietary or confidential business data be submitted in a response to this notice. However, responses that indicate the information therein is proprietary will be properly safeguarded for Government use only. Capability statements must include the name and telephone number of a point of contact having authority and knowledge to discuss responses with Government representatives. Capability statements in response to this market survey that do not provide sufficient information for evaluation will be considered non-responsive. When submitting this information, please reference the solicitation notice number. The respondent must also provide their DUNS number, organization name, address, point of contact, and size and type of business (e.g., 8(a), HubZone, etc., pursuant to the applicable NAICS code and any other information that may be helpful in developing or finalizing the acquisition requirements. One (1) copy of the response is required and must be in Microsoft Word or Adobe PDF format using 11-point or 12-point font, 8-1/2” x 11” paper size, with 1” top, bottom, left and right margins, and with single or double spacing. The information submitted must be in and outline format that addresses each of the elements of the project requirement and in the capability statement /information sought paragraphs stated herein. A cover page and an executive summary may be included but is not required. The response is limited to ten (10) page limit. The 10-page limit does not include the cover page, executive summary, or references, if requested. The response must include the respondents’ technical and administrative points of contact, including names, titles, addresses, telephone and fax numbers, and e-mail addresses. All responses to this notice must be submitted electronically to the Contracting Officer. Facsimile responses are NOT accepted. The response must be submitted via e-mail to the Contracting Officer, Rieka Plugge, at rieka.plugge@nih.gov. The response must be received on or before 4/06/2026, 8:00 A.M., Eastern Standard Time. “Disclaimer and Important Notes: This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a presolicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published in Federal Business Opportunities. However, responses to this notice will not be considered adequate responses to a solicitation. Confidentiality: No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response. The Government reserves the right to use any non-proprietary technical information in any resultant solicitation(s).”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: PLUGGE, RIEKA N
  - Email: rieka.plugge@nih.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e5759b2238cd4a75a7a494166f5c8ccd/view)