---
layout: default
title: 7A21--DSS/CNT Template Minburn | 646-26-3-053-0017 | SEA 40872 (VA-26-00041152)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 000a7bf40da24aaba1e2a280ed14a76b
---

# 7A21--DSS/CNT Template Minburn | 646-26-3-053-0017 | SEA 40872 (VA-26-00041152)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-16 07:57:18.435-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24426Q0399
- Awardee: null

## Summary

NOTICE OF INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE: IAW RFO FAR 5.101 this notice is to advise the public that The Department of Veterans Affairs, Regional Procurement Office East (RPOE), Network Contracting Office 4, intends to award a sole source, Firm-Fixed-Price contract pursuant to RFO FAR 19.106-3 to Minburn Technology Group located at 9716 Amon Chapel Rd, Great Falls, VA, 22066, for the period 04/01/2026 to 10/30/2026. The Pittsburgh VA Medical Center (VAMC) requires automated clinical notes templates software that is fully compatible with Veterans Affairs Computerized Patient Record System (CPRS) and Veterans Heath Information Systems and Technology Architecture (VISTA) to maintain its ability to produce accurate, consistent, and regulatory compliant clinical notes. THIS NOTICE OF INTENT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE PROPOSALS or QUOTATIONS. Responsible sources that believe they can meet the requirements may give written notification by submitting capability information that clearly demonstrates the capability to perform all required work and applicable certifications/licenses for the Hardware/Software. Capability information is required prior to the response due date and time, to establish the ability of the source to meet this requirement. Capability information should not be a generic mission statement or marketing material. Supporting evidence must be furnished in sufficient detail to demonstrate the ability to perform the requirements and must include relevant corporate experience along with the applicable contract number, total contract dollar amount, contract period of performance, details of the relevant services and customer point of contact with corresponding telephone number and email address. Responses must include following information: 1. Company Name 2. SAM UEI number 3. Company s address 4. Point of Contact information (title, phone number and email address) 5. Business size/classification A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. The Government will not be responsible for any costs associated with the preparation of responses to this notification. Responses are due by 2:30pm ET, Thursday, March 19, 2025. No submissions will be accepted after this date and time. Responses shall be submitted via email to jefferson.mann@va.gov. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted. The NAICS code for this acquisition is 541519 and the size standard is 150 Employees. STATEMENT OF NEED The VA Pittsburgh Healthcare System (VAPHS) is comprised of two main campuses and ancillary facilities in the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. The locations of the two campuses are: H. J. Heinz III Progressive Care Facility (HJH), 1010 Delafield Rd, Pittsburgh, PA 15215; University Drive (UD) campus, 1 University Drive C, Pittsburgh, PA 15240; VAPHS determined that an automated Clinical Notes Templates system tied into the existing computerized patient records system would facilitate better outcomes and a better patient experience. SCOPE/OBJECTIVE VAPHS purchased and installed an automated Clinical Notes Templates software package which is fully compatible with the existing Computerized Patient Record System (CPRS) and the Veterans Health Information Systems and Technology Architecture (VISTA). VAPHS wishes to continue with this Clinical Notes Templates software package. TASKS Clinical Note Templates (CNT) software must enable providers to produce accurate, consistent, and compliant progress notes. Key Requirements: Integrates seamlessly with VistA and CPRS. Must be completely ready for use by VAPHS clinical staff. Includes hundreds of time-saving specialties-specific templates mapped to VistA and CPRS Provides realistic graphical illustrations for wound assessment. Calculates assessment scores automatically. Meet all CARF, HIMSS, and CMS guidelines and Joint Commission standards. Ability to map health factors for data collection. Three new non-patient safety or Joint commission templates will be provided per contract period. Service Expectations: One hour call back for urgent issues affecting patient care 2-hour call-back for non-urgent issues (and before end of business day). 4-hour return email for non-urgent issues. Continue to provide: Standard service M-F 8am-8pm EST with 24x7 emergency support. Provide as needed training to key administrative personnel for file loading, folder organization/maintenance. Urgent modifications, based on mandatory Joint Commission requirement, and emergent modifications, based on a confirmed patient safety issue, submitted to cntchangerequests@dssinc.com will be moved to the top of the queue and started immediately at no additional cost. Non-urgent and new template request submitted to cntchangerequests@dssinc.com will immediately be placed in the queue and started based on the order received at no additional cost. INVOICING Contractor must provide an annual invoice for the software license/package purchased under this contract. The invoice provided by the Contractor must be organized in a way that allows direct reference to dates of service, services performed and will reference a specific Purchase Order number. The price schedule for all services rendered by the Contractor will be established in advance. GOVERNMENT-FURNISHED PROPERTY VAPHS will furnish electricity, data wiring, information technology (IT) hardware, and space (physical and electronic) for installation of the Contractor s software and any specialized equipment needed for the automated discharge instruction system.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jefferson Mann
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: jefferson.mann@va.gov
  - Phone: 717-202-5456

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/000a7bf40da24aaba1e2a280ed14a76b/view)