---
layout: default
title: RFI- AMSS Kit Components
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 03f14901c8d040aca29d9499f35ec4a2
---

# RFI- AMSS Kit Components

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-06 13:49:18.087-04
- Solicitation Number: PdMFSS-2601

## Summary

INTRODUCTION: This announcement constitutes a Request for Information (RFI) notice for the Arctic Mobility Sustainment System (AMSS) described below. IMPORTANT NOTICE: This RFI notice is being issued for the purpose of determining market capability of sources and assessing industries’ current capabilities in specific technological areas. This does not constitute an Invitation for Bid (IFB), a Request for Proposal (RFP), a Request for Quote (RFQ) or an indication that the Government will contract for any of the items and/or services contained in this notice. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS. NO SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS EXIST AT THIS TIME. Any information provided does not constitute a proposal but will be considered an exchange of capabilities and ideas. The Government will not be responsible for any cost incurred in furnishing this information or potential participation in the event. This RFI does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise, that the government will take procurement action in this matter. All information received in response to this notice that is marked Proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses will be reviewed, and candidate technologies of interest will be invited to participate in an Industry Day event in June 2026 to demonstrate and show the technology based on information provided in response to this RFI. Additional field evaluations may be completed. The due date for responses to this RFI is 16 April 2026, 5pm EST. BACKGROUND: The Arctic Mobility Sustainment System (AMSS) addresses the need for equipment to operate effectively in the Arctic environment, where extreme cold, challenging terrain, and long distances require specialized capabilities. AMSS is being developed as a system that enables dismounted Soldiers to transport sustainment and survivability equipment essential for 72-hour operations. Current arctic equipment is outdated, unit-procured, and often in disrepair, failing to optimize Soldier mobility and survivability. The AMSS mitigates these gaps by improving mobility, reducing logistical strain, and enhancing Soldier safety in hazardous cold weather environments. Product Manager Force Sustainment Systems (PdM FSS) is evaluating solutions to address gaps in legacy systems to include, but not limited to, rapid deployment and strike, system weight, equipment modernization, and system durability. Information received from this RFI may ultimately result in requests for equipment manufacturers to demonstrate their capabilities at no cost or risk to the Government. This RFI will help inform the Government's acquisition strategy for a potential future production effort that could exceed 3,000 systems. Requirements: Mature technologies (TRL 7+) and products that can provide the following capabilities are of interest: (See TRL definitions on attached document) Arctic Transport System with Cover Shall be towable by soldiers while on skis, snowshoes, or on foot, and be compatible with existing soldier equipment Front and rear side attachment points Front and rear push points Shall fit in a UH-60 w/ doors closed Appropriately sized to carry shelter and other issued end items. Shall have multiple lift points to enable soldiers to lift, carry or maneuver without pinching, causing injuries to hands Shall be capable of being towed by snowmobiles and other Climatic Zone 7 all-terrain motorized vehicles Additional Components Harness Quick release capability Pole/Trace line anchor system 5x 9ft Trace Lines Arctic Heater Shall be easily assembled and maintained by soldiers to prevent damage to equipment and bodily harm Shall be operable and able to direct/vent exhaust outside of a shelter Shall be lightweight and portable Shall be compatible with Class III Petroleum, Oil, and Lubricants Diesel, kerosene, or motor gas-based fuels Wood, coal, Naphthal/White gas Shall have a fire mat Shall heat an arctic shelter from –40 to +40 in one hour Maximum time to repair shall not exceed 15 mins for 90% of field level maintenance tasks Locking Carabiners Shall support tactical tasks in mountainous terrain Ascent/Descent Negotiating steep inclines Support Casualty evacuation Shall enable soldiers to lift, carry, and maneuver equipment and personnel Closed Major Axis Strength - 24 kN Open Major Axis Strength - 8 kN Minor Axis Strength - 8 kN Oval-type Carabiner (Locking not required) Shall support towing of a sled system weighing up to 800lbs Closed Major Axis Strength - 24kN Open Major Axis Strength - 8 kN Minor Axis Strength - 8 kN Shall support towing by Climatic Zone 7 vehicles Bow Saw Locking: locked when in operation, stowable when not in use. Integrated: Minimal likelihood of losing components that render the saw inoperable. Collapsable Avalanche Shovel Shall serve as a shovel/hoe system Separate modes for traditional shoveling and use as a hoe Shall have a “D-handle” for use with mittens T – handles are not compatible with mittens worn in arctic environment Lopper At least 18”, ideally 20-24" One per squad or one per team Multipurpose Tool Shall be able to clean an arctic heater system. Plyer Picks Philips and flathead screwdriver Make sled repairs Plyer/wrench to service bolts Make shelter repairs Plyer Emergency Blanket Shall support 98th percentile height/weight measurements of a soldier Male – 73", ~200lbs Female - 68”, ~166lbs Shall provide ? 12 hours of thermal insulation to maintain safe body temperature for a casualty in ambient temperatures of –40 F down to -65 F Shall provide ? 24 hours of active heating in ambient temperatures of –40 F down to -65 F Shall have access points to provide medical treatment without removing the casualty from the system Shall have multiple carrying handles for lifting, carrying, and maneuver Shall be compatible with litter systems Shall be small and lightweight while still meeting performance requirements Emergency Stove Collapsible Lightweight Shall be compatible with both wood and solid fuel sources These systems shall have the following: Berry Amendment compliant. Buy American Act compliant. Fully operational at –40 F, and ideally at -65 F with ice, snow, moisture, and thermal cycling. Ergonomically suitable for soldiers wearing issued cold-weather clothing (mittens, multiple layers). Lightweight while still meeting operational requirements. Meet relevant MIL-STD-810H environmental requirements. Five (5) years of useful life. 10 years of storage life. Shall be of subdued color that blends in with arctic environments and does not produce a large signature. Capable of operating for a continuous 72-hour mission. CONTENT AND FORMAT OF PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS: The electronic copy of responses is to be in .PDF or .DOCX compatible format using a size 12 font with one-inch margins. Following a review of the responses received, PdM FSS may elect to request additional information, to gain additional information about their proposed solution(s). SUBMISSION – should include: The intent of the product synopsis is to identify systems/technologies that have already been shown to meet many of the performance requirements listed above and could be demonstrated. To respond to this RFI, please complete a white paper addressing the below listed information of interest white paper, NOT TO EXCEED 10 PAGES, with additional pertinent information. Do not attach marketing brochures, test reports, or other extraneous materials to your submission as they will not be reviewed nor will they be considered as part of the evaluation. INFORMATION OF INTEREST The US Army seeks Commercial-Off–The-Shelf (COTS) or emerging technologies of Technology Readiness Level 7 (TRL 7) or higher (See TRL definitions on attached document) that represent the state of the art. Contractors are requested to provide all of the following information for consideration within a white paper (not to exceed 10 pages): a. A cover page labeled with the heading Arctic Mobility Sustainment System (AMSS) Product Information, Including product name, the manufacturer, and manufacturer address, technical point of contact, telephone number, email address and at least one photograph of the end item. b. An executive summary describing the product. c. No more than 10 pages including: Product technical description. Fully describe the product inclusive of all components. (i.e. operational concept, system weight, system cube when packed for transportation, system dimensions when deployed for use, and any other applicable components. Narrative and graphical depiction of the proposed system including core technologies, deployment methods, and important subsystems. Product specifications with particular emphasis on quantitative metrics and capability. Applicable physical attributes to include parameters such as capacities, input requirements, salient output capabilities, or other quantitative characteristics as appropriate. Any identified areas of concern or risk in the supply chain for the product. Relevant history of product (or similar product) utilization and any test results applicable to the system requirements. Test reports may be requested after review. Identify all tools and equipment required for operation. Transportation requirements and limitations. Consumables – Discuss all system consumables, including maintenance items. Catalog price or rough estimate of unit cost. Detailed description of manufacturing capability to include production capacity and throughput information. Capability to scale production Production timeline to deliverable systems Locations of manufacturing. d. Provide the product’s Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code. U.S. Based Companies Companies based in the U.S that need a CAGE Code must first create an account at SAM.gov and then begin a new entity registration. The company will be required to provide core business information, including its legal name, physical address, and Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), which must match IRS records. After all required sections are completed and submitted, the registration will be validated. Upon successful activation, a CAGE Code is automatically assigned to the company’s profile. International Based Companies Companies located outside of the U.S. must first obtain a NATO Commercial and Government Entity (NCAGE) from their country’s National Codification Bureau (NBC) or directly from the NATO Support and Procurement Agency (NSPA). Once an NCAGE Code has been assigned, the company must register on SAM.gov to become eligible to conduct business with the U.S. governmentIf your technology is of interest, the Government Team will contact you with an invitation to participate in an Industry Day that will occur in June 2026. All companies will be notified of invitation/non-invitation decisions before the end of May 2026. The Government reserves the right to request additional clarifying information from each respondent. SUBMISSION DATE AND ADDRESS: Electronic responses to this notice are requested to be emailed to the following Points of Contact no later than16 April 2026, 5pm EST. Raul Lopez, Project Lead, raul.a.lopez.civ@army.mil Clinton McAdams, Project Engineer, clinton.b.mcadams.civ@army.mil The subject line of the e-mail should contain the words Arctic Mobility Sustainment System (AMSS). Please note: Brochures or other descriptions of general organizational or individual capabilities will not be accepted as a response. All responses will be assigned to an identification number, and an email will acknowledge receipt. NOTE: This RFI is issued for the purpose of determining market capability of sources and does not constitute an indication that the Government will contract for any of the items and/or services contained in this notice. All information received in response to this notice that is marked Proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses may not include classified material. Responses to this notice will not be returned. No reimbursement will be made for any costs to provide information in response to this announcement or any follow-up information requests. Information contained herein is based on the best information available at the time for publication, is subject to revision, and is not binding upon the Government. Availability of any formal solicitation will be announced under a separate Federal Business Opportunities announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Raul Lopez
  - Email: raul.a.lopez.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Clinton Mcadams
  - Email: clinton.b.mcadams.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Front and rear push points Shall fit in a UH-60 w/ doors closed Appropriately sized to carry shelter and other issued end items. Shall have multiple lift points to enable soldiers to lift, carry or maneuver without pinching, causing injuries to hands Shall be capable of being towed by snowmobiles and other Climatic Zone 7 all-terrain motorized vehicles Additional Components Harness Quick release capability Pole/Trace line anchor system 5x 9ft Trace Lines Arctic Heater Shall be easily assembled and maintained by soldiers to prevent damage to equipment and bodily harm Shall be operable and able to direct/vent exhaust outside of a shelter Shall be lightweight and portable Shall be compatible with Class III Petroleum, Oil, and Lubricants Diesel, kerosene, or motor gas-based fuels Wood, coal, Naphthal/White gas Shall have a fire mat Shall heat an arctic shelter from –40 to +40 in one hour Maximum time to repair shall not exceed 15 mins for 90% of field level maintenance tasks Locking Carabiners Shall support tactical tasks in mountainous terrain Ascent/Descent Negotiating steep inclines Support Casualty evacuation Shall enable soldiers to lift, carry, and maneuver equipment and personnel Closed Major Axis Strength - 24 kN Open Major Axis Strength - 8 kN Minor Axis Strength - 8 kN Oval-type Carabiner (Locking not required) Shall support towing of a sled system weighing up to 800lbs Closed Major Axis Strength - 24kN Open Major Axis Strength - 8 kN Minor Axis Strength - 8 kN Shall support towing by Climatic Zone 7 vehicles Bow Saw Locking: locked when in operation, stowable when not in use. Integrated: Minimal likelihood of losing components that render the saw inoperable. Collapsable Avalanche Shovel Shall serve as a shovel/hoe system Separate modes for traditional shoveling and use as a hoe Shall have a “D-handle” for use with mittens T – handles are not compatible with mittens worn in arctic environment Lopper At least 18”, ideally 20-24" One per squad or one per team Multipurpose Tool Shall be able to clean an arctic heater system. Plyer Picks Philips and flathead screwdriver Make sled repairs Plyer/wrench to service bolts Make shelter repairs Plyer Emergency Blanket Shall support 98th percentile height/weight measurements of a soldier Male – 73", ~200lbs Female - 68”, ~166lbs Shall provide ? 12 hours of thermal insulation to maintain safe body temperature for a casualty in ambient temperatures of –40 F down to -65 F Shall provide ? 24 hours of active heating in ambient temperatures of –40 F down to -65 F Shall have access points to provide medical treatment without removing the casualty from the system Shall have multiple carrying handles for lifting, carrying, and maneuver Shall be compatible with litter systems Shall be small and lightweight while still meeting performance requirements Emergency Stove Collapsible Lightweight Shall be compatible with both wood and solid fuel sources These systems shall have the following: Berry Amendment compliant. Buy American Act compliant. Fully operational at –40 F, and ideally at -65 F with ice, snow, moisture, and thermal cycling. Ergonomically suitable for soldiers wearing issued cold-weather clothing (mittens, multiple layers). Lightweight while still meeting operational requirements. Meet relevant MIL-STD-810H environmental requirements. Five (5) years of useful life. 10 years of storage life. Shall be of subdued color that blends in with arctic environments and does not produce a large signature. Capable of operating for a continuous 72-hour mission. CONTENT AND FORMAT OF PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS: The electronic copy of responses is to be in .PDF or .DOCX compatible format using a size 12 font with one-inch margins. Following a review of the responses received, PdM FSS may elect to request additional information, to gain additional information about their proposed solution(s). SUBMISSION – should include: The intent of the product synopsis is to identify systems/technologies that have already been shown to meet many of the performance requirements listed above and could be demonstrated. To respond to this RFI, please complete a white paper addressing the below listed information of interest white paper, NOT TO EXCEED 10 PAGES, with additional pertinent information. Do not attach marketing brochures, test reports, or other extraneous materials to your submission as they will not be reviewed nor will they be considered as part of the evaluation. INFORMATION OF INTEREST The US Army seeks Commercial-Off–The-Shelf (COTS) or emerging technologies of Technology Readiness Level 7 (TRL 7) or higher (See TRL definitions on attached document) that represent the state of the art. Contractors are requested to provide all of the following information for consideration within a white paper (not to exceed 10 pages): a. A cover page labeled with the heading Arctic Mobility Sustainment System (AMSS) Product Information, Including product name, the manufacturer, and manufacturer address, technical point of contact, telephone number, email address and at least one photograph of the end item. b. An executive summary describing the product. c. No more than 10 pages including: Product technical description. Fully describe the product inclusive of all components. (i.e. operational concept, system weight, system cube when packed for transportation, system dimensions when deployed for use, and any other applicable components. Narrative and graphical depiction of the proposed system including core technologies, deployment methods, and important subsystems. Product specifications with particular emphasis on quantitative metrics and capability. Applicable physical attributes to include parameters such as capacities, input requirements, salient output capabilities, or other quantitative characteristics as appropriate. Any identified areas of concern or risk in the supply chain for the product. Relevant history of product (or similar product) utilization and any test results applicable to the system requirements. Test reports may be requested after review. Identify all tools and equipment required for operation. Transportation requirements and limitations. Consumables – Discuss all system consumables, including maintenance items. Catalog price or rough estimate of unit cost. Detailed description of manufacturing capability to include production capacity and throughput information. Capability to scale production Production timeline to deliverable systems Locations of manufacturing. d. Provide the product’s Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code. U.S. Based Companies Companies based in the U.S that need a CAGE Code must first create an account at SAM.gov and then begin a new entity registration. The company will be required to provide core business information, including its legal name, physical address, and Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), which must match IRS records. After all required sections are completed and submitted, the registration will be validated. Upon successful activation, a CAGE Code is automatically assigned to the company’s profile. International Based Companies Companies located outside of the U.S. must first obtain a NATO Commercial and Government Entity (NCAGE) from their country’s National Codification Bureau (NBC) or directly from the NATO Support and Procurement Agency (NSPA). Once an NCAGE Code has been assigned, the company must register on SAM.gov to become eligible to conduct business with the U.S. governmentIf your technology is of interest, the Government Team will contact you with an invitation to participate in an Industry Day that will occur in June 2026. All companies will be notified of invitation/non-invitation decisions before the end of May 2026. The Government reserves the right to request additional clarifying information from each respondent. SUBMISSION DATE AND ADDRESS: Electronic responses to this notice are requested to be emailed to the following Points of Contact no later than16 April 2026, 5pm EST. Raul Lopez, Project Lead, raul.a.lopez.civ@army.mil Clinton McAdams, Project Engineer, clinton.b.mcadams.civ@army.mil The subject line of the e-mail should contain the words Arctic Mobility Sustainment System (AMSS). Please note: Brochures or other descriptions of general organizational or individual capabilities will not be accepted as a response. All responses will be assigned to an identification number, and an email will acknowledge receipt. NOTE: This RFI is issued for the purpose of determining market capability of sources and does not constitute an indication that the Government will contract for any of the items and/or services contained in this notice. All information received in response to this notice that is marked Proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses may not include classified material. Responses to this notice will not be returned. No reimbursement will be made for any costs to provide information in response to this announcement or any follow-up information requests. Information contained herein is based on the best information available at the time for publication, is subject to revision, and is not binding upon the Government. Availability of any formal solicitation will be announced under a separate Federal Business Opportunities announcement

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/03f14901c8d040aca29d9499f35ec4a2/view)