---
layout: default
title: 6515--R-SERIES DEFIBRILLATOR REPLACEMENT (VA-26-00031950)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 3fe50cb5af60447ca24f42ed27a4c32d
---

# 6515--R-SERIES DEFIBRILLATOR REPLACEMENT (VA-26-00031950)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 12:41:47.013-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0423
- Awardee: null

## Summary

DRAFT STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) DELIVERY POINT OF CONTACT. Name: Eric Wilhelm Section: Supply Chain Management Address: 1201 NW 16th Street Miami, FL 33125 Phone Number: 786-849-0500 Fax Number: None E-Mail Address: Eric.Wilhelm@va.gov Contract Title. Hospital Defibrillators Replacements and Installation Background. The Department of Veterans Affairs, Bruce W. Carter Medical Center requires a state-of-the-art defibrillator to ensure the highest level of cardiac care for our veterans. The defibrillator is an essential piece of medical equipment used to provide emergency treatment for life-threatening cardiac dysrhythmias. Item # Description/Part Number* Qty Unit 1 R Series ® ALS Defibrillator (30720005201310012) 89 EA 2 Sure Power Rechargeable Lithium Ion Battery Pack (8019-0535-01) 89 EA 3 R WiFi Card with Clock Sync and FIPS (8005-000103-01) 89 EA 4 Case Review Subscription, 3 Year, R Series and Xseries (8400-100013) 89 EA 5 Base Deployment Setup. Basic Onsite Deployment (8400-110001) 1 EA 6 Trade-In Allowance 89 EA 7 Volume Discount 1 EA Scope. The project scope includes the procurement, delivery, and installation of Zoll defibrillators. The supplier is expected to ensure that the defibrillators comply with all regulatory and safety standards. Additionally, ongoing maintenance and support services should be included to ensure the defibrillators remain in optimal working condition. The vendor shall provide all Defibrillators with the specifications listed below. Defibrillators that are not Brand Name Zoll may be able to meet the requirements if they are equal to the below Salient Characteristics. Shall have the ability to: Energy Selection must be Joules Paddle Controls must have charge, discharge, energy select Waveform Shape must be Biphasic o Biphasic, energy, J: 1-10, 15, 20, 30, 50, 75, 100, 120, 150, 200 ECG Monitor must have 3-channel color LCD screen Must have an external Pacemaker Specific Oxygen: SPO2 End-tidal CO2: ETCO2 Must have a non-invasive blood pressure monitor Must have Lithium-Ion Battery Power Charge Time must be less than four (4) hours Must have electronic filter to remove chest compression artifacts from ECG Must have ability for device to provide CPR feedback both audibly and visually Must have device must be able to self-test on power-up, daily, weekly, or more in an automatic fashion Must have automated clock syncing via WIFI Must have software for wireless defibrillator and AED readiness monitoring and management Must have software for CODE data review Must have defibrillators must have a 5-year warranty AEDs must have CPR feedback for users during a resuscitation event Monitor must display a Rectilinear Biphasic Waveform. necessary for noting Atrial Fibrillation for possible cardioversion Must have the ability for temporary external cardiac pacing in conscious or Must have device must have FIPS 140-2 certification Must be interchangeable with the pacing/defibrillator pads currently in CGVAMC inventory. Must have the ability to wirelessly transmit data to other sources Must have the ability for temporary external cardiac pacing in conscious or unconscious patients as an alternative to endocardial stimulation. External Pacing is indicated for pediatric and adult patients. Must have ability for use to make continuous temperature measurements of rectal, esophageal, or surface temperatures, and to alarm if the temperature is outside of the limits set by the user. The temperature monitoring feature is indicated for use in patients from newborn (neonate) to adult. Must have compatible (interchangeable) cables and defibrillator/pacing pads with other agencies that respond to VAMC or surrounding community medical centers. Must have Side stream Waveform Technology Warranty and Support. The contractor shall provide manufacturer(s) warranty on devices. Provide full warranty for a period of 5 years from installation to include any corrective maintenance that may be needed. During the warranty period, the Contractor shall repair or repair without charge, any parts which are deemed to be defective. Specific Tasks. Once procured and delivered the contract will be completed. The procured equipment will be installed by the government. Performance Monitoring. Once the equipment is procured, delivered the contract will be completed except for exercising use of the manufacturer s warranty. Security Requirements. All VA sensitive information shall be protected at all times, in accordance with VA local site guidelines. The Contractor shall report any known or expected security/privacy incidents, or any unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information, to the COR. The physiological equipment shall have Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) 140-2 compliant Encryption for connectivity to secure Wi-Fi. The physiological equipment shall have approved Enterprise Risk Assessment for connectivity to the Local Area network. The Software version shall be approved within the Office of Information and Technology (OIT) Technical Reference Model for installation on Office of Information and Technology (OIT) virtual server and Office of Information and Technology (OIT) workstations. The Health Level-7 (HL7) interface for sending infusion reports to the patient electronic health record. The devices shall have Integration and Interoperability. The Contractor shall follow all Government rules and regulations regarding information security to prevent disclosure of sensitive information to unauthorized individuals or organizations, and shall adhere to all VA Privacy & Security, the Privacy Act, and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPPA) requirements when obtaining and reviewing information. Government-Furnished Equipment (GFE)/Government-Furnished Information (GFI). All GFE/GFI will be kept and disposed of by the government. Inspection and Acceptance Criteria. Once the equipment is received, it will need to be tagged by Supply Chain Management and inspected by Bio-Med. The Nursing Service CO need to be notified of receipt and delivery so acceptance can be completed. Invoices. Offeror may submit invoices for any completed and government accepted items on the Price Schedule. See VAAR Clause 852.232-72, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests for invoicing procedures. Payment will be made upon receipt of a properly prepared detailed invoice, prepared by the Contractor, validated by the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). A properly prepared invoice will contain: Invoice Number and Date Contractor s Name and Address Accurate Purchase Order Number Supply or Service provided. Total Amount Due Place of Performance. The contractor shall ensure all deliverables are delivered to the following address and reference the Purchase Order number as an Attn: line in the shipping address: Miam VA Medical Health System (Doral Warehouse) 6725 NW 36th Street Suite 695 Miami, FL 33166 Period of Performance. The equipment is to be procured, delivered and installed within 90 days of award. Period of Performance shall be within ninety (90) days after contract is awarded. Working hours are between 8:00 am to 4:30 pm, Monday through Friday excluding weekends and federal holidays. VA follows all Federal holidays that are sent by law (USC Title 5 Section 6103). The Government hereby provided notice and Contractor hereby acknowledges receipt that Government personnel observe the listed days as holidays: New Year s Day January 1 Martin Luther King Jr. s Birthday Third Monday in January President s Day Third Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth June 14 Independence Day July 4 Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in October Veterans Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day Fourth Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25 When a holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday will be observed as a legal holiday. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday is observed by the US government agencies. In addition to the days designated as holidays, the Government observes the following days: Any other day designated by Executive Order Any other day designated by the President s Proclamation; and Any other day designated by Federal Statute

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David G Henry
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: David.Henry3@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3fe50cb5af60447ca24f42ed27a4c32d/view)