---
layout: default
title: Weed Abatement Services at Edwards AFB
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 4213d5a35ee24118a88f7df61c76e122
---

# Weed Abatement Services at Edwards AFB

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 17:26:14.418-04
- Solicitation Number: FA930226Q0021

## Summary

Amendment #1 - Included quote format requirements. WEED ABATEMENT SERVICES AT EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE Please see attached Statement of Work (SOW) and SF 1449 for further details. (i) Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with RFO Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number FA930226Q0021 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ) for weed abatement services for one (1) base year and four (4) one-year option periods. Please provide the full solicitation number on all packages. Offerors may utilize the attached SF1449 to complete quote information in addition to a separate quote (in PDF format); ensuring the quote contains information and pricing for all contract line items (CLINs) included on the SF1449. Offerors are required to submit with their quote enough information for the Government to evaluate the requirements detailed in this combined synopsis/solicitation. Offerors shall submit quotes via email, please note the maximum file size is 10MB. Emails over this file size will not be received. Submit only written offers; oral offers will not be accepted. PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING CONTRACTOR INFORMATION WITHIN YOUR QUOTE: 1. SAM UEI: 2. TIN Number: 3. CAGE Code: 4. Contractor Name: 5. Payment Terms (NET 30) or Discount: 6. Point of Contact Name and Phone Number: 7. Email address: 8. Warranty: 9. Date Offer Expires: 10. FOB Destination: 11. Estimated Delivery Lead Time: This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns, specifically a 100% Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) Set-Aside. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. (ii) Line Item Numbers CLIN Description Quantity Unit of Measure 0001 Weed Abatement Services - Initial Clean-Up IAW SOW 1 Each 0002 Quarterly follow-up services IAW SOW 4 Each 1001 Option Year 1 Quarterly follow-up services IAW SOW 4 Each 2001 Option Year 2 Quarterly follow-up services IAW SOW 4 Each 3001 Option Year 3 Quarterly follow-up services IAW SOW 4 Each 4001 Option Year 4 Quarterly follow-up services IAW SOW 4 Each (iii) Description of Requirements Please see attached Statement of Work for a complete description of the requirement. (iv) Date(s) and Place(s) of Delivery and Acceptance Place of Performance: 20/40 Hoglan Ave, Edwards AFB, CA. Specifically the surrounding areas at BLDGs 1020, 1022A, and 1040 to include the parking perimeter area. Period of Performance: Base Year: ~23 March 2026 – 22 March 2027 Option Periods: Four (4) consecutive one-year periods thereafter. Initial clean-up services must be completed within 30 days of contract award. Follow-up services shall be performed quarterly during the base year and each option year. Acceptance: Acceptance of services will be conducted by the Mission Partner at the place of performance. (v) Applicable Solicitation Provisions The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management. Please see attached SF1449 for a complete list. (vi) Applicable Contract Clauses FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Please see attached SF1449 for a complete list. (vii) Date, Time, and Place for Receipt of Offer Offer Due Date & Time: Offers are due by 17 March 2026 at 2:00 PM, Pacific Daylight Time (PST). Offer Due Date & Time: Offers must be sent via email to both) Carmen Barahona at carmen.barahona@us.af.mil AND Karla Vazquez at karla_lizette.vazquez_montes@us.af.mil. No late submissions will be accepted. Primary Point of Contact: Carmen Barahona Contract Specialist carmen.barahona@us.af.mil Secondary Point of Contact: Karla Vazquez Contract Officer karla_lizette.vazquez_montes@us.af.mil (viii) Other Additional Information Basis for Award: Award will be made on a Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) basis. To be found technically acceptable, the offeror must demonstrate the ability to meet the requirements of the attached Statement of Work. ***Please read the evaluation criteria closely. If vendor does not provide a full response, it will be found unresponsive*** The solicitation provides that quotations will be evaluated using the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) source selection process. The award will be made to the responsible offeror whose proposal represents the lowest evaluated price while meeting the acceptability standards for the non-cost factors. The evaluation will proceed as follows: Quotations will be ranked according to price, from lowest to highest. The lowest-priced quotation will then be evaluated for technical acceptability. The Government reserves the right to evaluate additional quotations for technical acceptability if it is determined to be in the best interest of the government. No trade-offs will be made between price and technical factors. Evaluation Factors: 1. Price The Government will evaluate the total price for reasonableness. 2. Technical Acceptability To be rated "Acceptable," a quotation must meet the minimum requirement of the following subfactor. This is a pass/fail evaluation. Subfactor 1: Ability to Provide Required Services The offeror must clearly demonstrate its ability to provide all required services as listed in the Statement of Work. The Government will award a purchase order to the responsible offeror whose quote is responsive to the RFQ and is determined to be the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable. Questions: The period for questions regarding this RFQ will end at 3:00 PM (PDT) on 13 March 2026. Please send all questions to the buyer via email at carmen.barahona@us.af.mil. Phone inquiries are not available currently. All questions and answers will be posted to this RFQ. NAICS Code: The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number for this acquisition is 561730 with a size standard of $9,500,000. Small Business Certification: All responsible Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns with an active SDVOSB certification from the Small Business Administration may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. SITE VISIT: A site visit is scheduled for Friday 13 March 2026 @ 9AM (PDT). Please email Contract Specialist Contract Specialist carmen.barahona@us.af.mil and Contracting Officer Karla Vazquez karla_lizette.vazquez_montes@us.af.mil by 09 March 2026 @ 12PM (PDT) to confirm your interest in the site visit. A DoD Safe link will be provided by the Contract Specialist after receipt of your email so Personal Identifiable Information (PII) can be safely submitted. See attached Site Visit Announcement for more information. DO NOT SUBMIT PII VIA EMAIL. NO LATE SITE VISIT REQUESTS WILL BE ACCEPTED.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Carmen Barahona
  - Email: carmen.barahona@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Karla Vazquez
  - Email: karla_lizette.vazquez_montes@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4213d5a35ee24118a88f7df61c76e122/view)