---
layout: default
title: Army National Guard Military Construction, Engineering/Housing Maintenance Shop, Camp Santiago, Salinas, PR
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 39565a6131584d6dbb0c70474d373d8b
---

# Army National Guard Military Construction, Engineering/Housing Maintenance Shop, Camp Santiago, Salinas, PR

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 11:39:34.629-04
- Solicitation Number: W912LR26BA0002

## Summary

The Puerto Rico Army National Guard (PRARNG) United States Property & Fiscal Office (USPFO PR) Purchasing & Contracting (P&C) Division intends to issue an Invitation for Bids to award a single firm fixed-price contract for services, non-personal, to provide all plant, labor, transportation, materials, tools, equipment, appliances and supervision necessary for the Construction of Engineering Housing Maintenance Shop (EHMS) at Camp Santiago, Salinas Puerto Rico. Scope of Work: The project includes all labor, materials, equipment and incidentals necessary to construct a 21,117 gross square feet Engineering Housing Maintenance Shop (EHMS) facility supporting the Department of Public Works for the maintenance and repair of buildings, roadways, grounds, and utility systems for Camp Santiago Joint Training Center (CSJTC) for PRARNG. The new EHMS facility will consist of a series of specialized repair shops, a supporting operator work bay, Supply Warehouse, administration wing, break room & conference area, locker rooms, and toilet/shower rooms (including a specialized operationally requested dirty toilet/shower area). Primary repair shop operations will include Paint, HVAC, Electrical, Plumbing, Screen, Carpenter, Welding, and Ground Maintenance shops. Circulation will be primarily covered exterior walkways, and support spaces include mechanical, electrical, telecommunications, fire pump, and general support spaces as part of the facility. Site supporting facilities include but not limited to site preparation, fine grading and seeding, stormwater/storm drainage management measures, rigid and flexible pavements to include specialized service vehicle parking, curbing, fencing, sidewalks, exterior fire protection, utilities (electric, water, wastewater/sewer), information systems, and physical security (AT/FP) measures. In addition to the base work contract line item (CLIN) described above, the solicitation will include the following option line items: CLIN#1. Supply Warehouse CLIN#2. Classroom/Break Area CLIN#3. Rigid Concrete and Asphalt Paving CLIN#4. Operational Partition at EHMS CLIN#5. Full-Height Personnel Lockers & Benches at EHMS CLIN#6. Heavy-Duty Shelving and Cantilevered Racks CLIN#7. Supporting Facilities CLIN#8. Furnitures, Fixtures, & Equipment (FF&E) The contract duration will be 730 calendar days after notice to proceed to include inspection and punch list. This project is set aside 100% for Small Business concerns. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 236220, with a small business size standard of $45,000,000 average annual revenue for the previous five (5) years. The magnitude of construction is between $10,000,000 and $25,000,000. The tentative date for issuing the solicitation is on-or-about 4 June 2026. The date for the pre-bid conference and location will be provided in the solicitation. Interested contractors are encouraged to attend and shall follow conference registration and base access requirements shown in the solicitation. A site visit will follow the pre-bid conference. The bid opening date and time will be identified in the solicitation. Interested offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). To register go to www.SAM.gov. Instructions for registering are on the web page (there is no fee for registration). The solicitation and associated information and the plans and specifications will be available only from the Contract Opportunities page at SAM.gov. Your attention is directed to Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) clause 52.219-14(e)(3) (DEVIATION 2021-O0008), LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING, which states “By submission of an offer and execution of a contract, the Offeror/Contractor agrees in performance of the contract for General construction, it will not pay more than 85 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor’s 85 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded”. In accordance with RFO FAR 36.101-4, the following information is provided: (1) The National Guard has no agency-specific policies or procedures applicable to definitization of equitable adjustments for change orders under construction contracts other than those described at Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) 43.304, DFARS RFO Deviation 243.304 and AFARS 5143.304. (2) Data for the prior 3 fiscal years regarding the time required to definitize equitable adjustments for change orders under construction contracts for the National Guard is currently not available but will be compiled and provided in future announcements. DISCLAIMER: The official plans and specifications are located on the official Government webpage, and the Government is not liable for information furnished by any other source. Amendments, if/when issued will be posted to Contract Opportunities for electronic downloading. This will normally be the only method of distributing amendments prior to closing; therefore, it is the offeror’s responsibility to check the website periodically for any amendments to the solicitation. Websites are occasionally inaccessible, due to various reasons. The Government is not responsible for any loss of Internet connectivity or for an offeror’s inability to access the documents posted on the referenced web pages. The Government will not issue paper copies.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Argenies Gonzalez (Contract Specialist)
  - Email: argenies.e.gonzalezgarcia.mil@army.mil
  - Phone: 787-289-1400 ext. 7694
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Amanda Bogue (Contracting Officer)
  - Email: amanda.m.bogue.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/39565a6131584d6dbb0c70474d373d8b/view)