---
layout: default
title: 6640--Porta Count Model 8408-T Respirator Fit Testing Equipment
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f1c2ee9bd7aa40fb9d55ea1a2622f29c
---

# 6640--Porta Count Model 8408-T Respirator Fit Testing Equipment

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-20 08:52:11.546-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0403
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 7 of 7 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 7 DESCRIPTION Notice of Intent to Award as Sole Source: The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office 8 (NCO 8) intends to award a Sole Source, Firm-Fixed Price contract to TSI Inc., for the procurement of PortaCount Respirator Fit Tester - Model 8048. It is the Government s belief that the proposed candidate is the sole source provider of a specialized fit test system with accessories, FitPro Ultra Fit Test Software, and the Microsoft Surface Go Tablets. PortaCount Respirator Fit Tester - Model 8048. Currently, VISN 8 facility laboratories use the PortaCount Respirator Fit Tester - Model 8048, which ensures compatibility, reliability, and streamlined workflows. This announcement is being issued for information purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation or request for competitive proposals. Responsible sources that oppose this decision may identify their interest by submitting their capability information and/or an OEM Authorization Letter by 1:00PM EST, on Wednesday March 25, 2026. Interested firms must indicate the following: 1.Â Name and address of company 2.Â Primary point of contact, including phone number and e-mail address 3. Federal Supply Schedule (FSS), if available 4. Applicable socioeconomic categories and any pertinent information, which demonstrates firm s ability to meet the requirement. 5. Experience. Brief descriptions of recent and relevant projects for tasks similar to those identified in paragraph one of this document. (1 page maximum) 6. Business size (the applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 334516 7. Product and Service Code: 6640 A decision by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct competitive procurement. The Government will not be responsible for any costs associated with the preparation of responses to this notification. All inquiries and submittals must be sent via email to Timothy Felix, Contracting Specialist, at timothy.felix@va.gov. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted. This notice is NOT a formal request for quote or proposals. No formal solicitation document exists at this time. The information in this notice is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the government. See attached document: SON Statement of Need PURPOSE: The following purchase of needed equipment is to be able to complete proper respiratory protection fit testing for 1372 employees within the Bay Pines V.A. Healthcare System (BPVAHCS). The Employees that are included in the Respiratory Protection Program include Healthcare Professionals, Facility Management Services (F.M.S.) Employees, and Environmental Management Services (E.M.S.) Employees. Respiratory protection fit testing is required per Respiratory Protection Program SOP 516-138-028 of the BPVAHCS and is an OSHA 1910 requirement. The purchase of this equipment will ensure that BPVAHCS is in compliance with SOP 516-138-028. Also, this new equipment will be replacing old equipment that is due to expire on its service life. The old equipment will no longer be able to be used due to its software expiration and will not be compatible with the new equipment being purchased. New software for the new equipment is already available and complies with the Office of Information and Technology (OI&T) requirements and has already been uploaded to available computers that are used for respiratory protection fit testing. Base Only, Supplies, Firm Fixed Price contract. Period of Performance: 4-15-2026 to 6-30-2026 Place of Performance: Bay Pines VAMC 10000 Bay Pines Blvd. Building 24, Room 219 Bay Pines, FL., 33744 DESCRIPTION OF EQUIPMENT: Product Details The PortaCount Respirator Fit Tester is a quantitative respirator fit tester. It features intelligent touchscreen solutions that support respiratory protection programs from training through compliance. The 8048-T Kit lets you begin testing immediately, with everything you need for accurate, easy, fast, and flexible respirator fit testing sessions. Software & Application Details TSI has redesigned every aspect of the PortaCount Fit Tester's FitPro Ultra software. An all-new user interface and industry-first features combine to create the most powerful fit test instrument available. From touchscreen tablets to PC laptops, the software is easy to use and similar to applications on your own personal devices. Items included in the 8048-T PortaCount Respirator Fit Tester Kit PortaCount Respirator Fit Tester Model 8048 Microsoft Surface GoÂ® Tablet (4 GB) WiFi USB Adapter USB Cable N95-Companion technology Carrying case AC adapter AC power supply with global plug adapters Alcohol supply (sixteen 30 ml bottles of 99.5% reagent grade isopropanol enough for ~240 hours of operation) FitPro Ultra Software Particle generator Standard accessory kit (twin tubing, zero filters, spare wicks, alcohol fill capsule and cartridge) Filtering Facepiece fit testing kit (probe insertion tool, probes, lock nuts, lanyard) ASSIGNMENT OF RESPONSIBILITIES: Per Respiratory Protection Program-SOP 516-138-028 a. Safety Section of Facilities Management Service (FMS). The Safety Section of FMS is responsible for: Overseeing the implementation of the program and ensuring compliance with all regulatory requirements. Assessing the need for Respiratory Protection and for determining the type and level of Respiratory Protection required. Ensuring Occupational Health is notified of job functions requiring Medical Surveillance due to use of respirators. Ensuring Respiratory Protection training is available for affected employees. Performing periodic evaluations of the effectiveness of the Respiratory Protection Program. Conducting OSHA-accepted Quantitative Fit Test (QWFT) Protocol using TSI Porta-Count fit test machines. In the event of a power outage, extreme virality mandating open-air fit testing, extreme supply shortage of disposable respirators or fit testing supplies, and/or loss of appropriate fit testing location wherein a QWFT Protocol is no longer feasible, an OSHA-accepted Qualitative Fit Test (QLFT) Protocol will be used.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Timothy Felix
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: timothy.felix@va.gov
  - Phone: 904-228-0645

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f1c2ee9bd7aa40fb9d55ea1a2622f29c/view)