---
layout: default
title: Alliant 3 GWAC, Request for Proposal (RFP)
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 0a79f3a5df83434498ce377111b81a26
---

# Alliant 3 GWAC, Request for Proposal (RFP)

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 10:50:42.145-04
- Solicitation Number: 47QTCB24R0009

## Summary

04/15/26: Update: GSA continues to evaluate proposals for issuing phase two awards. If you have not received a notice of award for phase one, your proposal remains under consideration; you have not been eliminated. We appreciate your patience as GSA works diligently to award the subsequent phases. ++++++++++++++++++ 04/02/2026: Amendment 0013 is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009, which has been posted in the Symphony Proposal Intake System. This amendment is to extend the offer acceptance period for existing offerors. Offerors should login to the Symphony Portal and review for necessary action. This action is only applicable to existing offerors that submitted a timely proposal for the Alliant 3 GWAC. For any questions regarding this amendment, please email Alliant3@gsa.gov. +++++++++++++++++++ 02/25/2026: Alliant 3 GWAC Phase One awards are fully executed. The Government has started the evaluation of Phase Two and will expeditiously work through the subsequent phases. +++++++++++++++++++ 02/20/2026: Alliant 3 Governmentwide Acquisition Contract, Unrestricted Pool, Solicitation Number 47QTCB24R0009, Phase One Award Notice This is a written announcement to all interested parties. The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) will make phase one contract award under the Alliant 3 Governmentwide Acquisition Contract (GWAC). GSA has determined a phased award approach for the Alliant 3 GWAC to be in the best interest of the Government and in accordance with Solicitation Section M.3, Evaluation Process. This announcement fulfills the notice requirements in FAR 5.3, Synopses of Contract Awards, as the first phase award notification for the Alliant 3 GWAC. GSA appreciates the robust competition for the Alliant 3 GWAC. There were 133 proposals received in response to the solicitation. After review and evaluation in accordance with the criteria established in the solicitation, GSA has determined to make phase one contract awards to 43 offerors that are eligible for award. Offerors not identified in the attached document, Alliant 3 Phase One Award Notice, were not selected for phase one contract award and remain eligible for further award phases until all 76 awards (plus ties) are complete. Please note, no offeror is eliminated from award consideration. GSA intends to proceed in phases as offerors are eligible for award. If you do not receive an award notification with this phase, please understand that your proposal is still under consideration and you have not been eliminated from competition. You will be notified of the status of your offer during a later award phase. Debriefing letters will be provided once all award phases are completed. Federal customers interested in the GSA GWAC Program should refer to the GSA GWAC webpage at www.gsa.gov/gwacs for more information about when the new Alliant 3 GWAC awardees will be able to accept task orders. The Notice to Proceed will be issued separately. The GSA GWAC webpage provides information on the various GSA GWAC features and benefits, such as how Federal Contracting Officers can obtain a Delegation of Procurement (DPA) training, scope compatibility reviews, and market research tools to assist your organization in the procurement process. Written correspondence may be sent to the Contracting Officer at alliant3@gsa.gov. +++++++++++++++++++ 01/09/2026: GSA intends to make Alliant 3 GWAC awards in Q2 of FY26, and further information will be released in the coming months. Thank you for your continued interest and patience. +++++++++++++++++++ 09/16/2025: Important Notice: All Offerors must monitor their Alliant 3, Symphony account for exchanges that may be sent to your company. It is imperative that all offerors respond back to the government by the date prescribed in the exchange module. Failure to do so may result in removal from consideration of award. If you require access to your Symphony account please contact Apex Logic Help Desk. +++++++++++++++++++ 04/11/25: Reminder: the Alliant 3 RFP, 47QTCB24R0009, proposal submission is due today at 4 pm ET. Please ensure your proposals are up-to-date with the latest SF30 information, which acknowledges amendment 12. In addition, please ensure your proposals are in a “submitted” status in Symphony. +++++++++++++++++++ 3/12/25: Amendment A0012 is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009 to: Extend the Alliant 3 proposal due date from 3/31/2025 to 4/11/2025 Include Other Transactional Agreements (OTAs) and task orders placed under Basic Ordering Agreements (BOAs) as acceptable contract types in L.5.2.1, Relevant Experience Projects. Provide additional clarification on the timeliness regarding Systems, Certifications, and Clearances found in section L.5.4.6 through L.5.4.9. Please see the updated Alliant 3 RFP for updates: Alliant 3 RFP A0012 - Version 12 SF30 Amend 0012 Alliant 3 +++++++++++++++++++ 3/5/25: Amendment A0011 is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009 to: (1) Extend the Alliant 3 proposal due date from 3/6/2025 to 3/31/2025. (2) Include FAR Clause 52.240-1, Prohibition on Unmanned Aircraft Systems Manufactured or Assembled by American Security Drone Act-Covered Foreign Entities. Please see the following Alliant 3 RFP attachments for updates: Alliant 3 RFP A0011 - Version 11 SF30 Amend 0011 Alliant 3 +++++++++++++++++++ 2/19/25: Amendment A0010 is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009 to: (1) remove from Section L.4.1 Proposal Format, Table 22, row L.5.7.1, Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emission and Reduction Goals - Attestation, 2) allow the use of CTA member’s company name and UEI in place of the Offeror name and UEI on attachment J.P-2, A3 Primary NAICS Code Relevant Experience Project Template and J.P-3, A3 Emerging Technology Relevant Experience Project Template for federal projects (RFP Section L.5.3.2.1, L.5.2.4.2), 3) update FAR clauses located in Section K, Representation and Certifications, to be automatically updated in Symphony with no changes required from the Offeror. Please see the following Alliant 3 RFP attachments for updates: Alliant 3 RFP A0010 - Version 10 SF30 Amend 0010 Alliant 3 The Alliant 3 proposal due date is changed to March 6, 2025. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 2/11/25: Amendment A0009 is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009 to comply with Executive Order 14154, Unleashing American Energy (January 20, 2025) and Executive Order 14148, Initial Rescissions of Harmful Executive Orders and Actions (January 20, 2025). The following areas are removed from the Alliant 3 RFP solicitation, and Symphony will be automatically updated to reflect the changes. No action is required from the Offeror as a result of the amendment. Alliant 3 (A3) Greenhouse Gas (GHG) evaluation points regarding Sustainability Related Disclosures. A3 Statement of Work requirements for Energy, Sustainability, and Environmental Management IT Services. A3 annual report of Environmental Objectives and Requirements. A3 requirement for contractors to provide Climate Risk Management Plans. J.P-15 A3 Climate Change Risk Management Plan Criteria (no longer required) Please see the following Alliant 3 RFP attachments for updates: Alliant 3 RFP A0009 - Version 9 SF30 Amend 0009 Alliant 3 J.P-16 Self-Scoring Worksheet V.5 The Alliant 3 proposal due date remains February 24, 2025. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 2/7/25: Suspending Enforcement of Contractual Greenhouse Gas and/or Climate Risk Requirements in Existing Solicitations. The General Services Administration (GSA) is taking action to reduce burden on Offerors on all requirements related to “climate-related risk management and/or greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions inventory and/or reduction target disclosure requirements”. This is in accordance with Executive Order 14154, Unleashing American Energy (January 20, 2025) and Executive Order 14148, Initial Rescissions of Harmful Executive Orders and Actions (January 20, 2025). GSA intends to take immediate action to begin the removal of: Alliant 3 (A3) Greenhouse Gas (GHG) evaluation points regarding Sustainability Related Disclosures. A3 Statement of Work requirements for Energy, Sustainability, and Environmental Management IT Services. A3 annual report of Environmental Objectives and Requirements. A3 requirement for contractors to provide Climate Risk Management Plans. This is a short term solution until the Alliant 3 solicitation is amended. We appreciate your continued cooperation and support. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 1/28/25: Amendment A0008 is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009 to: (1) remove the Meaningful Relationship Commitment Letter (MRCL) project requirement (RFP Section L.5.1.5(f)(5)); (2) include the requirement to designate a Parent-Company Corporate Official empowered to resolve operational and consensus issues between the entity claiming the MRCL, and its Affiliate, Division or Subsidiary with which it claims a MRCL (RFP Section L.5.1.5(f)(5)); (3) update the previously performed project requirement for SBSubk SBCTAs to claim Organizational Risk Assessment points (L.5.6(b)). The Alliant 3 proposal due date is February 24, 2025. For any technical support related to Symphony, please visit the Alliant 3 Symphony helpdesk articles at https://apexlogic.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/35000149135 or contact the Apex Logic helpdesk at client.support@apexlogic.com. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 1/23/25: Amendment A0007 is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009 to: (1) update the verification of Emerging Technology Relevant Experience projects performed as a subcontractor or under a previous/existing Contractor Teaming Arrangement (CTA) for Federal or Commercial projects (RFP Section L.5.2.4.2(d) and (e)); (2) update the Verification of Primary NAICS Code Relevant Experience Submission for Federal Government Contracts (RFP Section L.5.2.3.1); (3) provide clarity on the definition of a Meaningful Relationship Commitment Letter project (RFP Section L.5.1.5(f)(5)); (4) for federal contracts only, authorize the partial redaction of the attestation statement of cognizant Contracting Officers and Government Officials on Attachment J.P-3 (RFP Section L.5.2.4.2); (5) permit Offerors to password protect the GSA Form 527 and additional financial documents in order to provide Offerors with CTA members the option of submitting Financial Resources documentation required for Acceptability without disclosing sensitive financial information to other CTA members (RFP Section L.5.5.1). Offerors remain responsible for determining the Responsibility of their CTA members. If your organization has already submitted the GSA Form 527 via Symphony, no action is required. If your organization chooses to submit GSA Form 527 in a password protected format, the amended attachment J.P-10, A3 GSA Form 527 Contractor Qualification and Financial Information V.4 must be utilized, as the previous version did not allow for password protection. NOTE: For the J.P-10 attachment, either V.3 (nonpassword protected) or V.4 (password protected) is acceptable for submission depending on your password protection preference. Offerors submitting a password protected GSA Form 527 and associated financial documents must email their passwords to: A3PSWD@gsa.gov, prior to the proposal due date and time. The resubmission or correction of a password(s) will not be permitted after the proposal due date and time. The email shall include the following information: Offering Entity Name: Offering Entity UEI: CTA Member Name: CTA Member UEI: GSA Form 527 or Associated Document(s) File Name: Password: In addition, Government Response GR4-395 is amended to clarify ORA point eligibility when a CTA performed a Primary NAICS Code Relevant Experience Project with a subcontractor. Amended Response: Yes. CTA members who worked together exclusively on the Primary NAICS Code Relevant Experience Project are eligible for Organizational Risk Assessment points, regardless of whether a CTA member used subcontractors. Please see the following attachments for updates to the Alliant 3 RFP: Alliant 3 RFP A0007 - Version 7 SF30 Amend 0007 Alliant 3 J.P-10 A3 GSA Form 527 Contractors Qualifications and Financial Information V.4 The Alliant 3 proposal due date is changed to February 22, 2025. For any technical support related to Symphony, please visit the Alliant 3 Symphony helpdesk articles at https://apexlogic.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/35000149135 or contact the Apex Logic helpdesk at client.support@apexlogic.com. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 12/18/24: The Alliant 3 Team is pleased to provide a pre-recorded, pre-proposal conference for the Alliant 3 (A3) Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009. The A3 pre-proposal conference is issued as a series of videos focusing on specific areas of the RFP. We encourage all offerors to view all of the videos and hope the series partitioning improves your experience. Please see below for a listing of the A3 pre-proposal conference video series, available through attachment Alliant 3 Pre-proposal Conference. Alliant 3 Overview Small Business Offeror Types Small Business Subcontracting Plan C-SCRM Pricing VETS 4212 Federal Contracting Reporting MRCL, ORA, GHG, Series Close Proposals are due February 3, 2025 via Symphony. As a reminder, the current version of the conformed Alliant 3 RFP and associated attachments always supersede previous versions issued on SAM.gov. Please see below for the current version of the solicitation documents. Alliant 3 RFP A006 - Version 6 J.P-1 A3 Contractor Teaming Arrangement (CTA) Template J.P-2 A3 Primary NAICS Code Relevant Experience Project Template J.P-3 A3 Emerging Technology Relevant Experience Project Template J.P-4 A3 Subcontractor Experience Project Template J.P-5 A3 Small Business Engagement Template J.P-6 A3 Past Performance Rating Template J.P-7 A3 Federal Contract FPDS Crosswalk Sample V2 J.P-8 A3 Price Template V.2 J.P-9 A3 Model Individual Subcontracting Plan Template V.3 J.P-10 A3 GSA Form 527 Contractor Qualification and Financial Information V.3 J.P-11 A3 Contractor C-SCRM Responsibility Questionnaire V.2 J.P-12 A3 C-SCRM References V.2 J.P-13 A3 C-SCRM Plan Template V.2 J.P-14 A3 C-SCRM Control Selections J.P-15 A3 Climate Change Risk Management Plan Criteria J.P-16 A3 Self-Scoring Worksheet V.4 J.P-17 A3 C-SCRM Plan Preparation Guide J.P-18 A3 Labor Rate Attestation V.2 Thank you for your interest in the Alliant 3 solicitation. Best of luck to all offerors. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 12/09/24: Amendment (A0006) is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009, version 6 to update Section L.5.7.1, from Public Disclosure of Scope 1 or 2 or 3 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions to Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction - Attestation. Offerors are required to provide a signed attestation of Public Disclosure of GHG emission and reduction goals, as delineated in Section L.5.7.1, to receive the maximum 1,750 points for this scoring element. The proposal due date of February 3, 2025 remains unchanged. The following attachments are included with this amendment: Alliant 3 RFP A0006 - Version 6 SF30 Amend 0006 Alliant 3 Attachment J.P-16 A3 Self-Scoring Worksheet V.4 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 11/26/24: Amendment (A0005) is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009, version 5 to update Section L.1, Table 21, Provision Incorporated by Reference, FAR Provision 52.204-7, System for Award Management (Nov 2024). In addition, a new version of the GSA Form 527 is provided with an updated effective date and expiration date. The attachment is titled J.P-10 A3 GSA Form 527 Contractor Qualification and Financial Information V.3. The updated version of the conformed RFP supersedes any previous versions issued by GSA. Offerors are required to use the most recent version of all RFP attachments. The attachments included in this amendment are as follows: Alliant 3 RFP A0005 - Version 5 SF30 Amend 0005 Alliant 3 J.P-10 A3 GSA Form 527 Contractor Qualification and Financial Information V.3 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 11/22/24: Amendment (A0004) is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009, version 4 to align Section L.4.1, Proposal Format Table, L.5.2.4.2 with Government Response GR4-262, to allow a set of Task Orders or BPA calls that are combined for Primary NAICS Relevant Experience Projects to be submitted separately and used as individual Emerging Technology Relevant Experience Projects. The proposal due date is changed to February 3, 2025, 4 pm, Eastern Time (ET), to support the Offeror in submitting additional attachment J.P-3, Emerging Technology Relevant Experience Project Templates. The Alliant 3 Team will issue the pre-recorded, pre-proposal conference in early December to support all interested parties. The final attachments are included with this amendment: Alliant 3 RFP V.4 A004 SF30 Amend 0004 Alliant 3 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 11/08/24: Thank you for your interest in the Alliant 3 GWAC solicitation. The Alliant 3 GWAC Team is pleased to provide the final set of Government responses (GR Set 04) and corresponding amendment (A0003). In some cases, the questions were slightly modified to answer a host of similar questions or comments. The Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009, version 3 takes precedence over any previous RFP versions issued to the public via the government point of entry SAM.gov. The following attachments are included in this final release, which concludes the government response period: Alliant 3 RFP V.3 A0003 SF30 Amend 0003 Alliant 3 A3 GR Set 04_11.08.24 J.P-7 A3 Federal Contract FPDS Crosswalk Sample V.2 J.P-16 A3 Self-Scoring Worksheet V.3 The Alliant 3 GWAC Team will provide a pre-recorded, pre-proposal conference in November to support all interested parties. All proposals are due no later than January 10, 2025, 4:00 pm. Eastern Time (ET). The following URL provides access to Symphony and a user instructional video: https://offerorsupport.apexlogic.com/support/solutions/articles/35000247183-alliant-3-faq-training-video +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 10/25/24: The government response period is extended to November 8, 2024 to respond to the remaining questions received at the end of the question period (August 2, 2024). Offerors are advised to review all government responses to questions. In some cases, the questions were slightly modified to answer a host of similar questions or comments. The third set of government responses to the Alliant 3 GWAC solicitation, 47QTCB24R0009, is attached using A3 GR Set 03_10.25.24. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 09/27/24: Alliant 3 Request for Proposal (RFP), Government Response 02 is released to provide the questions and comments that are associated with Amendment 0002. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 09/19/24: Amendment 0002 is released for the Alliant 3 Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009. The following attachments are amended based on feedback received from industry: J.P-8, A3 Price Template V.2 J.P-9, A3 Model Individual Subcontracting Plan Template V.3 J.P-11, A3 Contractor C-SCRM Responsibility Questionnaire V.2 J.P-16, A3 Self-Scoring Worksheet V.2 J.P-18, A3 Labor Rate Attestation V.2 Corresponding industry questions and comments associated with amendment 0002 will be released next week. Please be informed, the Labor Rate Attestation V.2 (J.P-18) is required from all Offerors. The SF-30 form for amendment 0002 contains a listing of all changes to the RFP, file name Alliant 3 RFP V.2 A0002. Cognizant Federal Agency (CFA) will be scored equally to DCMA/DCAA for Accounting System and Audit Information (6,000 points), Approved Purchasing System (1,500 points), and Acceptable Estimating System (200 points). There is no change to the scoring for Certified Public Accountant (CPA). See Alliant 3 RFP section M.6 and attachment J.P-16 for changes to the score. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Update: 08/23/24: Thank you for submitting your questions and comments for the Alliant 3 GWAC solicitation, 47QTCB24R0009. The Alliant 3 team has reviewed all of the submissions and plans to provide government responses and amendments as needed from now until October 25, 2024. The proposal submission date is now changed from October 28, 2024 to January 10, 2025. This extension comes in response to requests from our Industry Partners, and it reflects our commitment to providing maximum clarity to our stakeholders. By allowing additional time, we aim to ensure that the proposals we receive are of the highest possible quality and will drive the most meaningful mission outcomes for our Agency Customers. The Alliant 3 schedule adjustment is considered a strategic movement forward, starting with the first set of government responses issued as attachment A3 GR Set 01_08.23.24. Additionally, the government plans to issue a pre-recorded, pre-proposal conference for Alliant 3 on or around November 08, 2024. We thank you again for your submissions and encourage you to enroll in the Alliant 3 Community of Interest page on GSA Interact to stay apprised of the latest information and receive notifications. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Update 7/16/24: The question submission date for Alliant 3 is changed from July 26, 2024 to August 2, 2024 at 4:00pm ET. Please continue to submit your questions regarding the Alliant 3 solicitation using the Google Form located at https://forms.gle/Y6ExEXmRqNQsmJM97. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Update 7/10/24: Alliant 3 intends to issue a pre-recorded preproposal conference after questions are received (July 26, 2024) from potential offerors. Alliant 3 GWAC, Request for Proposal, 47QTCB24R0009, Amendment 0001 dated 7/10/24 is issued to correct technical issues and update attachments J.P-9, J.P-10, J.P-12, and J.P-13. New versions have been updated with a V.2 in the file name and uploaded to SAM.gov for use in final proposal submission. These versions of the files must be included in the final Proposal Submission. The proposal due date has not been extended as a result of this amendment. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ The General Services Administration (GSA) is pleased to release the Alliant 3 Governmentwide Acquisition Contract (GWAC) Request for Proposals (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009. This solicitation is the only source of official information about this procurement. The Alliant 3 RFP consists of the following: Alliant 3 RFP SF33 Contract Attachments J.P-1 A3 Contractor Teaming Arrangement (CTA) Template J.P-2 A3 Primary NAICS Code Relevant Experience Project Template J.P-3 A3 Emerging Technology Relevant Experience Project Template J.P-4 A3 Subcontractor Experience Project Template J.P-5 A3 Small Business Engagement Template J.P-6 A3 Past Performance Rating Template J.P-7 A3 Federal Contract FPDS Crosswalk Sample J.P-8 A3 Price Template J.P-9 A3 Model Individual Subcontracting Plan J.P-10 A3 GSA Form 527 Contractor Qualification and Financial Information J.P-11 A3 Contractor C-SCRM Responsibility Questionnaire J.P-12 A3 C-SCRM References J.P-13 A3 C-SCRM Plan Template J.P-14 A3 C-SCRM Control Selections J.P-15 A3 Climate Risk Management Plan Criteria J.P-16 A3 Self-Scoring Worksheet J.P-17 A3 C-SCRM Plan Preparation Guide J.P-18 A3 Labor Rate Attestation An optional pre-proposal conference will be recorded and released online to provide an overview of the Alliant 3 RFP. This conference will not introduce new information. Details on accessing the recording will be provided through this announcement in the coming days. The Alliant 3 Submission Portal is open for registration at http://idiq.gsa.gov/. Industry is instructed to review the solicitation requirements on SAM.gov and view the upcoming pre-proposal conference. The Alliant 3 Procuring Contracting Officer is the sole point of contact for all questions under this solicitation. Industry is welcome to submit questions utilizing the Google Form located at https://forms.gle/Y6ExEXmRqNQsmJM97. Offerors must submit all questions regarding the solicitation via the Google Form no later than July 26, 2024 @ 4:00p.m. ET. Questions not submitted via the google form will not be answered. GSA reserves the right to publicly discuss and publish, or simply consider questions and comments regarding the RFP. The Government’s response to questions will be made available to all potential offerors via SAM.gov with an estimated response date of August 23, 2024. The proposal submission due date is October 28, 2024, 4:00p.m. ET. Any proposals not submitted by this date and time will not be considered for evaluation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Roman Rodriguez
  - Email: Alliant3QA@gsa.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: .P-2, A3 Primary NAICS Code Relevant Experience Project Template and J.P-3, A3 Emerging Technology Relevant Experience Project Template for federal projects (RFP Section L.5.3.2.1, L.5.2.4.2), 3) update FAR clauses located in Section K, Representation and Certifications, to be automatically updated in Symphony with no changes required from the Offeror. Please see the following Alliant 3 RFP attachments for updates: Alliant 3 RFP A0010 - Version 10 SF30 Amend 0010 Alliant 3 The Alliant 3 proposal due date is changed to March 6, 2025. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 2/11/25: Amendment A0009 is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009 to comply with Executive Order 14154, Unleashing American Energy (January 20, 2025) and Executive Order 14148, Initial Rescissions of Harmful Executive Orders and Actions (January 20, 2025). The following areas are removed from the Alliant 3 RFP solicitation, and Symphony will be automatically updated to reflect the changes. No action is required from the Offeror as a result of the amendment. Alliant 3 (A3) Greenhouse Gas (GHG) evaluation points regarding Sustainability Related Disclosures. A3 Statement of Work requirements for Energy, Sustainability, and Environmental Management IT Services. A3 annual report of Environmental Objectives and Requirements. A3 requirement for contractors to provide Climate Risk Management Plans. J.P-15 A3 Climate Change Risk Management Plan Criteria (no longer required) Please see the following Alliant 3 RFP attachments for updates: Alliant 3 RFP A0009 - Version 9 SF30 Amend 0009 Alliant 3 J.P-16 Self-Scoring Worksheet V.5 The Alliant 3 proposal due date remains February 24, 2025. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 2/7/25: Suspending Enforcement of Contractual Greenhouse Gas and/or Climate Risk Requirements in Existing Solicitations. The General Services Administration (GSA) is taking action to reduce burden on Offerors on all requirements related to “climate-related risk management and/or greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions inventory and/or reduction target disclosure requirements”. This is in accordance with Executive Order 14154, Unleashing American Energy (January 20, 2025) and Executive Order 14148, Initial Rescissions of Harmful Executive Orders and Actions (January 20, 2025). GSA intends to take immediate action to begin the removal of: Alliant 3 (A3) Greenhouse Gas (GHG) evaluation points regarding Sustainability Related Disclosures. A3 Statement of Work requirements for Energy, Sustainability, and Environmental Management IT Services. A3 annual report of Environmental Objectives and Requirements. A3 requirement for contractors to provide Climate Risk Management Plans. This is a short term solution until the Alliant 3 solicitation is amended. We appreciate your continued cooperation and support. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 1/28/25: Amendment A0008 is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009 to: (1) remove the Meaningful Relationship Commitment Letter (MRCL) project requirement (RFP Section L.5.1.5(f)(5)); (2) include the requirement to designate a Parent-Company Corporate Official empowered to resolve operational and consensus issues between the entity claiming the MRCL, and its Affiliate, Division or Subsidiary with which it claims a MRCL (RFP Section L.5.1.5(f)(5)); (3) update the previously performed project requirement for SBSubk SBCTAs to claim Organizational Risk Assessment points (L.5.6(b)). The Alliant 3 proposal due date is February 24, 2025. For any technical support related to Symphony, please visit the Alliant 3 Symphony helpdesk articles at https://apexlogic.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/35000149135 or contact the Apex Logic helpdesk at client.support@apexlogic.com. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 1/23/25: Amendment A0007 is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009 to: (1) update the verification of Emerging Technology Relevant Experience projects performed as a subcontractor or under a previous/existing Contractor Teaming Arrangement (CTA) for Federal or Commercial projects (RFP Section L.5.2.4.2(d) and (e)); (2) update the Verification of Primary NAICS Code Relevant Experience Submission for Federal Government Contracts (RFP Section L.5.2.3.1); (3) provide clarity on the definition of a Meaningful Relationship Commitment Letter project (RFP Section L.5.1.5(f)(5)); (4) for federal contracts only, authorize the partial redaction of the attestation statement of cognizant Contracting Officers and Government Officials on Attachment J.P-3 (RFP Section L.5.2.4.2); (5) permit Offerors to password protect the GSA Form 527 and additional financial documents in order to provide Offerors with CTA members the option of submitting Financial Resources documentation required for Acceptability without disclosing sensitive financial information to other CTA members (RFP Section L.5.5.1). Offerors remain responsible for determining the Responsibility of their CTA members. If your organization has already submitted the GSA Form 527 via Symphony, no action is required. If your organization chooses to submit GSA Form 527 in a password protected format, the amended attachment J.P-10, A3 GSA Form 527 Contractor Qualification and Financial Information V.4 must be utilized, as the previous version did not allow for password protection. NOTE: For the J.P-10 attachment, either V.3 (nonpassword protected) or V.4 (password protected) is acceptable for submission depending on your password protection preference. Offerors submitting a password protected GSA Form 527 and associated financial documents must email their passwords to: A3PSWD@gsa.gov, prior to the proposal due date and time. The resubmission or correction of a password(s) will not be permitted after the proposal due date and time. The email shall include the following information: Offering Entity Name: Offering Entity UEI: CTA Member Name: CTA Member UEI: GSA Form 527 or Associated Document(s) File Name: Password: In addition, Government Response GR4-395 is amended to clarify ORA point eligibility when a CTA performed a Primary NAICS Code Relevant Experience Project with a subcontractor. Amended Response: Yes. CTA members who worked together exclusively on the Primary NAICS Code Relevant Experience Project are eligible for Organizational Risk Assessment points, regardless of whether a CTA member used subcontractors. Please see the following attachments for updates to the Alliant 3 RFP: Alliant 3 RFP A0007 - Version 7 SF30 Amend 0007 Alliant 3 J.P-10 A3 GSA Form 527 Contractors Qualifications and Financial Information V.4 The Alliant 3 proposal due date is changed to February 22, 2025. For any technical support related to Symphony, please visit the Alliant 3 Symphony helpdesk articles at https://apexlogic.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/35000149135 or contact the Apex Logic helpdesk at client.support@apexlogic.com. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 12/18/24: The Alliant 3 Team is pleased to provide a pre-recorded, pre-proposal conference for the Alliant 3 (A3) Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009. The A3 pre-proposal conference is issued as a series of videos focusing on specific areas of the RFP. We encourage all offerors to view all of the videos and hope the series partitioning improves your experience. Please see below for a listing of the A3 pre-proposal conference video series, available through attachment Alliant 3 Pre-proposal Conference. Alliant 3 Overview Small Business Offeror Types Small Business Subcontracting Plan C-SCRM Pricing VETS 4212 Federal Contracting Reporting MRCL, ORA, GHG, Series Close Proposals are due February 3, 2025 via Symphony. As a reminder, the current version of the conformed Alliant 3 RFP and associated attachments always supersede previous versions issued on SAM.gov. Please see below for the current version of the solicitation documents. Alliant 3 RFP A006 - Version 6 J.P-1 A3 Contractor Teaming Arrangement (CTA) Template J.P-2 A3 Primary NAICS Code Relevant Experience Project Template J.P-3 A3 Emerging Technology Relevant Experience Project Template J.P-4 A3 Subcontractor Experience Project Template J.P-5 A3 Small Business Engagement Template J.P-6 A3 Past Performance Rating Template J.P-7 A3 Federal Contract FPDS Crosswalk Sample V2 J.P-8 A3 Price Template V.2 J.P-9 A3 Model Individual Subcontracting Plan Template V.3 J.P-10 A3 GSA Form 527 Contractor Qualification and Financial Information V.3 J.P-11 A3 Contractor C-SCRM Responsibility Questionnaire V.2 J.P-12 A3 C-SCRM References V.2 J.P-13 A3 C-SCRM Plan Template V.2 J.P-14 A3 C-SCRM Control Selections J.P-15 A3 Climate Change Risk Management Plan Criteria J.P-16 A3 Self-Scoring Worksheet V.4 J.P-17 A3 C-SCRM Plan Preparation Guide J.P-18 A3 Labor Rate Attestation V.2 Thank you for your interest in the Alliant 3 solicitation. Best of luck to all offerors. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 12/09/24: Amendment (A0006) is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009, version 6 to update Section L.5.7.1, from Public Disclosure of Scope 1 or 2 or 3 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions to Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction - Attestation. Offerors are required to provide a signed attestation of Public Disclosure of GHG emission and reduction goals, as delineated in Section L.5.7.1, to receive the maximum 1,750 points for this scoring element. The proposal due date of February 3, 2025 remains unchanged. The following attachments are included with this amendment: Alliant 3 RFP A0006 - Version 6 SF30 Amend 0006 Alliant 3 Attachment J.P-16 A3 Self-Scoring Worksheet V.4 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 11/26/24: Amendment (A0005) is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009, version 5 to update Section L.1, Table 21, Provision Incorporated by Reference, FAR Provision 52.204-7, System for Award Management (Nov 2024). In addition, a new version of the GSA Form 527 is provided with an updated effective date and expiration date. The attachment is titled J.P-10 A3 GSA Form 527 Contractor Qualification and Financial Information V.3. The updated version of the conformed RFP supersedes any previous versions issued by GSA. Offerors are required to use the most recent version of all RFP attachments. The attachments included in this amendment are as follows: Alliant 3 RFP A0005 - Version 5 SF30 Amend 0005 Alliant 3 J.P-10 A3 GSA Form 527 Contractor Qualification and Financial Information V.3 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 11/22/24: Amendment (A0004) is issued to the Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009, version 4 to align Section L.4.1, Proposal Format Table, L.5.2.4.2 with Government Response GR4-262, to allow a set of Task Orders or BPA calls that are combined for Primary NAICS Relevant Experience Projects to be submitted separately and used as individual Emerging Technology Relevant Experience Projects. The proposal due date is changed to February 3, 2025, 4 pm, Eastern Time (ET), to support the Offeror in submitting additional attachment J.P-3, Emerging Technology Relevant Experience Project Templates. The Alliant 3 Team will issue the pre-recorded, pre-proposal conference in early December to support all interested parties. The final attachments are included with this amendment: Alliant 3 RFP V.4 A004 SF30 Amend 0004 Alliant 3 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 11/08/24: Thank you for your interest in the Alliant 3 GWAC solicitation. The Alliant 3 GWAC Team is pleased to provide the final set of Government responses (GR Set 04) and corresponding amendment (A0003). In some cases, the questions were slightly modified to answer a host of similar questions or comments. The Alliant 3 Conformed Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009, version 3 takes precedence over any previous RFP versions issued to the public via the government point of entry SAM.gov. The following attachments are included in this final release, which concludes the government response period: Alliant 3 RFP V.3 A0003 SF30 Amend 0003 Alliant 3 A3 GR Set 04_11.08.24 J.P-7 A3 Federal Contract FPDS Crosswalk Sample V.2 J.P-16 A3 Self-Scoring Worksheet V.3 The Alliant 3 GWAC Team will provide a pre-recorded, pre-proposal conference in November to support all interested parties. All proposals are due no later than January 10, 2025, 4:00 pm. Eastern Time (ET). The following URL provides access to Symphony and a user instructional video: https://offerorsupport.apexlogic.com/support/solutions/articles/35000247183-alliant-3-faq-training-video +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 10/25/24: The government response period is extended to November 8, 2024 to respond to the remaining questions received at the end of the question period (August 2, 2024). Offerors are advised to review all government responses to questions. In some cases, the questions were slightly modified to answer a host of similar questions or comments. The third set of government responses to the Alliant 3 GWAC solicitation, 47QTCB24R0009, is attached using A3 GR Set 03_10.25.24. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 09/27/24: Alliant 3 Request for Proposal (RFP), Government Response 02 is released to provide the questions and comments that are associated with Amendment 0002. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 09/19/24: Amendment 0002 is released for the Alliant 3 Request for Proposal (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009. The following attachments are amended based on feedback received from industry: J.P-8, A3 Price Template V.2 J.P-9, A3 Model Individual Subcontracting Plan Template V.3 J.P-11, A3 Contractor C-SCRM Responsibility Questionnaire V.2 J.P-16, A3 Self-Scoring Worksheet V.2 J.P-18, A3 Labor Rate Attestation V.2 Corresponding industry questions and comments associated with amendment 0002 will be released next week. Please be informed, the Labor Rate Attestation V.2 (J.P-18) is required from all Offerors. The SF-30 form for amendment 0002 contains a listing of all changes to the RFP, file name Alliant 3 RFP V.2 A0002. Cognizant Federal Agency (CFA) will be scored equally to DCMA/DCAA for Accounting System and Audit Information (6,000 points), Approved Purchasing System (1,500 points), and Acceptable Estimating System (200 points). There is no change to the scoring for Certified Public Accountant (CPA). See Alliant 3 RFP section M.6 and attachment J.P-16 for changes to the score. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Update: 08/23/24: Thank you for submitting your questions and comments for the Alliant 3 GWAC solicitation, 47QTCB24R0009. The Alliant 3 team has reviewed all of the submissions and plans to provide government responses and amendments as needed from now until October 25, 2024. The proposal submission date is now changed from October 28, 2024 to January 10, 2025. This extension comes in response to requests from our Industry Partners, and it reflects our commitment to providing maximum clarity to our stakeholders. By allowing additional time, we aim to ensure that the proposals we receive are of the highest possible quality and will drive the most meaningful mission outcomes for our Agency Customers. The Alliant 3 schedule adjustment is considered a strategic movement forward, starting with the first set of government responses issued as attachment A3 GR Set 01_08.23.24. Additionally, the government plans to issue a pre-recorded, pre-proposal conference for Alliant 3 on or around November 08, 2024. We thank you again for your submissions and encourage you to enroll in the Alliant 3 Community of Interest page on GSA Interact to stay apprised of the latest information and receive notifications. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Update 7/16/24: The question submission date for Alliant 3 is changed from July 26, 2024 to August 2, 2024 at 4:00pm ET. Please continue to submit your questions regarding the Alliant 3 solicitation using the Google Form located at https://forms.gle/Y6ExEXmRqNQsmJM97. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Update 7/10/24: Alliant 3 intends to issue a pre-recorded preproposal conference after questions are received (July 26, 2024) from potential offerors. Alliant 3 GWAC, Request for Proposal, 47QTCB24R0009, Amendment 0001 dated 7/10/24 is issued to correct technical issues and update attachments J.P-9, J.P-10, J.P-12, and J.P-13. New versions have been updated with a V.2 in the file name and uploaded to SAM.gov for use in final proposal submission. These versions of the files must be included in the final Proposal Submission. The proposal due date has not been extended as a result of this amendment. +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ The General Services Administration (GSA) is pleased to release the Alliant 3 Governmentwide Acquisition Contract (GWAC) Request for Proposals (RFP), 47QTCB24R0009. This solicitation is the only source of official information about this procurement. The Alliant 3 RFP consists of the following: Alliant 3 RFP SF33 Contract Attachments J.P-1 A3 Contractor Teaming Arrangement (CTA) Template J.P-2 A3 Primary NAICS Code Relevant Experience Project Template J.P-3 A3 Emerging Technology Relevant Experience Project Template J.P-4 A3 Subcontractor Experience Project Template J.P-5 A3 Small Business Engagement Template J.P-6 A3 Past Performance Rating Template J.P-7 A3 Federal Contract FPDS Crosswalk Sample J.P-8 A3 Price Template J.P-9 A3 Model Individual Subcontracting Plan J.P-10 A3 GSA Form 527 Contractor Qualification and Financial Information J.P-11 A3 Contractor C-SCRM Responsibility Questionnaire J.P-12 A3 C-SCRM References J.P-13 A3 C-SCRM Plan Template J.P-14 A3 C-SCRM Control Selections J.P-15 A3 Climate Risk Management Plan Criteria J.P-16 A3 Self-Scoring Worksheet J.P-17 A3 C-SCRM Plan Preparation Guide J.P-18 A3 Labor Rate Attestation An optional pre-proposal conference will be recorded and released online to provide an overview of the Alliant 3 RFP. This conference will not introduce new information. Details on accessing the recording will be provided through this announcement in the coming days. The Alliant 3 Submission Portal is open for registration at http://idiq.gsa.gov/. Industry is instructed to review the solicitation requirements on SAM.gov and view the upcoming pre-proposal conference. The Alliant 3 Procuring Contracting Officer is the sole point of contact for all questions under this solicitation. Industry is welcome to submit questions utilizing the Google Form located at https://forms.gle/Y6ExEXmRqNQsmJM97. Offerors must submit all questions regarding the solicitation via the Google Form no later than July 26, 2024 @ 4:00p.m. ET. Questions not submitted via the google form will not be answered. GSA reserves the right to publicly discuss and publish, or simply consider questions and comments regarding the RFP. The Government’s response to questions will be made available to all potential offerors via SAM.gov with an estimated response date of August 23, 2024. The proposal submission due date is October 28, 2024, 4:00p.m. ET. Any proposals not submitted by this date and time will not be considered for evaluation

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0a79f3a5df83434498ce377111b81a26/view)