---
layout: default
title: LAUNDRY SERVICES FOR PINE RIDGE IHS HOSPITAL
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9f815e056f0a48359e1c279af0fa8046
---

# LAUNDRY SERVICES FOR PINE RIDGE IHS HOSPITAL

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-17 13:02:38.04-04
- Solicitation Number: IHS1523263

## Summary

Sources Sought: Laundry services for the Pine Ridge Indian Health Service (IHS) Hospital Sources Sought Notice Number: IHS1523263 This Sources Sought Notice is for informational and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation, an obligation or commitment by the Indian Health Service. This notice is intended strictly for market research to determine the availability of Indian Economic Enterprise (IEE). Your responses to the information requested will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method, including whether a set-aside is possible. The anticipated applicable NAICS code for this acquisition is 812332, Industrial Launderers. 1. BACKGROUND The Pine Ridge Indian Health Service (IHS) Hospital located on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in Pine Ridge, SD is a 45-bed hospital which sees medical, obstetrical, pediatric and surgical patients. The hospital processes an average of 27,000 pounds of soiled linen a month, with an approximate 324,000 pounds of soiled linen a year. This amount fluctuates depending on patient admissions at the facility. 2. OBJECTIVE The primary objective is to award a non-personal services contract for laundry services that include but are not limited to personnel, equipment, transportation and materials necessary for the collection and delivery of laundry, proper cleaning, disinfecting, ironing and folding of laundry, and effective inventory control. The contractor is required to provide all equipment, supplies and materials; and pick up and deliver two times per week during normal operation hours, in accordance with the Statement of Work. 3. CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS/ AND PERSONNEL QUALIFICATIONS (IF APPLICABLE) The Contractor will be required to provide laundry services including pick and delivery two times weekly to the Pine Ridge Hospital. Please see attached Statement of Work (SOW) for all details. 4. TYPE OF ORDER This is a firm-fixed-price, non-personal service purchase order. 5. ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Period of Performance: One year and will be established at time of award. 6. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Pine Ridge Indian Health Service Hospital 607 Indian Health Rd., Pine Ridge, SD. 57770 7. REPORT(S)/DELIVERABLES AND DELIVERY SCHEDULE Collections and deliveries are required at least two times per week. They shall be made on Monday and Thursday of each week, prior to 12:00 p.m. MST. 8. PAYMENT The contractor shall record pickup tickets on a weekly basis, and each ticket will be retained by the contractor. The monthly invoice of services shall be received no later than the first working day of the next month. Invoices shall be processed through the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP). 9. CAPABILITY STATEMENT/INFORMATION: Interested parties are expected to review this notice to familiarize itself with the requirements of this project. Failure to do so will be at your firm’s own risk. The following information shall be included in the capability statement: A general overview of the respondent’s opinions about the difficulty and/or feasibility of the potential requirement, and any information regarding innovative ideas or concepts. Information in sufficient detail of the respondent’s (a) current capability and capacity to perform the work; (b) prior completed events of similar nature/size; (c) organizational experience and management capability; and (d) examples of prior completed Government contracts and other related information. Documentation on the ability to provide a variety of Paragon28 surgical instruments and plates/ To be considered capable of fulfilling this requirement evidence of an Offerors ability to fully satisfy the requirements described above must be provided. The respondents’ Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number, organization name, address, point of contact, and size and type of business (e.g., 8(a), HUBZone, etc.) Pursuant to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code: 812332- Industrial Launderers or comparable NAICS Any other information that may be helpful in developing or finalizing the requirements of the potential acquisition. The capability statement shall not exceed 10 single-sided pages (including all attachments, resumes, charts, etc.) presented in single-space and using a 12-point font size minimum, in either Microsoft Word or Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF), with 8-1/2 by 11 inch paper size, and 1 inch top, bottom, left and right margins. All proprietary information should be marked as such. Statements should also include an indication of current certified small business status; this indication should be clearly marked on the first page of your capability statement (preferably placed under the eligible small business concern’s name and address). Responses will be reviewed only by IHS personnel and will be held in a confidential manner. 10. CLOSING STATEMENT Point of Contact: Mary Sarenana, Purchasing Agent, at mary.sarenana@ihs.gov Submission Instructions: Interested parties shall submit capability via email to mary.sarenana@ihs.gov. Must include Sources Sought Number IHS1523263 in the Subject line. The due date for receipt of statements is April 17, 2026, 12:00 p.m. Mountain Standard Time. All responses must be received by the specified due date and time in order to be considered. This notice is for information and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of IHS. IHS does not intend to award a contract on the basis of responses nor otherwise pay for the preparation of any information submitted. As a result of this notice, IHS may issue a Request for Quote (RFQ). THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. However, should such a requirement materialize, no basis for claims against IHS shall arise as a result of a response to this notice or IHS’s use of such information as either part of our evaluation process or in developing specifications for any subsequent requirement. Disclaimer and Important Notes. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a pre-solicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published in SAM.gov. However, responses to this notice will not be considered adequate responses to a solicitation. Confidentiality. No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mary Baird
  - Email: mary.baird@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6058673379

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9f815e056f0a48359e1c279af0fa8046/view)