---
layout: default
title: SOURCES SOUGHT FOR IDIQ MACC FOR NEW CONSTRUCTION, REPAIR, AND RENOVATION OF VARIOUS DRY UTILITIES CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS AT VARIOUS GOVERNMENT INSTALLATIONS LOCATED IN CA, AZ, NV, UT, CO, AND NM
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e9880a567c5f4191b092051e54f0531b
---

# SOURCES SOUGHT FOR IDIQ MACC FOR NEW CONSTRUCTION, REPAIR, AND RENOVATION OF VARIOUS DRY UTILITIES CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS AT VARIOUS GOVERNMENT INSTALLATIONS LOCATED IN CA, AZ, NV, UT, CO, AND NM

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-06 18:00:25.321-05
- Solicitation Number: N6247326RDRYU

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT FOR INDEFINITE DELIVERY INDEFINITE QUANTITY (IDIQ) MULTIPLE AWARD CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT (MACC) FOR NEW CONSTRUCTION, REPAIR, AND RENOVATION OF VARIOUS DRY UTILITIES CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS AT VARIOUS GOVERNMENT INSTALLATIONS LOCATED IN CALIFORNIA, ARIZONA, NEVADA, UTAH, COLORADO, AND NEW MEXICO This is a Sources Sought Synopsis announcement, a market survey for information to be used for preliminary planning purposes. The information received will be used within the Navy to facilitate the decision making process and will not be disclosed outside of the agency. The intent of this Sources Sought Synopsis is to identify potential qualified Small Businesses, U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) certified 8(a) Businesses, SBA certified HUBZone Small Businesses, Women-Owned Small Businesses (WOSB), and/or Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB). This Sources Sought Synopsis is one facet in the Government’s overall market research in regards to whether the proposed solicitation will be issued as a competitive set-aside or as full and open (unrestricted). No procurement strategy will be determined based solely on the information received in response to this Sources Sought Synopsis. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this announcement or any follow-up information requests. This announcement does not constitute a Request for Proposal and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government for any purpose other than market research. Respondents will not be notified of the results of this market research. Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command (NAVFAC) Southwest (SW) is seeking Small Business, SBA certified 8(a) Business, SBA certified HUBZone Small Business, WOSB, and/or SDVOSB sources with current and relevant experience, personnel, and capability to self-perform a multiple award construction contract for new construction, renovation, and repair of dry utilities construction projects at various government installations located in California, Nevada, Arizona, Colorado, Utah, and New Mexico. However, it is anticipated that most projects will be performed in the state of California. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 237130 (Power and Communication Line and Related Structures Construction) with a Small Business Size Standard of $45 million. Task orders issued under the proposed multiple award contract(s) will be performed at various Government installations located in California, Arizona, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, and New Mexico. However, it is anticipated that most projects will be performed in the state of California. The proposed contract(s) will be for one (1) base period of two (2) years and three (3) one-year option periods, resulting in the contract performance period maximum of five (5) years. The estimated total contract price for the base period and option periods for all contracts combined is $750,000,000. The task order range is estimated between $300,000 and $100,000,000. The work to be performed under this contract provides for new construction, renovation, and repair by Design-Build (DB) or Design-Bid-Build (DBB), of dry utilities construction. Projects may include, but are not limited to: electrical distribution systems, critical power systems (including uninterruptible power systems (UPS) and engine generators), controls (e.g. PLC, SCADA, relays, microgrid), exterior lighting systems, airfield lighting systems, communications and security systems, grounding systems, alternative energy structures (e.g. solar), and related work. Examples of related work is similar in scope to: trenching and duct banks; laying cable, pipes and conduit; constructing manholes, concrete equipment pads, and footings; and building structures that are integral parts of the utility systems (e.g., towers, substations, and enclosures). Interested sources are invited to respond to this sources sought announcement by using the forms provided under separate file titled “Sources Sought Information Forms.” The following information shall be provided: 1) Contractor Information: Provide your firm’s contact information, including UEI number and CAGE Code. 2) Type of Business: Identify whether your firm is a Small Business, SBA certified 8(a), SBA certified HUBZone Small Business, SDVOSB, and/or WOSB concern. For more information on the definitions or requirements for these small business programs, refer to http://www.sba.gov/. 3) Bonding Capacity: Provide your surety’s name, your maximum bonding capacity per project, and your aggregate maximum bonding capacity. 4) CMMC Certification*: Does your company have a CMMC Certification? If yes, please provide your certification level and expiration date. 4) Locations: Identify the locations in which you are willing and capable to work. 5) Experience: Submit a minimum of three (3) and maximum of seven (7) recent specific government or commercial contracts/projects your firm has self-performed to demonstrate your experience in dry utilities construction as indicated in this announcement. A specific project is a single project or a single task order under an indefinite quantity contract or on-call type contract. “Recent” is defined as having been 100% completed within the seven (7) years prior to the submission due date. All projects shall have a minimum construction cost of $300,000. Projects which do not meet these requirements may not be considered relevant. Additional minimum submission requirements: Submit at least one (1) relevant project demonstrating experience with microgrid including its associated control systems and island-mode operational testing. A microgrid is defined as a small-scale, local power grid with its own electricity generation sources. It consists of interconnected loads and distributed energy resources (DERs) within clearly defined electrical boundaries, acting as a single, controllable entity in relation to the main grid. Its primary purpose is to deliver a highly reliable supply of electricity. While it can be connected to the main utility grid, its most important feature is the ability to disconnect and operate independently in "island mode." This allows it to maintain power for its designated area even when the main grid experiences an outage. Submit at least one (1) relevant construction project with a construction cost (for dry utility scope only) of $35,000,000 or more. Submit at least one (1) relevant project demonstrating experience with design-build construction of a dry utilities project. Design-build refers to combining design and construction in a single contract with one contractor. See FAR 36.102. Design-build projects require design of the project by a licensed professional (i.e. engineer, architect). Projects that only require shop drawing level effort are not design-build projects. Submit at least one (1) relevant project demonstrating experience with underground electrical power distribution systems, with a minimum system voltage of 15kV; nominal voltage may vary (e.g. 12kV would qualify; 4160V would not qualify). Submit at least one (1) relevant project demonstrating experience with overhead electrical power distribution systems, with a minimum system voltage of 15kV; nominal voltage may vary (e.g. 12kV would qualify; 4160V would not qualify). Submit at least one (1) relevant project demonstrating experience with electrical substations (including transformers, switchgear, and control systems). Note: A single project may satisfy more than one of the above minimum requirements. For each of the projects submitted for experience evaluation, the following information is required: title and location award and completion dates contract or subcontract value type of work for overall project customer information including point of contact, phone number, and email address whether the work was performed as a prime or subcontractor type of contract (DB or DBB – see Sources Sought Information Form) narrative project description description of the work that was self-performed by your firm, including the percentage of contract value your firm self-performed For DB projects, identify the name and address of the A-E firm used to provide design or specify if design was performed in-house. Identify your working relationship with the design firm (i.e. number of years working together). 6) Safety: Submit OSHA Days Away from Work, Restricted Duty, or Transfer (DART) rates and Total Case Rate (TCR) for each of calendar years 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 and 2025. For any DART rate of 3.0 or greater or any TCR of 4.5 or greater, provide an explanation to address the extenuating circumstances that affected the rate and any corrective actions taken. Instructions for calculating the DART rate and TCR can be found at http://www.bls.gov/iif/osheval.htm. For joint ventures or mentor-protégé agreements (MPA), provide the required information for each entity in the joint venture or MPA. NAVFAC may make an acquisition strategy determination that excludes contractors that do not submit the required information or contractors with unexplained high DART or TCR rates from the pool of sufficiently qualified contractors. In sections where recent experience is requested, all experience will be evaluated for market research purposes only. Firms are advised that while experience older than seven (7) years or not yet 100% complete may demonstrate capability to perform the scope of work, it may not indicate that the firm could be competitive during a future solicitation where only the most recent seven (7) years of experience will be accepted. NAVFAC may make an acquisition strategy determination based on the likelihood that a sufficient pool of qualified contractors will be competitive on a future solicitation. Responses to this Sources Sought announcement are due no later than 2:00 p.m. (Pacific Daylight Time) on March 18, 2026. Please email your response, in a PDF format, to britney.l.machado-potestio.civ@us.navy.mil. All NAVFAC SW solicitations are posted on the website at https://sam.gov and begin with “N62473.” *NOTE: CYBERSECURITY MATURITY MODEL CERTIFICATION (CMMC)

2.0 NOTICE DoD published the final CMMC rule on September 10, 2025, ref. 90 Federal Register (FR) 43560, with an effective date of November 10, 2025. DoD’s CMMC Program mandates that all organizations handling Federal Contract Information (FCI) or Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) maintain specific cybersecurity maturity levels to protect sensitive data. CMMC provides a consistent methodology to assess compliance with cybersecurity requirements and standards set forth in the 48 CFR 52.204-21; National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP) 800-171, Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems. NAVFAC SW anticipates that all solicitations issued on or after November 10, 2026 will require CMMC Level 2 certification or higher. If your company is not certified at Level 2 or higher you will not be eligible to receive a contract award. Information concerning the CMMC Program is available at SAM.gov. See special notice, "Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Program Implementation" issued by USACE Headquarters, Directorate of Contracting. SAM.gov and https://dodcio.defense.gov/CMMC/ for more information on how to get certified.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Britney Machado-Potestio
  - Email: britney.l.machado-potestio.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e9880a567c5f4191b092051e54f0531b/view)