---
layout: default
title: Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Brand Name Only PacStar Networking Equipment
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: f3a5a441fdb14ae19607cc68e1cbbc53
---

# Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Brand Name Only PacStar Networking Equipment

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 13:09:51.245-04
- Solicitation Number: W91CRB-26-R-5005

## Summary

This is a COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 12.202(b)(1) as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number W91CRB-26-R-5005 is issued as a Brand Name Requirement for Commercial-Off -The-Shelf (COTS) Pacstar Networking Equipment. Request for Quote (RFQ). This action is posted as a 100% Small Business Set-Aside under NAICS Code: 334290 “Other Communications Equipment Manufacturing”. The size standard for the NAICS Code is 800. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The U.S. Army Contracting Command-Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG), an agency of the Government, intends to procure the following to support military operations in Bulgaria. CLIN Hardware Part Number Quantity 0001 PacStar 447 with Cisco Blackheart ESR PS447-01 38 0002 PacStar Small Form Factor Gig-E Switch PS444-02 38 0003 Core Xeon E Processor PS451-2276ME-96-25D-06 19 0004 KG250XS Sled PS400-KG250XS-01 19 0005 50W Chassis, 5 Slot PS400-250-CHAS-5-004 19 This procurement is a requirement for Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Case BU-B-UCL, for the country of Bulgaria. The Government anticipates the issuance of a commercial Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract as a result of subject synopsis/solicitation. The anticipated date of award to be determined, but no later than 8 July 2026. The offeror shall provide a firm-fixed-price for all hardware. The price shall be inclusive of all hardware required as specified in the Statement of Work (SOW) enclosed. Other Information/Requirements: It is the responsibility of the Offeror to ensure that their Offer is compliant with ALL provisions of the FAR and its supplements. The Government MAY, but is not obligated to, consider an Offer that is non-compliant with any provision of the FAR and its supplements. Furthermore, the Government is NOT required to inform any Offeror that their Offer is non-compliant with the FAR or any of its supplements. Failure of an Offer to comply with any provision of the FAR and its supplements may result in the Offeror being deemed non-responsive to the solicitation. The Government requires all hardware to be delivered as soon as possible. Contractor shall propose a delivery date for all CLINs. Only one (1) date shall be provided per CLIN. Details of Delivery Location and Inspection and Acceptance are as follows: Place of delivery: Sterling, VA Inspection and Acceptance at Origin (Offeror’s Facility) FOB Origin All responsible sources may submit a quote which will be considered by the Contracting Officer. The offeror must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database and include the assigned Unique Entity Identification code with quote submission. **Offerors SHALL include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with their response. Additionally, Offerors shall provide a completed copy of 52.204-24 and 52.204-26 with their response. Offerors SHALL also meet the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) level cited in DFARS provision 252.204-25 and clause 252.204-21. The CMMC Level for this requirement is Level 2 (Self). Any questions are to be submitted in writing to Naomi Cross, Contract Specialist, via email to: naomi.cross2.civ@army.mil no later than 10:00AM - EST – U.S. on 27 March 2026. The offeror shall submit their quote via email to Naomi Cross, Contract Specialist, to: naomi.cross2.civ@army.mil, by 10:00AM – EST – U.S. on 3 April 2026. An email confirmation from the contract specialist must be received to be considered submitted. Contact Information: Naomi Cross Contract Specialist Army Contracting Command –Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG) Email – naomi.cross2.civ@army.mil BASIS FOR AWARD: The Government intends to award a commercial firm-fixed-price (FFP) contract to the responsible offeror whose quote conforms to the requirements of this combined synopsis/solicitation. Quotes will be evaluated in accordance with FAR

12.203 Evaluation. A single award will be made based on the Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable (LPTA) evaluation approach. (Note: See FAR 52.212-2 for evaluation criteria detailed herein). In accordance with DFARS provision 252.204-7025(d), “The Offeror shall provide, in the proposal, the CMMC unique identifier(s) (CMMC UIDs) issued by SPRS for each contractor information system that will process, store, or transmit FCI or CUI during performance of a contract, task order, or delivery order resulting from this solicitation”. Failure to provide the UID and confirmation of CMMC level 2 for this requirement with quote submission will result in ineligibility for award. A quote that fully complies with the above as well as the requirements of this solicitation will be evaluated for award. Any submission that fails to complete the following representations and certifications: FAR 52.212-3, 52.204-24, 52.204-26 will also be considered non-responsive to the solicitation's requirements and therefore, ineligible for award. Verification can be provided via SAM.gov or as attachments to the offeror’s quote submission. In accordance with FAR 52.212-1(d), the Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. Quotes will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 52.212-2, “Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021)”: (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Factor 1 Cost/Price: Price will be evaluated based on the total proposed price for CLINs 0001 - 0005. Factor 2 Technical: Offerors shall demonstrate their ability to meet the specifications provided in this solicitation and associated Statement of Work (SOW). Additionally, the technical element of the evaluation shall be based solely on information furnished by the vendor. The Government is not responsible for locating or securing any information which is not provided in the proposal. Factor 3 Past Performance: Offeror’s Past performance shall be evaluated by reviewing performance information reported to the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS), as well as other sources of information. Technical and Past Performance, when combined, are approximately equal to Cost/Price. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option (s). (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer's specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Naomi Cross
  - Email: naomi.cross2.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f3a5a441fdb14ae19607cc68e1cbbc53/view)