---
layout: default
title: Notice of Intent to Sole Source: Lab Chemistry Analyzer and Cost-Per-Test Agreement for Shaw Air Force Base
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 29aefaa52bee49fdbf9a114a75afc0b3
---

# Notice of Intent to Sole Source: Lab Chemistry Analyzer and Cost-Per-Test Agreement for Shaw Air Force Base

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 14:18:12.206-04
- Solicitation Number: HT940626ChemAnalyzerShaw

## Summary

This presolicitation posting has been updated to reflect the Amended Attachment A - Test Menu Requirements. NOTICE OF INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE: This notice is being published in accordance with Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Overhaul (RFO) Subpart 5.101 requiring dissemination of information for proposed contract actions. This is a Notice of Intent to award a sole source contract and is not a request for competitive quotes/proposals. The Defense Health Agency Contracting Activity Healthcare Contracting Division, Southeast (DHACA-HCD-SE) is issuing this Notice of Intent (NOI) to inform industry contractors of the Government’s intent to execute a Sole Source contract under RFO FAR 12.102, Restricting Competition. This notice satisfies posting requirements at RFO FAR Part 5.101. The intended contractor is Quidel Ortho Sales Company, LLC, who is identified as a sole proprietor. The place of delivery/service is Shaw Air Force Base - 20th Medical Group Laboratory, 420 Polifka Drive, Building 1042, Shaw AFB, SC 29152. A Base Period plus four (4) Option Years, and one (1) six (6) month Option period contract to provide a VITROS ® 5600 Lab Chemistry Analyzer that can perform Costs-Per-Tests. All required tests are listed in Attachment A – Test Menu Requirements. The analyzer provided must comply with the required specifications listed in Attachment B – Chemistry Analyzer Essential Characteristics and must be compatible with Military Health System (MHS) GENESIS, the electronic health record system. The Cost-Per-Tests shall include all reagents, calibrators, controls, supplies, and preventive maintenance. The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, materials, supervision, along with other items and non-personal services necessary to perform Cost-Per-Test Agreement. All supplies, maintenance and technical support services must be in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws, to include all regulations, manufacturers recommended standards, and commercial requirements. The Contractor must have a current/approved Authority to Operate (ATO) certificate from Defense Health Agency (DHA) for the specific model of system referenced in this NOI. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for this requirement is 334516. The Product/Service Code (PSC) is 6630. The Small Business Administration (SBA) size standard in terms of the number of employees is 1,000. This NOI is neither a formal solicitation, nor a request for competitive proposals. No solicitation document is available, and telephone requests will not be honored. No award will be made based on unsolicited quotations or offers received in response to this notice. Any response to this notice must show clear, compelling, and convincing evidence that competition will be advantageous to the Government. The intent of this synopsis is for informational purposes only. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct competitive procurement. A determination by the Government to not compete this action based on this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All inquiries and concerns must be addressed in writing via email to Min Aung at min.z.aung.civ@health.mil and Mary Shifflett at mary.e.shifflett2.civ@health.mil with the following information referenced in the subject line, VITROS ® 5600 Lab Chemistry Analyzer, Shaw Air Force Base. All interested parties who are responsible, certified, and capable may identify their interest and may submit a Capabilities Statement on company letterhead no later than 10:00AM Eastern Standard Time (EST) March 17, 2026, to the above listed contacts. The interested parties bear full responsibility to ensure complete, timely transmission and confirmation of receipt.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Min Aung
  - Email: min.z.aung.civ@health.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Mary Shifflett
  - Email: mary.e.shifflett2.civ@health.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Test Menu Requirements. NOTICE OF INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE: This notice is being published in accordance with Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Overhaul (RFO) Subpart 5.101 requiring dissemination of information for proposed contract actions. This is a Notice of Intent to award a sole source contract and is not a request for competitive quotes/proposals. The Defense Health Agency Contracting Activity Healthcare Contracting Division, Southeast (DHACA-HCD-SE) is issuing this Notice of Intent (NOI) to inform industry contractors of the Government’s intent to execute a Sole Source contract under RFO FAR 12.102, Restricting Competition. This notice satisfies posting requirements at RFO FAR Part 5.101. The intended contractor is Quidel Ortho Sales Company, LLC, who is identified as a sole proprietor. The place of delivery/service is Shaw Air Force Base - 20th Medical Group Laboratory, 420 Polifka Drive, Building 1042, Shaw AFB, SC 29152. A Base Period plus four (4) Option Years, and one (1) six (6) month Option period contract to provide a VITROS ® 5600 Lab Chemistry Analyzer that can perform Costs-Per-Tests. All required tests are listed in Attachment A – Test Menu Requirements. The analyzer provided must comply with the required specifications listed in Attachment B – Chemistry Analyzer Essential Characteristics and must be compatible with Military Health System (MHS) GENESIS, the electronic health record system. The Cost-Per-Tests shall include all reagents, calibrators, controls, supplies, and preventive maintenance. The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, materials, supervision, along with other items and non-personal services necessary to perform Cost-Per-Test Agreement. All supplies, maintenance and technical support services must be in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws, to include all regulations, manufacturers recommended standards, and commercial requirements. The Contractor must have a current/approved Authority to Operate (ATO) certificate from Defense Health Agency (DHA) for the specific model of system referenced in this NOI. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for this requirement is 334516. The Product/Service Code (PSC) is 6630. The Small Business Administration (SBA) size standard in terms of the number of employees is 1,000. This NOI is neither a formal solicitation, nor a request for competitive proposals. No solicitation document is available, and telephone requests will not be honored. No award will be made based on unsolicited quotations or offers received in response to this notice. Any response to this notice must show clear, compelling, and convincing evidence that competition will be advantageous to the Government. The intent of this synopsis is for informational purposes only. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct competitive procurement. A determination by the Government to not compete this action based on this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All inquiries and concerns must be addressed in writing via email to Min Aung at min.z.aung.civ@health.mil and Mary Shifflett at mary.e.shifflett2.civ@health.mil with the following information referenced in the subject line, VITROS ® 5600 Lab Chemistry Analyzer, Shaw Air Force Base. All interested parties who are responsible, certified, and capable may identify their interest and may submit a Capabilities Statement on company letterhead no later than 10:00AM Eastern Standard Time (EST) March 17, 2026, to the above listed contacts. The interested parties bear full responsibility to ensure complete, timely transmission and confirmation of receipt

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/29aefaa52bee49fdbf9a114a75afc0b3/view)