---
layout: default
title: 657-25-106 Correct Various HVAC, Vertical Transportation & Refrigeration Deficiencies
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 504f7fd9315842ee93f13f3d4fb93f3b
---

# 657-25-106 Correct Various HVAC, Vertical Transportation & Refrigeration Deficiencies

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 15:43:28.382-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526R0036

## Summary

SYNOPSIS: PROJECT NUMBER / TITLE: 657-25-106, Correct Various HVAC, Vertical Transportation & Refrigeration Deficiencies CONTRACT INFORMATION a. This A-E Services requirement is being procured in accordance with the Brooks Act (Public Law (PL0582) and implemented in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 36. Firms will be selected based on demonstrated competence and qualifications for the required work. b. This procurement is restricted to Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) firms. This requirement is being procured in accordance with VAAR 836.606-73 as implemented in FAR Subpart 36.6. c. This is not a Request for Proposal and an award will not be made with this announcement. This announcement is a request for SF 330’s from qualified contractors that meet the professional requirements. d. The selection criteria for this acquisition will be in accordance with FAR 36.602-1 and VAAR 836.602-1 and are listed below in descending order of importance. The completed SF 330 will be evaluated by the St. Louis VA Health Care System Evaluation Board in accordance with FAR 36.602-5(a) and the selection report shall serve as the final selection list, which will be provided directly to the Contracting Officer. The Government will not pay nor reimburse any costs associated with responding to this request. The Government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. e. Award of any resultant contract is contingent upon the availability of funds. f. No solicitation document is available and no other information pertaining to project scope, etc. is available at this time. Any request for assistance with submission or other procedural matters shall be submitted via email only to gislaine.dorvil@va.gov . Personal visits to discuss this announcement will not be allowed. g. The NAICS Codes for this procurement is 541330 Engineering Services and small business size standard of $25.5M, PSC: C1DA. Award of a Firm Fixed Price contract is anticipated. The anticipated time for completion of design is approximately 182 calendar days including time for VA reviews. h. DATABASE REGISTRATION INFORMATION: VERIFICATION OF STATUS OF APPARENTLY SUCCESSFUL OFFEROR THIS ACQUISITION IS 100% SET-ASIDE FOR QUALIFIED SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN OWNED SMALL BUSINESS AE FIRMS INCOMPLIANCE WITH VAAR 852.219-10. ONLY BUSINESSES VERIFIED AND LISTED IN THE VENDOR INFORMATION PAGES DATABASE, (http://www.Vetbiz.gov), SHALL BE CONSIDERED. i. SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM): Federal Acquisition Registrations require that federal contractors register in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at www.sam.gov and enter all mandatory information into the system. Award cannot be made until the contractor has registered. Offerors are encouraged to ensure that they are registered in SAM prior to submitting their qualifications package. j. THE EXCLUDED PARTIES LIST SYSTEM (EPLS): To ensure that the individuals providing services under the contract have not engaged in fraud or abuse regarding Sections 1128 and1128A of the Social Security Act regarding federal health care programs, the contractor is required to check the Excluded Parties List System (EPLS) located at www.sam.gov for each person providing services under this contract. Further the contractor is required to certify that all persons listed in the qualifications package have been compared against the EPLS list and are NOT listed. During the performance of this contract the Contractor is prohibited from using any individual or business listed on the List of Excluded Individuals/Entities. k. E-VERIFY SYSTEM: Companies awarded a contract with the federal government shall be required to enroll in E-Verify within 30 days of the contract award date. They shall also need to begin using the E-Verify system to confirm that all of their new hires and their employees directly working on federal contracts are authorized to legally work in the United States. E-Verify is an Internet-based system that allows an employer, using information reported on an employee's Form I-9, to determine the eligibility of that employee to work in the United States. There is no charge to employers to use E-Verify. (FAR 52.222-54) l. A-E firms are required to respond if interested by submitting one (1) completed Standard Form 330 qualification package Parts I and II to include all consultants (form available on-line at: http://www.gsa.gov/portal/forms/download/116486) Must include in Part I Section H an organizational chart of the firm (excludes consultants) and a design quality management plan. Submission information incorporated by reference is not allowed. All submissions shall be made electronically. m. Completed package shall be delivered electronically on or before 12/23/2025 at 2:00PM Central Standard Time to the NCO 15 Contracting Office, Attn: Gislaine Dorvil, Contracting Officer to gislaine.dorvil@va.gov. PROJECT INFORMATION The mission of the Veterans Affairs Saint Louis Health Care System (VASTLHCS) is to provide the highest quality health care to our nation’s veterans. In order to accomplish this mission, VASTLHCS’ Facility Engineering Service (FES) intends to partner with a AE Design firm on a project to 657-25-106 - Correct Various HVAC, Vertical Transportation & Refrigeration Deficiencies, Jefferson Barracks (JB) Division, St. Louis, MO 63125. This project will repair or upgrade the following existing rooms, systems, equipment, and ancillary items to meet current codes, federal/state regulations, and VA TIL specifications. The scope of work shall include but is not limited to the following: Supplement B SUPPLEMENT B (For Schematics, Design Development, Construction Documents, Construction Cost Estimate and Construction Period Services) DESIGN TIMEFRAME: A/E shall deliver final construction documents No Later Than (NLT) 182 days after the Award/Notice to Proceed Letter. CONSTRUCTION BUDGET/DESIGN LIMITATION: Magnitude of Project between $250,000.00 and $500,000.00. B1 Schedule of Services: I. INTRODUCTION: This project will replace freezer and cooler in rooms B022B & B022A which are beyond their useful life. Excessive humidity coming into the doc area ice forms inside freezer as well as on fan motors causing them to fail. This is the only storage freezer for NFS, and failures of this equipment necessitate rental of temporary units until repairs are made. This project will also install a lifting hoist mounted in the receiving doc as JC. Logistics have been receiving large amounts of heavy equipment shipments that require uncrating and assembling wheels, etc. before the equipment can be brought into the facility. Lift will require structural analysis and connection to existing doc roof structure to ensure safe operation. Additionally, the project will correct deficiencies in CAA rooms A031A JC, and at JB. Project will provide mechanical exhaust to meet 6 AC/HR to be in compliance with mechanical exhaust ventilation system to provide 6 AC/HR. If mech system is used, it shall be controlled by a switch outside the door. Ventilation equipment and any lighting fixture shall be operated by the same switch. Per NFPA 30, Mechanical ventilation is required for class 1 liquids. FCA 164327, FCA 325524 four condensing units serving the kitchen walk-in B022. Approximately 2 tons each are beyond their useful life. II. SCOPE OF CONSTRUCTION PROJECT: Existing Conditions: VASTLHCS John Cochran Building 1 is an existing 11 story building with multiple additions that contains multiple medical services and clinics. Jefferson Barracks Building 1 is an existing 5-story building with multiple additions that contain multiple medical services and clinics. Within these two buildings are areas that require repair or upgrading as detailed in this document. Project Intent: a. This project will repair or upgrade the following existing rooms, systems, equipment, and ancillary items to meet current codes, federal/state regulations, and VA TIL specifications. Nutrition Food Services refrigeration systems in JC B1 room B022A, B022B, and B022C, and (4) four walk-in coolers B319A, B320H, B320G, B320F, served by Mechanical Room B318. An exterior scissor lift at JC B1 dock. Central Accumulation Area (CAA) rooms (containing Class 1 liquids) ventilation and safety at JC B1 room A031A and JB B1 room GE18. Pharmacy dumbwaiter in JC B1 room B102A linked up to B406. The project will address FCA 164327 and FCA 325534. b. The design team shall provide all necessary design, estimation, and construction period services to upgrade the listed rooms and any other rooms or areas identified as part of completing the project intent. The design team shall create a complete package of construction documents to meet applicable design standards and building codes, to include but not limited to Federal and State regulations (MDNR, EPA, OSHA, & NFPA 30) CFR 1910.106(d)(4)(iv), and the VA TIL. c. The design team shall survey each room listed and the utility systems, rooms, or areas that serve the listed rooms. Based on that survey and the design solutions presented, additional rooms or areas may be included into the scope of work to complete the project intent. III. SCOPE OF WORK FOR A/E: 1. Design Development: a. The A/E shall make investigations necessary to thoroughly evaluate the area. This may include, but not limited to, hazardous materials identification in the direct area of work and areas impacted by the project. All designs shall be in accordance with A/E Submission Instructions for Minor and NRM Construction Program, Program Guide PG-18-15, Volume C. The design will also encompass Asbestos Abatement Design Manual (PG 18-10) Compliance: https://www.cfm.va.gov/til/dManual/dmASBhosp.pdf. b. Upon completion of initial field survey and assessment, provide a comprehensive report of existing conditions and findings to VASTLHCS’ Facility Engineering Service. Report will include initial cost estimate for all work included in this project. Hazardous material surveys and design shall be in compliance with National Emissions Standard for Hazardous Air Pollutants (NESHAP) requirements for renovation and demolition projects. This report will be considered the Design Narrative as referenced in ”B5 DESIGN REVIEW AND COMPLETION SCHEDULE” below. 2. Construction Document: a. After the VAMC approves the A/E's design development, the A/E shall prepare construction documents necessary to accomplish the approved design development. b. The VPIH firm as part of the 100% design submission, the A/E shall provide a written synopsis describing the overall scope of the construction project as well as any pertinent information about the project that would assist potential bidders in preparing a comprehensive bid package. This synopsis is intended to be a general description of the project not to exceed two written pages in length. c. The final design documents from a resultant task order will be subject to review and approval (by signature) of all members of an Integrated Project Team (IPT) consisting of medical center personnel. These individuals will be identified by the COR at the first design review meeting. 3. Construction Period Service: The A/E shall perform construction period services as detailed later in this scope of work. 4. Functional Product: a. It is important to emphasize that the VPIH shall perform design development and detailed design work and prepare detailed abatement documents, keeping in mind that the end result is a completely functional and fully operational system to include Abatement Design. b. VPIH Survey: The VPIH Firm will complete a survey, to include testing, identifying any and all asbestos and lead containing materials within the project area. This project will remove all lead and asbestos in areas being renovated. c. Reference VA Asbestos Abatement Design Manual (PG 18-10) July 2011. d. All spaces within the scope of work must be designed according to applicable codes and standards. e. The A/E shall submit a design narrative (15%) and design plans (35%, 65%, 95%, 100% Contract Docs for Bidding, and Release for Construction Set) specifications, submittals schedule, estimates and other documentation in accordance with the “B4 DESIGN DELIVERABLES” section of this Supplement B. The construction work will be performed under a separate Firm-Fixed-Price contract awarded by the VA. As a result, the Construction Documents must conform to the estimated Total Construction Cost Price, not including any contingencies, and convey the entire construction work completely and clearly, such that any bidder can produce an accurate bid without surveying the work site. f. The A/E will also participate in the VASTLHCS Pre-Construction Risk Assessment to determine the requirements for Infection Control, Interim Life Safety Measures, occupational safety and health, patient safety, public safety, security controls for physical and logistical access, and environmental controls and limitations on vibrations, noise, and disruptions to operations and utilities. The results of these assessments will be included in documentation submitted by the A/E pursuant to, and inclusive of, the Construction Documents. g. Prior to submittal of a response to this proposal the A/E shall meet with the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) at the proposed project site to review the scope of services and the project goals. The COR will provide A/E with a copy of the portions of the latest Facilities Condition Assessment (FCA) applicable to this project. This can occur at the same time as the project Kickoff Meeting. h. Overall site plans will be provided as a Reference Drawing with Room Numbers showing the areas within the project boundary. i. The C&A requirements do not apply, and that a Security Accreditation VPIH Responsibilities: a. Determine if asbestos, lead or mold is present. If found, design a method for abating/remediating all asbestos containing materials, lead containing materials and mold contaminated items impacting this project. b. Determine location of asbestos, lead and/or mold contamination, and any water and moisture damage. Work with the I.H. to uncover and assess hidden areas. To the extent possible, all materials known or suspected to be disturbed or otherwise impacted during this project must be sampled prior to demolition and included in the abatement design. If materials are unable to be sampled during the design phase of the project, they must be sampled during selective demolition processes during the construction phase or otherwise treated as ACM. c. For mold contamination, determine the contributing factors to the mold development. d. For asbestos and lead contamination, determine the extent of abatement required to eliminate all impacts to this project. e. Develop the Abatement Design for areas & materials covered under the project in accordance with EPA and VHA guidelines. f. Review the I.H. Report. g. Produce a written report and drawings compiling all necessary information. VA Professional Industrial Hygienist (VPIH): The VPIH will retain a specialist in VPIH services to provide sufficient oversight of the abatement process. The following VPIH services will comply with federal, state and local laws and regulations: a. Review of Contractor Provided Asbestos Abatement Plan: The VPIH is responsible for reviewing and approving the Contractor's Professional Industrial Hygienist (CPIH) work plans. Provide comments and recommendations to ensure VA personnel and/or patients are not exposed to asbestos fibers. b. Provide Air and Materials Sampling: Provide air and materials sampling of the construction site to verify that no asbestos fibers were released during the asbestos abatement activities. Provide materials sampling within the construction site when suspect materials are uncovered and it is unconfirmed if the material contains asbestos or lead. Field work and sampling activities shall be performed by trained personnel under the direction of a licensed Industrial Hygienist or Board-Certified Microbial Consultant. c. Provide Abatement Oversight: Provide oversight of the abatement contractor to ensure compliance with abatement laws and regulations. d. Provide Final Clearance: Ensure the contractor has completed the abatement work required and provide final clearance that the abatement work is complete and there are no impacts to the Medical Center. e. Provide Final Report: Provide a final report showing daily logs, sampling results and collected documents. All work shall be in compliance with applicable laws, regulations and procedures published or issued by federal, state and local regulatory agencies for the abatement and control of hazardous materials. Government Furnished Design Criteria: a. The VPIH shall design in accordance with the requirements of the following VA publications, which can be found in the VA Tech Info Library (TIL) at http://www.cfm.va.gov/TIL/ : b. Other design criteria may be required to meet specific requirements of the design work scope that are not listed above or are not available on the VA Office of Facilities web site. The VPIH is responsible for obtaining and complying with all such criteria. EVALUATION FACTORS: Selection Criteria are in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 36.602-5 and VA Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) Part 836.602-1. Prospective firms are required to address all selection criteria within submitted SF330 packages using additional pages as necessary. SF 330 submissions including any additional pages are not to exceed fifty (50) pages. Each page cannot exceed 81/2 x 11 in size. Qualifications (SF330) submitted by each firm for PROJECT NUMBER: 657-25-106 Correct Various HVAC, Vertical Transportation & Refrigeration Deficiencies, JB for St Louis VA Medical Center Jefferson Barracks,1 Jefferson Barracks Drive., St. Louis MO. 63125 will be reviewed and evaluated based on the following evaluation criteria listed below in descending order of importance: 1. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS: The qualifications of the individuals which will be used for these services will be examined for experience and education and their record of working together as a team. A/E firms shall have licensed professional architects and engineers currently registered in the state of Missouri or in a state of which Missouri has recognized the engineering license. The specific disciplines which will be evaluated are Architects, Civil Engineer, Mechanical Engineers, Electrical Engineers, Structural Engineers, Industrial Hygienists, Estimators, CAD operators, Project Managers, LEED Consultant, Fire Protection Engineer, and Interior Designer. 2. SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE AND TECHNICAL COMPETENCE: Provide detailed project information on any projects (that are complete - design and construction) the proposed team has worked together on in the last five (5) years. Special emphasis will be given to any medical facility related projects that are similar in scope. If the entire team has not worked together previously, provide detailed project information that each of the team members have worked on in the last three (3) years with special emphasis on medical facility projects. The project information should include project titles, a short scope of work, date of design completion, date of construction completion, firms involved, etc. Provide the project title, scope of work, date of design start for this team, percentage of design when accepted by team and completion of design 3. CAPACITY TO ACCOMPLISH WORK: The general workload and staffing capacity of the design offices which will be responsible for the majority of the design and the ability to accomplish the work in the required time will be evaluated. 4. PAST PERFORMANCE: NCO 15 will evaluate past performance on recent and similar contracts with Government agencies (emphasis on VA work) and private industry in terms of construction cost estimating, cost control, quality of work, compliance with performance schedules and a record of significant claims against the firm due to improper or incomplete engineering services (references required). Project past performances that are older than 3 years will receive a lesser score than those references for projects accomplished within the past 3 years. 5. ESTIMATING EFFECTIVENESS. Provide information on the five (5) most recently awarded construction projects that were designed by this A/E team. Provide the project title, brief scope of work, A/E team’s construction estimate total and actual construction award price. If the difference is greater than 10% explain why the A/E believes the difference was greater than 10%. If the team does not have any recent projects, provide the same information on projects that the prime A/E for this team was the prime A/E for the past projects. Provide the names, titles and experience of the persons that will perform the design for each discipline; and then has oversight of the entire estimate. 6. CLAIMS AND TERMINATIONS. Provide documentation of significant claims against the firm or terminated contracts because of improper or incomplete architectural and engineering services. Provide a detailed narrative of relevant projects within the last 5 years that have claims against the organization or have been terminated by the owner. Include the circumstances, cost, and schedule impacts to involved parties, and outcomes of the claims and/or terminations, these will be reviewed.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Gislaine Dorvil
  - Email: Gislaine.Dorvil@va.gov
  - Phone: 9139461139
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Tim Parison
  - Email: timothy.parison@va.gov
  - Phone: 9139461140

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/504f7fd9315842ee93f13f3d4fb93f3b/view)