---
layout: default
title: Operation & Maintenance Engineering Enhancement Support Services (Korean Firms Only)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9ef97f9d1a6e4fbf8699ace3f11a946e
---

# Operation & Maintenance Engineering Enhancement Support Services (Korean Firms Only)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-16 09:46:04.513-04
- Solicitation Number: W912DY-25-R-KREA

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT notice that is issued solely for informational and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. This notice is for market research purposes only and IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL, nor does it restrict the Government as to the ultimate acquisition approach. This notice is open for responses from Korean firms only and responses will be utilized to determine if this requirement can be set-aside for Korean firms. The Government will not reimburse respondents for any costs incurred in preparation of a response to this notice. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The Government does not intend to rank submittals or provide any reply to interested companies and responses will not be returned. CONTRACT INFORMATION: The U.S. Army Engineering and Support Center in Huntsville (CEHNC), Alabama is seeking qualified firms to provide support for Operation and Maintenance services (described further below) of Medical and Supporting Facilities, including repair and replacement of equipment and minor construction services at Government medical and related non-medical facilities and medical research laboratories in Korea; to include locations that have DoD Medical Facilities under the Operation and Maintenance Engineering Enhancement (OMEE) Program. The Government is performing market research in order to determine if any Korean firms possess the capability to execute the requirements within this acquisition. Interested Korean firms who meet the capability requirements identified in this notice are requested to reply to this notice with a response to the questions below. If no experience or capabilities are associated with a particular question, so indicate. All Korean firms must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). PROJECT INFORMATION: To provide specialized medical facilities O&M services to support the Defense Health Agency (DHA) at locations throughout the Contiguous United States, Alaska, Hawaii, U.S. Territories and Outside of the Contiguous United States. The Contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, tools, vehicles, materials, supervision, subcontracts, and other items and services necessary to perform all operations, maintenance and repair and facility management support tasks and functions for medical treatment facilities at specified location. The objective of this task order is to provide O&M services for Osan AB, Republic of Korea facilities throughout South Korean peninsula. The contractor performing under this task order will provide all personnel, equipment, tools, vehicles, materials, supervision, subcontracts, and other items and services necessary to perform and shall perform all operation, maintenance, repair and facility management support tasks and functions for medical facilities as defined in the Performance Work Statement (PWS). SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS: Interested firms should submit a document which furnishes information describing relevant demonstrated experience and qualifications in the following format: The submissions should be Times New Roman, font size 12 and should not exceed 2, one-sided, 8 ½" X 11" pages. The submission will address all questions in the Capabilities Questionnaire listed below and your ability to perform the services stated in the above notice. Submit responses via email to: Mark A. Hiscox, Mark.A.Hiscox@usace.army.mil, Ms. Kerry S. Joseph, Kerry.S.Joseph@usace.army.mil. Submissions shall be received NO LATER THAN 0900 Hours Central Standard Time – 17 March 2026. NO HARDCOPY OR FACSIMILE SUBMISSIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. Cover letters and extraneous materials (brochures, etc.) will not be considered. Personal visits for the purpose of discussing this announcement will not be scheduled. CAPABILITIES QUESTIONNAIRE: SECTION I: GENERAL Business Name: (Insert Business Name) Business Address: (Insert Business Address) Cage Code/UEI: Responsible Point of Contact: Is your firm a Korean firm? YES or NO SECTION II: CAPABILITY/CORPORATE EXPERIENCE Does your firm have the ability to work in all of Korea? Please provide location limitations below. Does your firm have the capability to perform 50% or greater of the work on an awarded project? If not, please provide details. Describe your firm’s experience working with The Joint Commission (TJC) and Association of Assessment. Have you worked on or at any facilities that are TJC accredited? Do you have the ability to provide all required documentation to pass TJC compliance standards? What is your firm's level of experience in performing the preventive maintenance and repair of facility systems and equipment, aseptic management, grounds maintenance, pest management, medical equipment maintenance, non-complex construction repairs, and other activities associated with operation, maintenance, and repair, all within active patientcare medical facilities or on medica1 campuses, and within medical research laboratories? The level of experience should have been completed within the past five years and provide up to 3 total-facility medical operations and maintenance project examples ongoing or completed within the past 5 years that demonstrate your team’s level of experience in full spectrum of operation and maintenance services. Contract Agency with Reference Point of Contact: Contract Number: Task Order Number (if applicable): Role: Prime or Subcontractor (If your performance was through subcontract or joint partnership, indicate the percentage of work for each partner for each element of service provided.) Award Amount: $ Project Name: Location of Project: Project Description: Scope of services Facility Size (square footage or cumulative medical campus square footage if multiple facilities; number of facilities under contract) Complexity (Inpatient care medical center or hospital; Ambulatory care facility; Business Occupancy; BSL4, BSL3, etc.)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mark Hiscox
  - Email: mark.a.hiscox@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kerry Joseph
  - Email: kerry.s.joseph@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9ef97f9d1a6e4fbf8699ace3f11a946e/view)