---
layout: default
title: WGQ Technical Benches
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: a4924720efb74e29848cd38b797b7523
---

# WGQ Technical Benches

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 17:26:20.844-04
- Solicitation Number: N6833526Q1027

## Summary

*Please note an additional attachment (Attachment 4) has been added on 3/17/2026 responding to questions from interested vendor(s).* I. Description of Requirement The Naval Air Warfare Center, Aircraft Division (NAWCAD) Lakehurst, NJ has a requirement to procure Technical Benches for the WGQ Calibration Lab for at the Fleet Readiness Center Reserve Mid Atlantic Detachment McGuire (FRCR). This procurement is required to set up a lab for the FRCR, all the equipment is required to be commercial off the shelf (COTS). The manufacturer shall provide the minimum commercial warranty for the calibration standard of at least one (1) calendar year from date of shipment. Each calibration standard shall have a sticker affixed to the outside of the unit enclosure. The Government intends to procure the above items under a total small business set aside through a Firm-Fixed Price Contract. The Period of Performance (PoP) for the resultant award shall be three hundred and sixty-five (365) days after contract award. A discretionary site visit will be offered for this requirement. Attendance is NOT a requirement for award but is highly encouraged. Any offeror attending a site visit shall do so at its own expense. The Government will not compensate or be responsible for any costs associated with a site visit. A guided site visit will be conducted on 25 March 2026 and commence at 1000 AM EST. Attendees shall contact SSgt Forrest Baker (504) 335-5920 and alternate point of contact AT1 John Deems (785) 633-9444, to confirm attendance and arrange base access and coordinate your arrival. Attendees shall confirm attendance no later than fourty-eight (48) hours prior to commencement of the site visit. Please see the following Attachments: Attachment 1 Statement of Work (SOW) Attachment 2 Lab Layout Attachment 3 Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) Structure II. Solicitation Instructions This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for Commercial items prepared in accordance with format in FAR Subpart

12.6 Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and FAR Part 13 Simplified Acquisition Procedures, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) in accordance with FAR Subpart 12.6 and FAR Part 13 under combined synopsis/solicitation number N68335-26-Q-1027. The solicitation and incorporated provisions and clauses are in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-03. This will be a 100% Small Business Set-Aside. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code is 337127 Institutional Furniture Manufacturing with a size standard of 500 employees. The Product Service Code is 6640. Please note that the Provisions and Clauses within this Solicitation are implemented in accordance with the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) and related Class Deviations. Please see Attachments 1 through 3 for requirement specifications and CLIN Structure for a list of the line-item number(s), quantities and units of measure. The description of the requirements for the items to be acquired are provided in the description above and Attachments 1 through 3. Inspection is at destination to JBMDL, NJ (N44493) and Acceptance is at Other at Lakehurst, NJ (N68335). The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: BASIS OF AWARD

1.0 GENERAL Award will be made to the lowest price responsible Offeror that is deemed Eligible for award. The Government will evaluate quotations based on the following criteria: 1) Award Eligibility; 2) Technical Description; and, 3) Price. Award Eligibility: The Government will verify eligibility conforms with a total small business set aside. Technical Description: The Government will evaluate whether the quote has included a technical description of the items being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements in the solicitation. Quotations that do not include a technical description of the items being offered or do not include a technical description of the items being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with requirements in the solicitation, will not be considered for award. The quotation shall conform with the CLIN structure included in the SOW. Respondents are encouraged to provide their best delivery lead time. However, no preference shall be provided for advanced delivery; only compliance with the required delivery schedule as described in SOW shall be evaluated. The Offeror shall provide the required quantities as specified in the CLIN Structure, Attachment 3. Technical Acceptable/Unacceptable Ratings Rating - Description Acceptable - Proposal clearly meets the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Unacceptable - Proposal does not clearly meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Price: The Government will evaluate price for reasonableness and award will be made to the lowest price responsible Offeror that is deemed Eligible for award. For competitive evaluation purposes, the evaluated price for this procurement will be based on a sum of all CLINs. Offerors must provide pricing for all CLINs in accordance with the CLIN Structure (Attachment 3). Each Offeror’s proposal shall be evaluated to determine if it is complete. Past Performance: Evaluation of each supplier’s past performance history in the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) for the PSC of the supplies being purchased. In the case of a supplier without a record of relevant past performance history in SPRS for the PSC of the supplies being purchased, the Offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably for its past performance history. SPRS assigns each contractor a color based on the high five percent in the commodity (Dark Blue), next 10 percent (Purple), next 70 percent (Green), next 10 percent (Yellow), and last five percent (Red). Past performance, ratings are as follows: Past Performance Acceptable/Unacceptable Ratings Rating - Description Acceptable - Offeror has a rating of Dark Blue, Purple, Green or Yellow in SPRS Unacceptable - Offeror has a rating of Red in SPRS Neutral - Offeror has no rating in SPRS The Government intends to evaluate proposals and award the contract without discussions as described in FAR 52.212-1(g); and will evaluate each offer on the basis of the Offeror’s initial offer. Therefore, the initial offer shall contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest; accept other than the lowest offer; and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. PROPOSAL SUBMISSION

1.0 PROPOSAL CONTENT The proposal shall be separated into the following Volumes: Volume Number - Volume Title I - Technical II - Price Volume I, Technical Proposal - This Volume shall not contain any reference to price aspects of the offer. This Volume shall include all information requested in Basis for Award, “2.0 TECHNICAL.” Volume II, Price Proposal - This Volume shall include the information requested below and shall include a completed Attachment 3, CLIN structure Excel file, with total prices filled in for evaluation purposes. Offers that do not comply with the line items specified in this solicitation may be determined to be nonresponsive or unacceptable. As this is a competitive acquisition with adequate price competition anticipated, any price documentation requested shall not be certified cost or pricing data in accordance with FAR 15.406-2. However, in the event that adequate price competition does not exist after receipt of proposals, the Government reserves the right to request additional cost or pricing data as necessary from both the Offeror and subcontractors and may conduct negotiations with the Offeror, pursuant to FAR Part 15.403-4, in order to ensure a reasonable price. Further, the Offeror may be required to provide a Certificate of Current Cost or Pricing Data prior to award, pursuant to FAR 15.406-2. Offeror shall acknowledge the requirement to provide additional cost or pricing information and certify the data prior to award if/when requested by the Government. (x) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (DEVIATION 2025-O0003 and 2025-O0004) with its offer or a statement that its Representations and Certifications was completed in the System for Award Management (SAM). (xi) FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation) - Commercial Items is incorporated. (xii) Additional clauses and provisions and requirements: FAR 52.203-3 Gratuities FAR 52.203-12 Limitation on Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions FAR 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (Deviation) FAR 52.204-10 Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Deviation) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (Deviation) FAR 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications FAR 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment (Deviation) FAR 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Deviation) FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation) FAR 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Deviation) FAR 52.219-28 Post-Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation (Deviation) FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor (Deviation) FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Deviation) FAR 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Deviation) FAR 52.222-50 Combatting Trafficking in Persons (Deviation) 52.233-3 Protest after Award (Deviation) FAR 52.223-5 Pollution Prevention and Right-to-Know Information FAR 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services (DEVIATION 2025-O0004) FAR 52.225-18 Place of Manufacture FAR 52.226-8: Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving FAR 52.227-1 Authorization and Consent FAR 52.227-2 Notice and Assistance Regarding Patent and Copyright Infringement FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management FAR 52.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors FAR 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Deviation) FAR 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications (Deviation) FAR 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (Deviation) FAR 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems. (Deviation) FAR 52.246-2 Inspection Of Supplies--Fixed Price FAR 52.247-34 F.O.B. Destination FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated By Reference FAR 52.252-5 Authorized Deviations In Provisions FAR 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations In Clauses DFARS 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DFARS 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product DFARS 252.204-7009 Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information DFARS 252.204-7015 Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support DFARS 252.204-7016 Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services--Representation DFARS 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation DFARS 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services DFARS 252.204-7024: Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System DFARS 252.211-7003: Item Unique Identification and Valuation DFARS 252.211-7008 Use of Government-Assigned Serial Numbers DFARS 252.215-7008 Only One Offer DFARS 252.215-7013 Supplies and Services Provided by Nontraditional Defense Contractors DFARS 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium DFARS 252.225-7000 Buy American--Balance of Payments Program Certificate DFARS 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program DFARS 252.225-7002 Qualifying Country Sources As Subcontractors DFARS 252.225-7012 Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities DFARS 252.225-7013 Duty Free Entry DFARS 252.225-7021 Trade Agreements—Basic DFARS 252.225-7048 Export-Controlled Items DFARS 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime DFARS 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime DFARS 252.225-7059 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region DFARS 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region DFARS 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DFARS 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions DFARS 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments DFARS 252.240-7997 NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements DFARS 252.243-7001 Pricing Of Contract Modifications DFARS 252.244-7999 Subcontracts for Commercial Products or Commercial Services DFARS 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea—Basic Note: Please review the following Provision/Clause and provide acknowledgement and confirmation of understanding. This is a new requirement and is required to be documented prior to award: DFARS 252.240-7998 Prohibition on the Procurement of Covered Semiconductor Products and Services from Companies Providing Covered Semiconductor Products and Services to Huawei - Representation. (DEVIATION 2025-O0007) DFARS 252.240-7999 Prohibition on the Procurement of Covered Semiconductor Products and Services from Companies Providing Covered Semiconductor Products and Services to Huawei. (DEVIATION 2025-O0007)

2.0 PROPOSAL SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS Electronic copies of each volume shall be submitted to the points of contact listed on SAM.gov. Proposals submitted by mail or hand-carried will not be evaluated. Proposals sent through proprietary or third-party File Transfer Protocol sites or DoD SAFE will not be retrieved. It is the responsibility of the Offeror to confirm receipt of proposals. All proposals received after the exact time specified for receipt shall be treated as late submissions and will not be considered except under facts and circumstances allowed by the FAR. It is advised that all potential prime Offerors ensure the proper company points of contact are registered in the site based on their CAGE codes and have the proper roles assigned well in advance of the solicitation closing date. Clearly mark all files with the solicitation and volume number. The submission date for all Volumes of the proposal shall be no later than the date and time specified in the solicitation. It is the Offeror’s responsibility to obtain written confirmation of receipt of all electronic files of the full proposal by the Contracting Office. The Government is not obligated to search for incorrectly submitted proposals in SAM.gov. In the event that SAM.gov is not operational, experiences technical difficulties, or a Contractor is temporarily unable to access or use the system, the Contractor shall immediately notify the Contracting Officer. This Notification must occur prior to the proposal submission deadline and shall be in writing. The Offeror shall obtain written approval from the Contracting Officer to submit the proposal via an alternate method. Offerors are responsible for ensuring electronic copies are virus-free and shall run an anti-virus scan before submission. Electronic copies of each volume shall be compatible with the following software products: Adobe Acrobat Reader 11 and Microsoft Office Suite 2016. Narrative portions of the proposal shall be in Adobe Acrobat portable document file (PDF) searchable text format. The Offeror shall not embed sound or video (e.g., MPEG) files into the proposal files. The Contractor shall submit all volumes of its proposal electronically to the Points of Contact listed below under the Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division, Solicitation Number N68335-26-Q-1027. In order to compete for the requirement, a submission must be received by the date and time specified in solicitation. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS Responses shall be submitted by 10 April 2026 at 4:00 PM to Mr. Juan Carlos Belmonte, juancarlos.r.belmonte.civ@us.navy.mil and Mr. Terrence Shearer, terrence.d.shearer.civ@us.navy.mil. Please ensure both Points of Contacts are included on any correspondence. All quotations/proposals shall meet all requirements as outlined in this combined synopsis/solicitation. Only electronic proposals will be accepted by the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Juan Carlos Belmonte
  - Email: juancarlos.r.belmonte.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Terrence Shearer
  - Email: terrence.d.shearer.civ@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 3 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: 4) has been added on 3/17/2026 responding to questions from interested vendor(s).* I. Description of Requirement The Naval Air Warfare Center, Aircraft Division (NAWCAD) Lakehurst, NJ has a requirement to procure Technical Benches for the WGQ Calibration Lab for at the Fleet Readiness Center Reserve Mid Atlantic Detachment McGuire (FRCR). This procurement is required to set up a lab for the FRCR, all the equipment is required to be commercial off the shelf (COTS). The manufacturer shall provide the minimum commercial warranty for the calibration standard of at least one (1) calendar year from date of shipment. Each calibration standard shall have a sticker affixed to the outside of the unit enclosure. The Government intends to procure the above items under a total small business set aside through a Firm-Fixed Price Contract. The Period of Performance (PoP) for the resultant award shall be three hundred and sixty-five (365) days after contract award. A discretionary site visit will be offered for this requirement. Attendance is NOT a requirement for award but is highly encouraged. Any offeror attending a site visit shall do so at its own expense. The Government will not compensate or be responsible for any costs associated with a site visit. A guided site visit will be conducted on 25 March 2026 and commence at 1000 AM EST. Attendees shall contact SSgt Forrest Baker (504) 335-5920 and alternate point of contact AT1 John Deems (785) 633-9444, to confirm attendance and arrange base access and coordinate your arrival. Attendees shall confirm attendance no later than fourty-eight (48) hours prior to commencement of the site visit. Please see the following Attachments: Attachment 1 Statement of Work (SOW) Attachment 2 Lab Layout Attachment 3 Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) Structure II. Solicitation Instructions This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for Commercial items prepared in accordance with format in FAR Subpart
- Attachment 2: . Technical Acceptable/Unacceptable Ratings Rating - Description Acceptable - Proposal clearly meets the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Unacceptable - Proposal does not clearly meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Price: The Government will evaluate price for reasonableness and award will be made to the lowest price responsible Offeror that is deemed Eligible for award. For competitive evaluation purposes, the evaluated price for this procurement will be based on a sum of all CLINs. Offerors must provide pricing for all CLINs in accordance with the CLIN Structure (Attachment 3). Each Offeror’s proposal shall be evaluated to determine if it is complete. Past Performance: Evaluation of each supplier’s past performance history in the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) for the PSC of the supplies being purchased. In the case of a supplier without a record of relevant past performance history in SPRS for the PSC of the supplies being purchased, the Offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably for its past performance history. SPRS assigns each contractor a color based on the high five percent in the commodity (Dark Blue), next 10 percent (Purple), next 70 percent (Green), next 10 percent (Yellow), and last five percent (Red). Past performance, ratings are as follows: Past Performance Acceptable/Unacceptable Ratings Rating - Description Acceptable - Offeror has a rating of Dark Blue, Purple, Green or Yellow in SPRS Unacceptable - Offeror has a rating of Red in SPRS Neutral - Offeror has no rating in SPRS The Government intends to evaluate proposals and award the contract without discussions as described in FAR 52.212-1(g); and will evaluate each offer on the basis of the Offeror’s initial offer. Therefore, the initial offer shall contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest; accept other than the lowest offer; and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. PROPOSAL SUBMISSION
- Attachment 3: , CLIN structure Excel file, with total prices filled in for evaluation purposes. Offers that do not comply with the line items specified in this solicitation may be determined to be nonresponsive or unacceptable. As this is a competitive acquisition with adequate price competition anticipated, any price documentation requested shall not be certified cost or pricing data in accordance with FAR 15.406-2. However, in the event that adequate price competition does not exist after receipt of proposals, the Government reserves the right to request additional cost or pricing data as necessary from both the Offeror and subcontractors and may conduct negotiations with the Offeror, pursuant to FAR Part 15.403-4, in order to ensure a reasonable price. Further, the Offeror may be required to provide a Certificate of Current Cost or Pricing Data prior to award, pursuant to FAR 15.406-2. Offeror shall acknowledge the requirement to provide additional cost or pricing information and certify the data prior to award if/when requested by the Government. (x) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (DEVIATION 2025-O0003 and 2025-O0004) with its offer or a statement that its Representations and Certifications was completed in the System for Award Management (SAM). (xi) FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation) - Commercial Items is incorporated. (xii) Additional clauses and provisions and requirements: FAR 52.203-3 Gratuities FAR 52.203-12 Limitation on Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions FAR 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (Deviation) FAR 52.204-10 Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Deviation) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (Deviation) FAR 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications FAR 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment (Deviation) FAR 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Deviation) FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation) FAR 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Deviation) FAR 52.219-28 Post-Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation (Deviation) FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor (Deviation) FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Deviation) FAR 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Deviation) FAR 52.222-50 Combatting Trafficking in Persons (Deviation) 52.233-3 Protest after Award (Deviation) FAR 52.223-5 Pollution Prevention and Right-to-Know Information FAR 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services (DEVIATION 2025-O0004) FAR 52.225-18 Place of Manufacture FAR 52.226-8: Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving FAR 52.227-1 Authorization and Consent FAR 52.227-2 Notice and Assistance Regarding Patent and Copyright Infringement FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management FAR 52.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors FAR 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Deviation) FAR 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications (Deviation) FAR 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (Deviation) FAR 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems. (Deviation) FAR 52.246-2 Inspection Of Supplies--Fixed Price FAR 52.247-34 F.O.B. Destination FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated By Reference FAR 52.252-5 Authorized Deviations In Provisions FAR 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations In Clauses DFARS 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DFARS 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product DFARS 252.204-7009 Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information DFARS 252.204-7015 Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support DFARS 252.204-7016 Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services--Representation DFARS 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation DFARS 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services DFARS 252.204-7024: Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System DFARS 252.211-7003: Item Unique Identification and Valuation DFARS 252.211-7008 Use of Government-Assigned Serial Numbers DFARS 252.215-7008 Only One Offer DFARS 252.215-7013 Supplies and Services Provided by Nontraditional Defense Contractors DFARS 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium DFARS 252.225-7000 Buy American--Balance of Payments Program Certificate DFARS 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program DFARS 252.225-7002 Qualifying Country Sources As Subcontractors DFARS 252.225-7012 Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities DFARS 252.225-7013 Duty Free Entry DFARS 252.225-7021 Trade Agreements—Basic DFARS 252.225-7048 Export-Controlled Items DFARS 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime DFARS 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime DFARS 252.225-7059 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region DFARS 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region DFARS 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DFARS 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions DFARS 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments DFARS 252.240-7997 NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements DFARS 252.243-7001 Pricing Of Contract Modifications DFARS 252.244-7999 Subcontracts for Commercial Products or Commercial Services DFARS 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea—Basic Note: Please review the following Provision/Clause and provide acknowledgement and confirmation of understanding. This is a new requirement and is required to be documented prior to award: DFARS 252.240-7998 Prohibition on the Procurement of Covered Semiconductor Products and Services from Companies Providing Covered Semiconductor Products and Services to Huawei - Representation. (DEVIATION 2025-O0007) DFARS 252.240-7999 Prohibition on the Procurement of Covered Semiconductor Products and Services from Companies Providing Covered Semiconductor Products and Services to Huawei. (DEVIATION 2025-O0007)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a4924720efb74e29848cd38b797b7523/view)