---
layout: default
title: 13--CYLINDER BARREL AND
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: a3ef767c1f29490d9d9b8bc456b3ccc6
---

# 13--CYLINDER BARREL AND

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 18:27:42.055-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010425RNE11

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (NAVICP REVIEW FEB 1991)(FEB 1999)|1|See specifications Section C and Section E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2|TBD|TBD| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|X|||||||| TIME OF DELIVERY (JUNE 1997)|20|CLIN 0001AA|194|120 DAYS|||||||||||||||||| DESIRED AND REQUIRED TIME OF DELIVERY (JUNE 1997)|29|CLIN 0001AA|194|120 DAYS||||||||||||||||||||||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications; COMBO - Receiving Report & Invoice - Material|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|W25G1U|TBD|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|See form DD1423|| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (JUN 2020)|4||||| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|One year from date of delivery.|One year from date of delivery.||||| WARRANTY OF DATA--BASIC (MAR 2014)|2||X| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (JAN 2025)|4||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| PROGRESS PAYMENTS (NOV 2021)|4||||| REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFIED COST OR PRICING DATA AND DATA OTHER THAN CERTIFIED COST OR PRICING DATA-MODIFICATIONS (NOV 2021))|7|||||||| INCENTIVE PRICE REVISION-SUCCESSIVE TARGETS (JAN 2022)|12||||||||||||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| LIST OF AWARD ATTACHMENTS|5|||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13||X|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REPRESENTATIONS (FEB 2024)|4||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|334511|1350|||||||||||| COST ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOTICES AND CERTIFICATION (DEVIATION 2018-O0015)(MAY 2018))|1|| TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984)|1|FFP| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFIED COST OR PRICING DATA AND DATA OTHER THAN CERTIFIEDCOST OR PRICING DATA (MAY 2024))|1|| 1. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 2.If requirement is packaged at a location different from the offeror's address, the offeror shall provide the name, street address, and CAGE of the facility. 3.Any contract awarded because of this solicitation will be DO certified for national defense under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). Provision 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense, Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use, shall be inserted in solicitations when the contract to be awarded shall be a rated order. 4.If drawings are included in the solicitation, access needs to be requested on the individual solicitation page under Contract Opportunities on SAM.gov website. After requesting access, send an email to the POC listed on the solicitation. 5.NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg will be considering past performance in the evaluation of offers IAW FAR 13.106(a)(2). \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the CYLINDER BARREL AND . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DRAWING DATA=2498571 |10001| G|FN |D|0001 | G|49998|0053646 DRAWING DATA=2505444 |10001| H|FN |D|0001 | H|49998|0060019 DRAWING DATA=2507294 |10001|BD|FN |D|0001 |BD|49998|0878694 DRAWING DATA=2509092 |10001| H|FN |D|0001 | H|49998|0057993 DRAWING DATA=5205453 |53711| R|FN |D|0001 | R|49998|0256761 DRAWING DATA=5905579 |53711| C|FN |D|0001 | C|49998|0065581 DRAWING DATA=5905694 |53711| C|FN |D|0001 | C|49998|0041584 DRAWING DATA=5905694 |53711| C|FN |D|0002 | C|49998|0024152 DRAWING DATA=5905694 |53711| C|FN |D|0003 | C|49998|0015150 DRAWING DATA=5905694 |53711| C|FN |D|0004 | C|49998|0018066 DRAWING DATA=5906078 |53711| H|FN |D|0001 | H|49998|0070850 DRAWING DATA=6300561 |53711| E|FN |D|0001 | E|49998|0049200 DRAWING DATA=6300852 |53711| B|FN |D|0001 | B|49998|0019719 DRAWING DATA=6300852 |53711| B|FN |D|0002 | B|49998|0016600 DRAWING DATA=6300859 |53711| B|FN |D|0001 | B|49998|0020624 DRAWING DATA=6300859 |53711| B|FN |D|0002 | B|49998|0017972 DRAWING DATA=6300859 |53711| B|FN |D|0003 | B|49998|0014712 DRAWING DATA=6935053 |53711| D|FN |D|0001 | D|49998|0066313 DRAWING DATA=7052638 |53711| C|FN |D|0001 | C|49998|0089949 DRAWING DATA=7052732 |53711| K|FN |D|0001 | K|49998|0268366 DRAWING DATA=7052737 |53711| G|FN |D|0001 | G|49998|0147392 DRAWING DATA=7052737 |53711| D|PL |D|0001 | D|49998|0027505 DRAWING DATA=7052738 |53711| E|FN |D|0001 | E|49998|0098919 DRAWING DATA=7052738 |53711| E|FN |D|0002 | E|49998|0036928 DRAWING DATA=7052738 |53711| D|PL |D|0001 | D|49998|0007627 DRAWING DATA=7052738 |53711| D|PL |D|0002 | C|49998|0016892 DRAWING DATA=7053271 |53711| B|FN |D|0001 | B|49998|0065363 DRAWING DATA=7141755 |10001| -|SA |D|0001 | -|49998|0158529 DRAWING DATA=7141755 |10001| -|SA |D|0002 | -|49998|0149997 DRAWING DATA=7141756 |10001| -|SA |D|0001 | -|49998|0267615 DRAWING DATA=7141756 |10001| -|SA |D|0002 | -|49998|0233417 DRAWING DATA=8243296 |53711| B|FN |D|0001 | B|49998|0027351 DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |P |041029|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |010417|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The CYLINDER BARREL AND furnished under this contract/purchase order shall be the design represented by Cage Code(s) reference number(s). Cage _______ ref. no. ;53711 7052738;

3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-129; .

3.3 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the SPCC Contracting Officer has been notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, or a detailed description of the change, explaining the reason therefore. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings inthe form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE/MINOR DESIGN CHANGE - If the Manufacturer's Part Number or item design indicated thereon has changed, but form, fit and function of the item is not affected thereby, and the design change meets the criteria for minor, by not effecting form, fit, function, reliability or safety , supply the item and advise SPCC immediately of the new part number, furnishing a detail drawing and/or a detailed description of the change, as applicable. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable.

3.4 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere.

3.5 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

3.6 Serialization - The supplier shall mark a serial number on each CYLINDER BARREL AND in accordance with ;IAW DWG 7052737 Rev "G"Note 5. ELECTRO CHEMICAL ETCH, VIBRO ETCH OR ENGRAVE A GOVERNMENT SERIAL NUMBER TO EACH UNIT MANUFACTURED. SERIAL NUMBER SHALL BE OBTAINED FROM COMMANDER, NAVAL UNDERSEA WARFARE CENTER DIVISIONNEWPORT, NEWPORT, RHODE ISLAND, 02841-1708. REQUESTS CAN BE MADETO NUWC_NPT_SERIALNUMBERS@NAVY.MIL.; . Actual serial numbers will be assigned ; . 3.7 ;IAW DWG 7052738 Rev "E" Note 8. IDENTIFY WITH UID IN ACCORDANCE WITH MIL-STD-130,USE LABEL SYSTEM 7561442 OR AN EQUIVALENT. HUMAN-READABLEINFORMATION (HRI) AND MACHINE-READABLE INFORMATION (MRI)SHALL INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING: MFR (CAGE CODE) 53711AS7052738 SERNO (NUMBER SHALL BE THE SAME IN ACCORDANCE WITH NOTE 8.1)THE MRI 2D SYMBOL SIZE SHALL BE APPROXIMATELY .38 X .38 IN. MIN. LABEL SHOWN IS A7052738N APPROXIMATE SIZE. LOCATE APPROXIMATELY WHERE SHOWN.

8.1 USE SERIAL NUMBER PREVIOUSLY PROVIDED FROM DRAWING7052737. THE SIZE AND FORMAT OF THE LABEL SHALL BECONSISTENT WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF MIL-STD-130. Approximate location of the label referenced in Note 8is shown on Sheet 2 in Zone E4 of the drawing. Match marking and aligning of Cylinders and Cylinder Liners isa KEY FEATURE. The serial and cylinder number marking requirements are shown on sheet 1 in Zones B2 and B4 of the drawing. Locationof the markings is shown on sheet 1 in Zones D3/D4 and E3/E4 ofthe drawing. CYLINDER NUMBER (1 THRU 6) SERIAL NUMBER OF CYLINDER BARREL MATCH MARK (ELECTRO CHEMICAL ETCH, VIBRO ETCH OR ENGRAVE) ANDALIGN EACH CYLINDER AND CYLINDER LINER IN NUMBERED SEQUENCE AS SHOWN. CYLINDER LINER NUMBER TO BE APPROXIMATELY 90o FROM THEWATER PASSAGE SLOT IN THE SIDE OF THE LINER.; 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Quality System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain a quality system acceptable to the Government. The quality system requirements shall be in accordance with ISO 9001. 4.2.1 ;Suppliers currently using and maintaining Inspection System Requirements to MIL-I-45208 are granted permission to utilize MIL-I-45208 if desired.;

4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.4 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies.

4.5 Quality Conformance Inspection - The contractor is responsible for conducting a Quality Conformance Inspection in accordance with ;IAW DWG 5905694 Rev "C" note 5 ; , paragraph ;Note

5.1 QUALITY CONFORMANCE TESTS: THE SUPPLIER SHALL CERTIFY THAT THE PROCURED SEALS ARE FROM A BATCH OR LOT WHICH CONFORMS TO THE MATERIAL REQUIREMENTS SPECIFIED HEREON. Note

5.2 NO CHANGES IN MATERIALS OR MANUFACTURING PROCESSESS SHALLBE PERMITTED WITHOUT PRIOR NOTIFICATION AND ACCEPTANCE BY THE CUSTOMER.; and preparing an inspection report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List, DD Form 1423.

4.6 Quality Conformance Inspection - The contractor is responsible for conducting a Quality Conformance Inspection in accordance with ;IAW DWG 7053271 Rev "B"; , paragraph ;Note

8.1 QUALITY CONFORMACE TESTS: THE SUPPLIER SHALL CERTIFY THAT THEROLLER BEARING IS FROM A BATCH OR LOT WHICH CONFORMS TO REQUIREMENTSSPECIFIED HERON Note

8.2 NO CHANGES IN MATERIALS OR MANUFACTURING PROCESSESS SHALL BE PERMITTED WITHOUT PRIOR NOTIFICATION AND ACCPETANCE BY THE CUSTOMER.; and preparing an inspection report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List, DD Form 1423. 4.7 ;Certificate of Quality Compliance (COQC). Certificates of Quality Compliance for the following Cylinder Barreland Liner Assembly requirements shall be delivered to the governmentvia Contract Data Requirements List (CDRL). 1.Verification of match marking and aligning of Cylinders andCylinder Liners as required in drawing 7052738. 2.Drawing 7052732 Note 5 penetrant inspection results. Note 5. PENETRANT INSPECTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH ASTM E1209. INSPECTAFTER MACHINING BUT BEFORE ANODIZING. NO CRACKS, LAPS, LINEAR INDICATIONS,FOLDS, OR SEAMS ARE PERMITTED. 6.Verification of material Rockwell Hardness requirement in drawing5906078. ROCKWELL "C" 35-39 9.Drawing 2505444 Note 4 penetrant inspection results. Note 4. PENETRANT INSPECT IN ACCORDANCE WITH ASTM E1417. NO CRACKS,LAPS, OR LINEAR INDICATIONS PERMITTED 10.Certification that the Seals meet the material requirements ofdrawing 5905694. Note

5.1 QUALITY CONFORMANCE TESTS: THE SUPPLIER SHALL CERTIFY THAT THE PROCURED SEALS ARE FROM A BATCH OR LOT WHICH CONFORMS TO THE MATERIAL REQUIREMENTS SPECIFIED HEREON. 11.Certification that the Roller Bearings meet the requirements ofdrawing 7053271. Note

8.1 QUALITY CONFORMACE TESTS: THE SUPPLIER SHALL CERTIFY THAT THEROLLER BEARING IS FROM A BATCH OR LOT WHICH CONFORMS TO REQUIREMENTSSPECIFIED HERON; 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH.

6.2 Notice To Distributors/Offerors - Consideration for award of contract shall be given only to authorized distributors of the original manufacturer's item represented in this solicitation. If you desire to be considered as a potential source for award of this contract, proof of being an authorized distributor shall be provided on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official and sent with your offer to the Procurement Contracting Officer. 6.3 ;Note: Contracting/Buyer can find KEY FEATURES from QAP provide on S dive .S: MECH NAVICP ICPM WSS General Shares N97 General Shares N9713 Technical Torpedo (QAPs) QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS QAP Draft; 6.4 ;VENDORS TAKE NOTICE QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS (QAPs): Drawing 7052738 (Cylinder Barrel and Liner Assembly) Key Features: Notes 3,6,7,and 8. Drawing 7052737 (Cylinder Barrel Assembly) Key Features: Notes 2,3, and 5 Drawing 7052732 (Cylinder Barrel) Key Features: Notes 3,5,6,7, and 9 Drawing 6300561 (Hot Gas Insert) Key Features: Notes 1,2, and 4 Drawing 5905579 (Alternator Drive Shaft Guide) Key Features: Note 2 Drawing 5906078 (Cylinder Liner) Key Features: Note 1,3,4, and 5 Drawing 2498571 (Cylinder Washer) Key Features: Notess 1 and 3 Drawing 2505444 (Seal Housing) Key Features: Notes 1 and 4 Drawing 5905694 (C-Ring Pressure Seal - Vendor Item Control drawing) Key Features: Notes 2,3,4,5, and 6 Drawing 2509092 (Modified Hex Head Bolt) Key Features: Notes 1,2, and 7 Drawing 7053271 (Needle Roller Bearing - Vendor Item Control drawing) Key Features: Notes 2,3,5,6,7, and 8; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;Copies of the Certificate of Quality Compliance CDRLs shall bedelivered to the Engineering Support Activity, NUWC Newport: NWPT.NUWC_8554_QAPCDRL@navy.mil james.c.ferguson1.civ@us.navy.mil richard.d.penfold2.civ@us.navy.mil patrick.r.faerber.civ@us.navy.mil Recommend a Post Award Conference be conducted with the contractor/supplier to review the item Key Features. The governmentEngineering Support Activity, NUWC Newport, would like toparticipate in the conference if one is scheduled. ;

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176051552
  - Email: ZACHARY.R.MORRILL.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a3ef767c1f29490d9d9b8bc456b3ccc6/view)