---
layout: default
title: AN/BYG-1 Applications
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 66ffb780516b4429b99532fc2f63724a
---

# AN/BYG-1 Applications

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-08 14:26:32.136-04
- Solicitation Number: N0002426R6222

## Summary

INDUSTRY DAY ANNOUNCEMENT AND DRAFT SOLICITATION AVAILABILITY AN/BYG-1 APPLICATIONS The purpose of this combined announcement is to inform industry about the upcoming AN/BYG-1 Applications requirement, provide a forum for communication to gather feedback on the draft requirements, and release the Draft Solicitation and presentation slides for our Industry Day to all interested parties. The Industry Day presentation will be posted on E-TIC prior to Industry Day. This notice is issued by the Department of the Navy, Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA), on behalf of the Program Executive Office Undersea Warfare Systems, Submarine Combat and Weapons Control Program Office (PMS 425). While this notice is for informational and planning purposes only and is NOT a Request for Proposal (RFP), the Government reserves the right to issue a formal solicitation later based on the requirements discussed herein. Should a solicitation be released, it is the Government's current intent to award a contract to a single offeror. A Draft Solicitation is available to registered Electronic Technical Information Center (E-TIC) members. The information and dates in the Draft Solicitation are subject to change. The Question-and-Answer period is open with this Draft Solicitation until 14 May 2026. A matrix is also attached to assist you with submission of any questions. This Draft Solicitation is provided solely for informational and planning purposes to allow industry adequate read-ahead time due to the scope and complexity of the requirement. This notice is not a Request for Proposals (RFP), and the Government is not requesting or accepting proposals currently. There is no obligation for potential offerors to respond to this notice. Disclaimer: The Government does not intend to award a contract based on this Draft Solicitation. The Government will not reimburse any costs associated with reviewing this notice, submitting questions, providing feedback, or participating in any subsequent exchanges related to this draft. This includes, but is not limited to, costs for proposal preparation, travel, or any other expenses incurred by interested parties. An Industry Day will be held on Thursday, May 28, 2026, to discuss the requirements outlined in the draft solicitation. The event will take place at the Naval Undersea Warfare Center Newport Division in Building #80, which is located off-base at 80 Fleet Access Rd, Newport, RI 02841. Event check-in will begin at 7:30 AM EDT. The Government presentation and an open question-and-answer session are scheduled to begin at 8:00 AM EDT. Following this, individual company breakout sessions with Government representatives will be held on the 2nd floor of the same building. The overall event is scheduled to run until 3:30 PM EDT. Please be advised that the open Question & Answer session and all individual breakout sessions will be recorded by the Government. Registration and Submission of Questions Attendance at the Industry Day event is not mandatory to submit questions or comments on the draft solicitation documents. All interested parties, whether attending or not, are encouraged to provide feedback. Registration and Question Submission Instructions: To register for the Industry Day and/or submit questions, please send an email to NAVSEABYG1APP@us.navy.mil with the subject line: "AN/BYG-1 Industry Day Registration - [Your Company Name]". A Question Submission form is attached to this announcement. The body of the email must contain the following information: Company Information: Full company name and address. Attendee Details: The full name, phone number, and email address for each individual attending. Company Specific Breakout Session Request: State whether your company is requesting an individual breakout session with the Government. If so, provide two distinct email points of contact for scheduling and time slot confirmation. Time slots will begin at 9:30 AM EDT with twenty (20) minutes planned per session. The last breakout session will begin at 3:00 PM EDT. Questions for the Government: Include any initial questions you have regarding the draft solicitation documents or provide responses to the specific questions annotated in the Industry Day brief. Provide follow-up questions as they are developed. Attendance is limited to a maximum of three (3) representatives per company. Due to limited seating capacity, registration is on a first-come, first-served basis. Early registration is strongly encouraged. The registration and question deadline is 12:00 PM EDT on Tuesday, May 5, 2026. The Government will develop the schedule for individual breakout sessions and will notify each company of its allocated time slot. Participants must confirm their attendance for their assigned breakout session no later than 12:00 PM EDT on Tuesday, May 12, 2026. Failure to confirm by this deadline may result in the forfeiture of your assigned time slot. The solicitation documents and the Industry Day brief for this effort are designated as Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) and are only available via the Electronic Technical Information Center (ETIC). These documents will not be posted directly to SAM.gov. Access to these documents is restricted and requires an active user account and explicit permissions. All interested parties must adhere to the following instructions: To apply for access to the E-TIC for the AN/BYG-1 Draft Solicitation (N00024-26-R-6222) hosted by the Advanced Interactive Management Technology Center (AIMTC)/PMS 425, prospective Offerors must have either a Common Access Card (CAC) or a DoD External Certification Authority (ECA) Certification from one of the DoD Approved Vendors: WidePoint (formerly ORC) or IdenTrust, Inc. For more information pertaining to approved ECA certificates, please visit the website: https://public.cyber.mil/eca/. The prospective Offeror must be able to supply its JCP number. The Offeror’s designated JCP Data Custodian must be the one to apply for access by filling out an AIMTC Account Request form. To apply for access, please visit the AIMTC website: https://aimtc.nuwc.navy.mil. For a New AIMTC Account Requests: Please fill out the AIMTC Access Request Form (within #1). For an Existing AIMTC User: Please click on “My Profile” and update your profile. The following fields must be completed as shown: ‘Name’: Enter first name, middle initial, and last name 'Foreign National?’: Select yes or no from drop down box “Email Address’: Company email address (the use of personal email addresses are prohibited: i.e., Gmail, Yahoo, etc.) 'Branch' or 'Code' you support: NAVSEA PMS 425 'Phone Number': [Requestor's phone number] 'Navy Sponsor POC': Chris Halterman 'Navy Sponsor Code': NUWCDIVKPT C432 'Justification for your need to know': Prospective Offeror for the AN/BYG-1 Competition, JCP # ____________ (Company Specific Number) Scroll down to the bottom of the page and expand "Electronic Technical Information Center (E-TIC)" and select "ETIC for AN/BYG-1 Solicitation" as the area for which you have a 'need to know'. Read and certify the understanding of User’s Responsibilities. Click send at the bottom of the page. Upon approval by the Approving Official, your account will be created and you will be notified of your account information via email. Please note that you will not be able to access E-TIC for AN/BYG-1 until your account request is approved by the Approving Official and processed. For AIMTC account access issues, please contact the AIMTC Webmaster at NUWC_NPT_AIMTC_Webmaster@navy.mil. NOTE: If you have technical difficulties accessing E-TIC, please contact PMS 425 by writing to NAVSEABYG1APP@us.navy.mil for a potential workaround. Points of Contact: Michael Ravnitzky (Contract Specialist), michael.j.ravnitzky.civ@us.navy.mil John Butto (Procuring Contracting Officer), john.n.butto.civ@us.navy.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: MICHAEL RAVNITZKY
  - Email: michael.j.ravnitzky.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 202-781-3192
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew Hedrick
  - Email: matthew.c.hedrick.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 202-781-4265

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/66ffb780516b4429b99532fc2f63724a/view)