---
layout: default
title: Service and Maintenance on 5 Liconic CO2 incubators
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 02c1cdea910d4213b660f1628896844e
---

# Service and Maintenance on 5 Liconic CO2 incubators

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 12:57:33.83-04
- Solicitation Number: 75N98026Q00192

## Summary

PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE – Notice of Intent to Sole Source 1. SOLICITATION NUMBER: 75N98026Q00192 2. TITLE: Service and Maintenance on 5 Liconic CO2 incubators 3. RESPONSE DATE: April 19, 2026, at 1:00 P.M. EDT 4. PRIMARY POINT OF CONTACT: John Johnson johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov 667-312-5580 INTRODUCTION: THIS IS A PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE (NOTICE OF INTENT) SYNOPSIS TO AWARD A CONTRACT WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME). The National Institute on Aging (NIA), intends to negotiate and award a purchase order without providing for full and open competition to Liconic Corporation. The purpose of this acquisition will be to provide the National Institute on Aging (NIA) with maintenance for five (5) CO2 incubators manufactured by Liconic Corporation. This equipment is used by the Center for Alzheimer’s and Related Dementias and requires maintenance to ensure continued full function and continuity of NIA research data. II. NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE and SET ASIDE STATUS NAICS code 811210 – Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance with a business size standard classification of $34 M. This acquisition is NOT set aside for small businesses. III. REGULATORY AUTHORITY Simplified Procedures for Certain Commercial Items and FAR subpart 12—Acquisition of Commercial Items at an amount exceeding the SAT, and not exceeding $7 million. IV. STATUTORY AUTHORITY Simplified Procedures for Certain Commercial Items and the statutory authority of [specify the applicable authority: (1) FAR 6.302-1—Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements 41 U.S.C. 3304 (a)(1). V. DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT: A. PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this requirement is to procure repair and maintenance service for five (5) CO2 incubators. The National Institute on Aging (NIA) owns 5 (5) CO2 incubators manufactured by Liconic Corporation. This equipment is used by the Center for Alzheimer’s and Related Dementias and requires maintenance to ensure continued full function and continuity of NIA research data. B. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: NIA anticipates a fixed price purchase order. The estimated period of performance shall be as follows: One year from the date of the award. C. PROJECT REQUIREMENTS: The Contractor shall provide the NIA with maintenance and repair support for the following: Liconic Instruments: STX44 serial no. 6379 STX140 serial no. 6679 STX140 serial no. 6680 STX140 serial no. 6974 STX140 serial no. 6973 Maintenance and repair support shall include all labor, travel, and replacement parts necessary to provide preventative maintenance support, install new instrument software upgrades, install new firmware upgrades, in-house staff training, and troubleshoot problems. Replacement parts and software upgrades provided must be Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) certified. Only original manufacturer certified trained technicians from Liconic must be used to troubleshoot problems, install new software upgrades, install firmware upgrades, provide in house staff training, and perform preventative maintenance tasks and repairs. Certified Liconic technican must provide same day phone response for instrument diagnosis. Certified Liconic technican must provide next day service response. . SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS: LEVEL OF EFFORT: Liconic service technician 3 hours for annual maintenance on the five (5) CO2 incubators GOVERNMENT RESPONSIBILITIES When the Contractor is on-site for maintenance and repair support provision, The government will provide workspace, desktop computers and telephones for the Liconic coporation service technician. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS The contractor shall provide written reports which detail all repair and annual maintenance on the five (5) CO2 incubators. VI. CONTRACTING WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME) DETERMINATION The determination by the Government to award a contract without providing for full and open competition is based upon the market research conducted. Specifically, Liconic Corporation is the only vendor in the marketplace that can provide the services required by NIA. The equipment is proprietary to its manufacturer, Liconic Corporation and this company is the sole provider of maintenance for this equipment. In accordance with FAR part 10, extensive market research was conducted to reach this determination. Additionally, contacts with knowledgeable individuals both in industry and Government, as well as reviews of available product literature, revealed no other sources. Finally, a review of the GSA Advantage, Dynamic Small Business Search, and previous government acquisitions returned no results that meet all of the requirements. Therefore, only Licnonic. is capable of meeting the needs of this requirement. The intended source is: Liconic US, Inc. 73 Concord Street North Reading MA 01864 United States Tel: 781-537-6172 VII. CLOSING STATEMENT THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE PROPOSALS. However, interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to this notice. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency. The information received will normally be considered solely for the purposes of determining whether to proceed on a non-competitive basis or to conduct a competitive procurement. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. Responses to this notice shall contain sufficient information to establish the interested parties' bona-fide capabilities for fulfilling the requirement and include: unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, the delivery period after contract award, the prompt payment discount terms, the F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), the Dun & Bradstreet Number (DUNS), the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. All responses must be received by the closing date and time of this announcement and must reference the solicitation number, 75N98026Q00192. Responses must be submitted electronically to John Johnson, Contract Specialist, johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov .

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: john johnson
  - Email: johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov
  - Phone: 6673125580

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/02c1cdea910d4213b660f1628896844e/view)