---
layout: default
title: VRAT Terrain IDIQ
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 04ece5659df5436b99e378d8aa0b2a2b
---

# VRAT Terrain IDIQ

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 12:08:51.218-04
- Solicitation Number: FA822226QB006

## Summary

CONTRACTING OFFICER NOTE: HELLO ALL - I AM AWARE THE PDF AND WORD VERSIONS OF THE REQUIREMENT DOCUMENT ARE NOT FUNCTIONING. I HAVE PROVIDED THE TEXT WITHIN THE DOCUMENT AT THE BOTTOM OF THIS TEXT BOX. PLEASE EMAIL ME AT AUDREY.ARMSTRONG.4@US.AF.MIL TO RECIEVE A COPY OF THIS DOCUMENT VIA EMAIL OR DOD SAFE IF YOU ARE UNABLE TO OPEN BOTH OF THESE DOCUMENTS, AS TABLES OR IMAGES MAY NOT DISPLAY CORRECTLY HERE. I APOLGIZE FOR THE INCONVENIENCE. This is a requirement for VTRAT Terrain from BlackShark AI for simulation mapping with Unreal Engine integration for the 309th Software Directorate. PLEASE VIEW THE SOLICITATION DOCUMENT FOR MORE DETAILS. All questions or comments must be sent to AUDREY ARMSTRONG at audrey.armstrong.4@us.af.mil, NLT 1000 MT, 31 Offers are due by 1000 MT viaelectronic mail to udrey.armstrong.4@us.af.milMarch 2026. 9 April 2026 a For additional information regarding the solicitation contact AUDREY ARMSTRONG at audrey.armstrong.4@us.af.mil Notice to Offerors: The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed Price contract for this requirement. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date.In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs. (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: (i) price; (ii) technical capability of the item offered to meet the Government requirement; Based on the quote, the offerors need to meet the requirements on the product description found in the Solicitation. (b) Evaluation is on Lowest Price Technically Acceptable(LPTA) basis. All offers will be evaluated on their proposed Total Price. The contract will be awarded to the company with lowest price, which also fully meets all specifications.. Only the lowest priced proposal will be evaluated for technical acceptability (to be based on the specifications). The next lowest offer will only be evaluated if the aforementioned offer is not found technically acceptable (and so on). Only one award will be made under this solicitation.Award will be conducted under the provisions of FAR Part 12, Commercial Items, and FAR 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures. Submit only written offers; oral offers will not be accepted. All firms or individuals responding must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer's specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. PURCHASE DESCRIPTION: VISUAL THREAT RECOGNITION AND AVOIDANCE TRAINER (VTRAT) DESCRIPTION The purpose of this contracting action is to research potential vendors to establish a 5-year, Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract for Blackshark.ai flight simulator terrain files and associated software licenses. The VTRAT program is currently engaged in the redevelopment of its outdated graphic system for the VTRAT flight simulators used to train aircrew to visually identify and recognize aircraft threats in a multi-domain simulator environment. This initiative will incorporate the use of Epic Games Unreal Engine platform, enabling the creation of more realistic terrain representations for various real-world locations. Additionally, VTRAT requires a global earth terrain and varying resolutions enabling the creation of a more realistic terrain representations for various real-world locations. By implementing this enhanced graphical capability, aircrews will benefit from the opportunity to train within a geographic environment that closely resembles the locations they will be operating in once deployed. This advancement is crucial for ensuring readiness and operational effectiveness in real-world scenarios. SCOPE Under an IDIQ contract vehicle, Blackshark.ai will be capable of providing their commercial product licensing for the REPLIKA™ Globe Software Development Kit with the Unreal Engine Plugin, SYNTH3D™ Simulation Runtime licenses and low- and high- resolution SYNTH3D™ global terrain as requested in subsequent task orders purchased against the IDIQ once established. SOFTWARE LICENSES SUMMARY The following table lists the software licenses that shall be included within the scope of the IDIQ contract once awarded. SKU Licensed Software Description Terms SDK-01 REPLIKA Globe Software Development Kit w/Unreal Engine Plugin Annual Subscription Runtime Lic Blackshark.ai SYNTH3D Simulator Runtime License Permanent License Low Res Globe Blackshark.ai Synthetic 3D Low Resolution Globe Permanent License SYNTH3D HR Content Blackshark.ai SYNTH3D High Resolution 3D Content 2000 km² REPLIKA™ Software Description REPLIKA™ is a commercially offered software development environment containing a comprehensive suite of tools, textures, libraries, documentation, and code samples. REPLIKA™ provides developers with user interface-based tools and resources to create, configure, and integrate 3D visualizations of the Earth for use in applications involving dome setups, virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), or 3D mapping. It leverages high- resolution raster and vectorized geospatial content and advanced generative and procedural algorithms to render realistic landscapes and environments in real-time 3D rendering applications. Based on geospatial input data, REPLIKA™ can generate the whole Earth as WGS84 georeferenced 3D terrain in double precision. REPLIKA™ is particularly useful for development of applications in gaming, simulation, urban planning, and other fields that require geographic 3D representations for high fidelity rendering. REPLIKA™ provides core software components for geospatial data creation, ingestion and use. Once geospatial data is ingested within the development environment, the SDK provides. the developer with the ability to configure and manage each geospatial data layer component to control how this data will render the 3D scene application output. REPLIKA™ contains many modules to support configuration and use of the geospatial content layers for end user applications. REPLIKA Component Use Description Terrain Generation Provides configuration of global scale raster and vector sources and associated level of detail parameters to generate the 3D terrain layer for the rendering pipeline. LOD Management Provides configuration of Level of Detail settings for the generation of features and content for the rendering pipeline. Procedural Grammar Generator Provides geometry and texture generation for the creation of 3D features such as AI extracted buildings. This component uses Blackshark.ai's global and regionally based building definition library and textures to create LOD geometry and textures for all 3D scene feature content such as building models and powerlines. Synthetic Texturing Provides configuration of synthetic terrain texturing or shaders of feature content for the rendering pipeline. Data integration Seamless geo-positioning and integration of 3rd party data and objects such as landmarks or hand-modelled 3D buildings. Material Attribution Exposure of material attribution for the 3D terrain to be used for sensor simulation use cases. 3D Viewer Graphics viewer of all 3D geospatial data layers and allows the user to render the 3D content in different modes during development. Connectors and Exporters Software plugins and scripts allow the configured geospatial data to be used by end use applications. Documentation User and developer documentation including API reference, code samples, tutorials, architecture descriptions, and reference materials. SYNTH3D™ Simulator Runtime License Description The SYNTH3D™ Simulator Runtime License is an end user license that authorizes simulation runtime use of the synthetic 3D content integrated via REPLIKA™ in a customer's developed application for simulation or visualization. The runtime license authorizes runtime simulator use of the geospatial source data used for 3D environments. Typically, there is one runtime license required per use instance of configured SYNTH3D™ content in a customer simulator application. SYNTH3D™ TERRAIN PACKAGES SUMMARY The following table illustrates the anticipated terrain package breakdown that shall be individually priced for the purpose of the IDIQ. SKU AOI Size Tiers (km2) Cumulative AOI Size (km2) S3D-GPP-P-XS 1.000 (min) 2,000 S3D-GPP-P-S Next 98.000 100,000 S3D-GPP-P-M Next 400,000 500,000 S3D-GPP-P-L Next 1,500,000 2,000,000 S3D-GPP-P-XL >2,000,000 Infinite SYNTH3D™ is the Blackshark.ai commercial product for the synthetic 3D geospatial data layers that comprise the rendered 3D geospatial Earth environmental data in visual or simulation applications. This geospatial data consists of several layers of geospatial data files to include digital elevation, 50-centimeter MAXAR VIVID™ high resolution color corrected satellite imagery, land use material raster images, 3D models, textures, lighting, and correlated vector content extracted by Blackshark.ai solutions. SYNTH3D™is provided at either the 50cm high resolution inset by the square kilometer or a full low-resolution globe at 10m image resolution. Blackshark.ai offers SYNTH3D™ globally via an “on-demand” order or request from Blackshark.ai customers. Typically, customers provide blackshark.ai with geographic polygons in the form of a kml or kmz file format of a high-resolution area of interest and associated boundaries. Once the order is received, Blackshark.ai processes the source on demand and delivers the 3D SYNTH3D™ data electronically to the end user customer for on premise use within customer applications. SYNTH3D Level Use Description Data layers and Resolutions SYNTH3D™ High Resolution Area of Interest (AOI) High LOD AAA image quality of exterior structures, vegetation, waterways, bridges. 50cm color imagery 30m digital elevation 3m raster materials for land use, land cover Blackshark.ai extracted features for buildings, roadways, and vegetation Lighting May contain airport facilities if ordered SYNTH3D™ Low resolution Globe Low LOD imagery and terrain This area would be used for horizon level rendering of any scene surrounding the immediate high-resolution areas. 10m Imagery 10m raster material 10-meter night images 90m DEM ORDERING PERIOD The ordering period shall be for five (5) years After Receipt of Order (ARO). PROGRAM MANAGEMENT Data Rights Management Blackshark.ai will adhere to FAR and DFAR clauses governing data rights under an IDIQ contract for purchase of commercial computer software and license products. The Blackshark.ai software and related documentation are considered "Commercial Items". The Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation would be licensed to the customer as (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the provisions set out in the Blackshark.ai End User License Agreement. Intellectual Property Blackshark.ai will retain intellectual property rights to its commercial software products deemed "Commercial Items" offered under a proposed IDIQ contract vehicle.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Audrey Lee
  - Email: audrey.ARMSTRONG.4@US.AF.MIL
  - Phone: 8017777323

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/04ece5659df5436b99e378d8aa0b2a2b/view)