---
layout: default
title: Transplant Post-Discharge Lodging for NCI Research Participants
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 0244489dcfb64ac4b3fa980025daeb47
---

# Transplant Post-Discharge Lodging for NCI Research Participants

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 08:20:08.563-04
- Solicitation Number: 75N98026Q00097

## Summary

Amendment 2 - Revised SOW - Refer to

3.0 Scope for added requirement (Highlighted) and responses to questions received Amendment: Extend to 3/24/26 - 4PM COMBINED SYNOPSIS / SOLICITATION (NON-COMPETITIVE) Title: Transplant Post-Discharge Lodging for NCI Research Participants (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is 75N98026Q00097 is issued as a insert request for quotation (RFQ). This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) are not applicable to this requirement. THIS IS A NON-COMPETITIVE (NOTICE OF INTENT) COMBINED SYNOPSIS SOLICITATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT OR PURCHASE ORDER WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME). The Office of Mission Acquisition Solutions (OMAS), Office of Acquisition (OA), on behalf of the National Cancer Institute (NCI), intends to negotiate and award a contract without providing for full and open competition (including brand-name) to Friends of Patients at the NIH – 9000 Rockville Pike. Bldg. 10 # 7-5521. Bethesda, MD 20892 for Transplant Post-Discharge Lodging for NCI Research Participants. This acquisition is conducted as non-competitive for a commercial product or commercial service and is conducted pursuant to FAR 12.201-1, Simplified Procedures in accordance with 41 U.S.C. 1901. (ii) This requirement is for the following services: Patients in clinical trials that require a bone marrow transplant, who travel from around the nation and the world-at-large to receive treatment, remaining in the Bethesda, Maryland, area is best-advised for their safety during this time. In the case of bone marrow transplantation, the participant’s condition due to their clinical response to required immune system conditioning can mean the timing for their transplantation is incredibly delicate and may need to be delayed for weeks or months at a time requiring their condition be managed closely. See attachment 1. Statement of Work (SOW) (iii) Description of requirement: The mission of The NCI Center for Cancer Research is to improve the lives of cancer patients by solving important, challenging and neglected problems in cancer research and patient care. The CCR is home to an extraordinary group of scientists and clinicians exploring the cutting-edge of cancer and HIV/AIDS research. The unique clinical care needs presented by NCI transplant patients and the protocol requirement to stay locally to NIH during the 100-day post-transplant evaluation period, only one source will be solicited. The unique relationship between the Friends of Patients at the NIH, aligned with the availability of the lodging, close proximity to the NIH Clinical Center. See attachment 1. Statement of Work for reporting requirements. (iii) The Government anticipates award of a firm fixed-price purchase order for this acquisition, and the anticipated period of performance is from 04/01/2026 through 03/31/2027. (v) The provisions at FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), applies to this acquisition. This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this address: https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul https://www.hhs.gov/contract-policies-regulations/hhsar-overhaul (End of provision) a) The following FAR provisions are required by FAR 12.2025(a), and incorporated by reference: • FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. b) The following FAR provisions are required as applicable to this requirement and incorporated by reference: • 52.204-7 System for Award Management • 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor See Attachment 3. Table 12-3 for applicable clauses as prescribed.. c) The following HHSAR provisions are applicable to this requirement and incorporated by reference: • 352.232-71 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (vi) The clauses at FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), applies to this acquisition. This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address: https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul https://www.hhs.gov/contract-policies-regulations/hhsar-overhaul (End of clause) a) The following FAR clauses are required by FAR 12.205(b)(1) for all solicitations and incorporated by reference: • FAR 52.212-4, Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. b) The following FAR clauses are required as applicable to this requirement and incorporated by reference: See Attachment 3. Table 12-3 for applicable clauses as prescribed. EVALUATION The provision of the FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION) (RFO AUG 2025), applies to this acquisition. (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the Offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: • Technical Capability • Past Performance • Price (b) Options (if applicable). The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) The following invoice instruction is included and will be incorporated in the final award: • Agency Invoicing Instructions (Attachment 2. NIH Invoice and Payment Provisions with IPP (March 2023). (vii) Responses must be received by 11:00 A.M. Eastern Time, on March 23, 2026, and reference Solicitation Number 75N98026Q00097 to Claudia Ventola, Contract Specialist at Claudia.ventola@hhs.gov. A determination by the Government whether to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will be considered to determine whether to proceed on a non-competitive basis as indicated above, or to conduct competitive procurement. (viii) The following additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions as determined by the contracting officer are necessary for this acquisition and consistent with customary commercial practices. The associated NAICS code 814110 – Private Households and the small business size standard is $8.0M. FAR DEVIATION STATEMENT: “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in this solicitation. Contracting officers will rely on representations from offers based on provisions in the solicitation. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.” Responses to this solicitation must include clear and convincing evidence of the offeror’s capability of fulfilling the requirement as it relates to the technical evaluation criteria. The price proposal/quote must include the labor categories, an estimate of the number of hours required for each labor category, fully loaded fixed hourly rate or each labor category, breakdown and rationale for other direct costs or materials, and the total amount The Unique Entity ID (UEI) from SAM.gov, the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size must be included in the response. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Claudia Ventola
  - Email: claudia.ventola@hhs.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . Statement of Work (SOW) (iii) Description of requirement: The mission of The NCI Center for Cancer Research is to improve the lives of cancer patients by solving important, challenging and neglected problems in cancer research and patient care. The CCR is home to an extraordinary group of scientists and clinicians exploring the cutting-edge of cancer and HIV/AIDS research. The unique clinical care needs presented by NCI transplant patients and the protocol requirement to stay locally to NIH during the 100-day post-transplant evaluation period, only one source will be solicited. The unique relationship between the Friends of Patients at the NIH, aligned with the availability of the lodging, close proximity to the NIH Clinical Center. See attachment 1. Statement of Work for reporting requirements. (iii) The Government anticipates award of a firm fixed-price purchase order for this acquisition, and the anticipated period of performance is from 04/01/2026 through 03/31/2027. (v) The provisions at FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), applies to this acquisition. This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this address: https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul https://www.hhs.gov/contract-policies-regulations/hhsar-overhaul (End of provision) a) The following FAR provisions are required by FAR 12.2025(a), and incorporated by reference: • FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. b) The following FAR provisions are required as applicable to this requirement and incorporated by reference: • 52.204-7 System for Award Management • 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor See Attachment 3. Table 12-3 for applicable clauses as prescribed.. c) The following HHSAR provisions are applicable to this requirement and incorporated by reference: • 352.232-71 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (vi) The clauses at FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), applies to this acquisition. This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address: https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul https://www.hhs.gov/contract-policies-regulations/hhsar-overhaul (End of clause) a) The following FAR clauses are required by FAR 12.205(b)(1) for all solicitations and incorporated by reference: • FAR 52.212-4, Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. b) The following FAR clauses are required as applicable to this requirement and incorporated by reference: See Attachment 3. Table 12-3 for applicable clauses as prescribed. EVALUATION The provision of the FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION) (RFO AUG 2025), applies to this acquisition. (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the Offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: • Technical Capability • Past Performance • Price (b) Options (if applicable). The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) The following invoice instruction is included and will be incorporated in the final award: • Agency Invoicing Instructions (Attachment 2. NIH Invoice and Payment Provisions with IPP (March 2023). (vii) Responses must be received by 11:00 A.M. Eastern Time, on March 23, 2026, and reference Solicitation Number 75N98026Q00097 to Claudia Ventola, Contract Specialist at Claudia.ventola@hhs.gov. A determination by the Government whether to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will be considered to determine whether to proceed on a non-competitive basis as indicated above, or to conduct competitive procurement. (viii) The following additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions as determined by the contracting officer are necessary for this acquisition and consistent with customary commercial practices. The associated NAICS code 814110 – Private Households and the small business size standard is $8.0M. FAR DEVIATION STATEMENT: “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in this solicitation. Contracting officers will rely on representations from offers based on provisions in the solicitation. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.” Responses to this solicitation must include clear and convincing evidence of the offeror’s capability of fulfilling the requirement as it relates to the technical evaluation criteria. The price proposal/quote must include the labor categories, an estimate of the number of hours required for each labor category, fully loaded fixed hourly rate or each labor category, breakdown and rationale for other direct costs or materials, and the total amount The Unique Entity ID (UEI) from SAM.gov, the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size must be included in the response. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0244489dcfb64ac4b3fa980025daeb47/view)