---
layout: default
title: Combined Synopsis Solicitation - W912DY-26-Q-A043 - Stuttgart Multi. Fac. CG Appliances
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: c376c183f5464623ba39032df0e6e589
---

# Combined Synopsis Solicitation - W912DY-26-Q-A043 - Stuttgart Multi. Fac. CG Appliances

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 14:53:10.202-04
- Solicitation Number: W912DY-26-Q-A043

## Summary

Greetings from the Corps of Engineers, Huntsville Center, Furniture Team. Please find the attached Request for Quote (RFQ) # W912DY-26-Q-A043, to procure appliances for Stuttgart Multi bldg. This RFQ includes an Excel version of Attachment #1, and a Word version of Attachment #7. QUOTES SHALL BE SUBMITTED ACCORDING TO THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURES NO LATER THAN 2:00PM CST, 07 April 2026. This closing date/time is mandatory. Please submit quotes valid for 120 days. PLEASE SUBMIT QUESTIONS in email NLT 2:00PM CDT, 23 March 2026 to christopher.griffin@usace.army.mil . To help you submit a complete quote for consideration, please follow all of the steps below: 1. Quotes shall be submitted via the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website by the closing date and time (please see attached). 2. Quotes shall include no less than the following documents: A. RFQ, and amendments (if applicable) B. Excel version of Attachment 1 C. Word version of Attachment 7 3. The subject line of submitted quotes shall include: A. Company name B. RFQ number C. Project name & building(s) D. Number of emails Example: GreatFurniture_W912DY-18-T-0140_Ft. Bragg_Bldg 1500_Doc 1 of 5 4. Complete the RFQ, Item No. (CLINS) with Unit Prices and the Extended Amounts. Pricing on RFQ must match pricing on Attachment 1. 5. Complete the Instructions To Quoters section to show installation start and completion dates. 6. Complete the Instructions To Quoters section with your company Tax ID #, Cage Code, UEI, and Point-of-Contact information. 7. Submit a Technical Data Sheet (spec sheet / cut sheet) for each item in your quote. Make clear on the Technical Data Sheet which line item is being met. 8. Submit Technical Data Sheets that are organized and sequential as described in the RFQ, Instructions To Quoters section. 9. Pre-award questions shall be directed to the Contract Specialist. The contractor shall not discuss any aspect of the procurement, to include asking questions, with the onsite Technical Representative (TR) prior to contract award. 10. It is required that Contractors use the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE). A vendor portal for solicitations was introduced as an enterprise-level service for the Department of Defense (DoD) within the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) platform. This capability allows DoD to have a more automated and secure process for capturing solicitations and their attachments and responses from industry. To obtain additional information please visit: https://piee.eb.mil/xhtml/unauth/web/homepage/vendorGettingStartedHelp.xhtml i. PIEE Size Limit. Each uploaded attachment can be up to 1.9 gigabytes (GB) in size. The application supports different file extensions. ii. Notifications when an amendment to the solicitation is posted: Within a solicitation, click the checkbox next to ‘Please notify me of amendments to this solicitation’ on the top left corner of the screen. You will receive email and system notification when an amendment is posted. iii. Upload Multiple Documents in PIEE, multiple attachments may be uploaded at one time. After you click ‘Choose File,’ highlight all the files you want to upload and click ‘Open.’ If the total size of all the attachments exceeds 1.9GB (see 4.A above), upload the multiple attachments in batches that keeps each batch under the 1.9GB limit. Please contact your company’s Account Administrator for any account related issues. If you are experiencing technical problems with Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment, please contact the DISA DECC Ogden Electronic Business Service Desk at link below: https://piee.eb.mil/xhtml/unauth/web/homepage/vendorCustomerSupport.xhtml We would like our RFQ process to be clear and helpful. If you have suggestions, please bring them to our attention. The responsibility of providing a complete, accurate, and timely quote is yours. These instructions should help to make your quote complete.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Christopher Griffin
  - Email: christopher.griffin@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2568951834
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Teddy Hayes
  - Email: teddy.hayes@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2568951095

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: C. Word version of Attachment 7 3. The subject line of submitted quotes shall include: A. Company name B. RFQ number C. Project name & building(s) D. Number of emails Example: GreatFurniture_W912DY-18-T-0140_Ft. Bragg_Bldg 1500_Doc 1 of 5 4. Complete the RFQ, Item No. (CLINS) with Unit Prices and the Extended Amounts. Pricing on RFQ must match pricing on Attachment 1. 5. Complete the Instructions To Quoters section to show installation start and completion dates. 6. Complete the Instructions To Quoters section with your company Tax ID #, Cage Code, UEI, and Point-of-Contact information. 7. Submit a Technical Data Sheet (spec sheet / cut sheet) for each item in your quote. Make clear on the Technical Data Sheet which line item is being met. 8. Submit Technical Data Sheets that are organized and sequential as described in the RFQ, Instructions To Quoters section. 9. Pre-award questions shall be directed to the Contract Specialist. The contractor shall not discuss any aspect of the procurement, to include asking questions, with the onsite Technical Representative (TR) prior to contract award. 10. It is required that Contractors use the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE). A vendor portal for solicitations was introduced as an enterprise-level service for the Department of Defense (DoD) within the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) platform. This capability allows DoD to have a more automated and secure process for capturing solicitations and their attachments and responses from industry. To obtain additional information please visit: https://piee.eb.mil/xhtml/unauth/web/homepage/vendorGettingStartedHelp.xhtml i. PIEE Size Limit. Each uploaded attachment can be up to 1.9 gigabytes (GB) in size. The application supports different file extensions. ii. Notifications when an amendment to the solicitation is posted: Within a solicitation, click the checkbox next to ‘Please notify me of amendments to this solicitation’ on the top left corner of the screen. You will receive email and system notification when an amendment is posted. iii. Upload Multiple Documents in PIEE, multiple attachments may be uploaded at one time. After you click ‘Choose File,’ highlight all the files you want to upload and click ‘Open.’ If the total size of all the attachments exceeds 1.9GB (see 4.A above), upload the multiple attachments in batches that keeps each batch under the 1.9GB limit. Please contact your company’s Account Administrator for any account related issues. If you are experiencing technical problems with Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment, please contact the DISA DECC Ogden Electronic Business Service Desk at link below: https://piee.eb.mil/xhtml/unauth/web/homepage/vendorCustomerSupport.xhtml We would like our RFQ process to be clear and helpful. If you have suggestions, please bring them to our attention. The responsibility of providing a complete, accurate, and timely quote is yours. These instructions should help to make your quote complete

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c376c183f5464623ba39032df0e6e589/view)