---
layout: default
title: 6515--Brand-Name or Equal: MagPro R30 Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Equipment
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 3d1ea4ec50f34b18bc6379a78221cd93
---

# 6515--Brand-Name or Equal: MagPro R30 Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Equipment

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-09 16:12:10.632-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26126Q0590
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Subject: Sources Sought, Brand-Name or Equal: MagPro R30 Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Equipment for the VA Southern Nevada Health Care System (VASNHCS) located at 6900 North Pecos Road, Las Vegas, NV 89086. The purpose of this sources sought is to conduct market research to support the procurement of Brand-Name or Equal: MagPro R30 Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Equipment for the VA Southern Nevada Health Care System. This notice serves to survey the market in an attempt to ascertain whether or not sources are capable of providing the requested supplies and services. This notice allows potential vendors to submit a non-binding statement of interest and documentation demonstrating their capability. The sources sought effort is intended to assess industry capabilities and develop/support the intended direction of acquisition planning. The Network Contracting Office (NCO 21) is requesting responses from qualified business concerns; the qualifying NAICS code for this effort is 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing. This sources sought is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classifications (Service Disabled/Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB/VOSB), Hub zone, 8(a), small, small disadvantaged, woman owned small business, or large business) relative to NAICS 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing. Responses to this notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this notice, a solicitation announcement may be published. Responses to this notice are not considered adequate responses to any corresponding solicitation announcement. All interested offerors will have to respond to the solicitation announcement in addition to responding to this notice. Background: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), VASNHCS has a requirement for Brand-Name or Equal: MagPro R30 Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Equipment. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulates medical devices sold in the United States to assure their safety and effectiveness. Items purchased for use at the Department of Veterans Affairs must be FDA approved. Offered products must be FDA approved to treat depressive disorder, smoking cessation, chronic pain, and obsessive-compulsive disorder at a minimum. This Procurement is subject to the Buy American Act. Please state the country of origin in all responses. Please be advised that, should a solicitation announcement be published, an Authorized Distributor Letter from the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) will be required, unless you are the OEM. ITEM INFORMATION All Items are Brand-Name or Equal ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT 0001

1.00 Ea MagPro R30 (with embedded Bi-Phasic Burst Capability) Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-29-2026 POP End: 08-27-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 9016E0721 0002

1.00 Ea Coil Cool-B70 Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-29-2026 POP End: 08-27-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 9016E0521 0003

1.00 Ea Coil Cooler for Cool Coils Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-29-2026 POP End: 08-27-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 9016B0151 0004

1.00 Ea Coil C-B70 (MT / motor mapping coil) Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-29-2026 POP End: 08-27-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 9016E0141 0005

1.00 Ea XH Trolley for MagPro & coil holder accessories Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-29-2026 POP End: 08-27-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 9016B0712 Â 0006

1.00 Ea Flow Arm (for more effortless Coil positioning) Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-29-2026 POP End: 08-27-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 9016B0801 0007

1.00 Ea Motorized Procedure Chair (with neckrest and cloth cover) Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-29-2026 POP End: 08-27-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 9016B0081 0008

1.00 Ea Head Stabilizer System (Vac-Lock Pillow and Evacuation Pump) Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-29-2026 POP End: 08-27-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 9016B0253 0009

1.00 Ea Isolation Transformer MagPro X/R System Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-29-2026 POP End: 08-27-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 9016D0031 0010

1.00 LT Textile Caps: 10 pcs each: XS, S, M, L and XL Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-29-2026 POP End: 08-27-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 9016B0601 0011

1.00 LT Pillow cases - 70cm ( pack of 5 pcs.) Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-29-2026 POP End: 08-27-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 9016B0671 0012

1.00 JB Shipping and Handling Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-29-2026 POP End: 08-27-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): N/A 0013

1.00 JB Installation and Training Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-29-2026 POP End: 08-27-2026 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334510 Electromedical and Electrotherapeutic Apparatus Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): N/A Instructions: Submit a brief description, two-three (2-3) pages (including cover letter) that demonstrates how your company can provide the requested supplies and services that are required. Include past experience in providing this system to the VA, other Government (Federal or State) agency, or for a private facility. Please specify your availability and your address. PLEASE INDICATE WHETHER YOU HOLD A GSA FEDERAL-SUPPLY SCHEDULE CONTRACT THAT COVERS THESE SERVICES AND, IF SO, THE CONTRACT NUMBER. Provide BUSINESS SIZE AND SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS; (a) Indicate whether your business is large or small (b) If small, indicate if your firm qualifies as a small, emerging business, or small disadvantages business (c) If disadvantages, specify under which disadvantaged group and if your firm is certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act (d) Indicate if your firm is a certified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) or Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) (g) Include the UEI number of your firm. (h) State whether your firm is registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) and/or the SBA s Dynamic Small Business Search (DSBS) Registry at the SBA s Small Business Search Website. If not, please NOTE that any future solicitation could only be awarded to a contractor who is registered in SAM and to receive award based on VOSB or SDVOSB status you must be registered in the SBA DSBS Registry (i) provide current commercial pricing and any applicable discounts. (j) link to the respondent s General Services Administration (GSA) schedule, or attached file of same, if applicable (k) citation of any current or past customers (i.e., within the past two (2) years) to include contract number, point of contact telephone number or e-mail address; and (l) other material relevant to establishing core competencies of the firm. Response is due by 10:00 AM Mountain Time, Friday, April 24, 2026. Please submit e-mail responses to Mrs. Tawnya Krommenhoek, Contracting Officer (tawnya.krommenhoek@va.gov). Your response should include a STATEMENT OF CAPABLILITY, GSA SCHEDULE INFORMATION, UEI#, BUSINESS SIZE, AND SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS information as explained above. Please place Attention: VASNHCS Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Equipment in the subject line of your email. This notice is to assist the VA in determining sources only, questions will not be received at this time. NOTES: Issuance of this notice does not constitute any obligation whatsoever on the part of the Government to procure these supplies and/or services, or to issue a solicitation, nor to notify respondents of the results of this notice. No solicitation documents exist at this time; however, in the event the acquisition strategy demonstrates that GSA is a viable option for procuring a solution, the subsequent RFQ shall be posted to GSA eBuy where only those firms who currently hold a GSA Schedule with the applicable SIN will be able to respond. The Department of Veterans Affairs is neither seeking quotes nor accepting unsolicited quotes, and responses to this notice cannot be accepted as offers. Any information the vendor considers proprietary should be clearly marked as such. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this Sources Sought Notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tawnya Krommenhoek
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: tawnya.krommenhoek@va.gov
  - Phone: tawnya.krommenhoek@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3d1ea4ec50f34b18bc6379a78221cd93/view)