---
layout: default
title: Replace Fuel Tanks at building 2096
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 7de67749d90d4591b2dc8814642a8fc2
---

# Replace Fuel Tanks at building 2096

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 18:09:55.531-04
- Solicitation Number: W912D026Q0098

## Summary

Amended Combined Synopsis Site Visits Date, Questions/RFI Date and Final Proposal Date. COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested, and a written solicitation is attached. Solicitation DPW-24035-4J Replace Fuel Tanks at Building 2096 incorporates provisions and clauses effective through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06, effective date 01 October 2025. This requirement is set aside 100% Small Business. North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS) is 236220, with a size standard of $41,000,000.00 All qualified Small Businesses under this industry are encouraged to submit quotations. Description of Requirement: 1 (Each) – Replace Fuel Tanks at building 2096 - Delivery to Fort Wainwright, Alaska 99703. See attachments 1-16 for additional details. All quotes will be evaluated in accordance with the evaluation procedures described in this solicitation. ***Offers must include complete and detailed technical specifications to enable the Government's evaluation and determination of technical acceptability. Incomplete submissions or failure to provide adequate technical details may result in the offer being deemed technically unacceptable and removed from consideration. Quotes must include estimated delivery date, SAM Unique ID Number, CAGE Code, and Tax Identification number. ***Funds are not presently available for this acquisition. No contract award will be made until Appropriated funds are made available. REFERENCES: The following publications are available electronically at https//www.acquisition.gov/ Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS: All contractors MUST be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) http://www.sam.gov database at the time of submission of quotes. QUESTIONS DUE DATE AND TIME: All questions concerning this solicitation shall be sent via email to: abdullah.o.mustapha.civ@army.mil or Jefferey.a.morgan.civ@army.mil by 4 May 2026 at 5:00 PM AST. A question and answer (Q&A) will be posted, if required, approximately 2 business days after all questions have been received. SITE VISIT: A site visit will be conducted on 27 April 2026 at 08:30 AM AST at Fort Wainwright Alaska building 2096. If planning to attend, please contact the Fort Wainwright Contracting Office at abdullah.o.mustapha.civ@army.mil or by 9 April 2026 at 1:00 PM AST for instructions site visit attendance. All Questions and RFI’s Due 11 May 2026 OFFER DUE DATE AND TIME: Offers are due 1 June 2026 at 1:00 PM AST. RECIPET OF OFFERS: Offerors MUST provide quote via e-mail only to abdullah.o.mustapha.civ@army.mil or or Jefferey.a.morgan.civ@army.mil. LATE OFFERS: Offerors are responsible for submitting quotations, and any modifications, revisions, or withdrawals, so as to reach the Government office designated in this solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. Quotations or modification of quotations received at the e-mail address specified for the receipt of offers after the exact time specified for receipt of offers WILL NOT be considered (ref. FAR 52.212-1(f)). PROPOSAL FORMAT Offerors shall complete the Price Proposal Schedule identified as Attachment 3 at the end of this letter, and submit with the corresponding proposal documentation. Also, the offeror shall complete the provided Enclosure 1 - Cost Estimate Breakdown Summary Sheet which provides a complete breakdown of the proposal to include materials, labor, equipment, overhead, profit, bonds, tax, etc. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS, CONDITIONS AND NOTICES TO OFFEROR: (INSTRUCTIONS RESPONDING TO SOLICITATION) Solicitation responses will be evaluated using the criteria prescribed in paragraph “Evaluation Criteria/Basis for Award.” Noncompliance with the solicitation requirements may hamper the Government’s ability to properly evaluate the proposal and may result in elimination of the proposal from further consideration for Task Order award. The proposal submission instructions are designed to provide general guidance for preparing responses as well as providing specific instructions on proposal/response organization, format, and content. Offerors should include all documents and information requested in the format provided in these instructions. Offerors are cautioned to follow the instructions carefully, as the Government reserves the right to make an award based on initial responses received without discussion of such response. The submission of the documentation specified below will constitute the offeror's acceptance of the terms and conditions of the solicitation, concurrence with the SOW, and contract type. If an offeror believes that the requirements in these instructions contain an error, an omission, are overly ambiguous, and/or are otherwise deemed unsound, the offeror shall immediately notify the KO in writing with supporting rationale. The offeror is reminded that the Government reserves the right to award this effort based on initial proposals, as received. If the offeror finds it necessary to take exception to any of the requirements specified in this solicitation, the offeror shall clearly identify the applicable section and exceptions with a complete explanation of why the exception was taken, what benefit accrues to the Government (if any), and its impact(s), if any, on the performance, schedule, cost, and specific requirements of the solicitation. Each exception shall be specifically related to each paragraph and/or specific part of the solicitation to which the exception is taken. This information shall be provided in the format below. Offerors are cautioned that exceptions in their proposal to the solicitation requirements may render their proposal ineligible for award. EVALUATION CRITERIA/BASIS OF EVALUATION: The government will evaluate the proposal based on the total price and adherence to the requirements of Solicitation. In the event of a combination of Base items and Option items, evaluation of price will be for the identified Grand Project Total as identified on Attachment 3 – Price proposal schedule which consists of the offeror’s identified pricing for all base and option items. Analysis will be performed by one or more of the following techniques to ensure a fair and reasonable price: Comparison of proposed prices received in response to the RTOP. Comparison of proposed prices with the Independent Government Cost Estimate (IGCE). Comparison of proposed prices with available historical information. Comparison of market survey results. Comparison of components with the RS Means Estimating Guide. CONTRACTING OFFICE CONTACT INFORMATION: All offers and questions pertaining to this solicitation shall be sent by email to the following email address: abdullah.o.mustapha.civ@army.mil or Jefferey.a.morgan.civ@army.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Abdullah O. Mustapha
  - Email: abdullah.o.mustapha.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 907-353-7300
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jefferey Morgan
  - Email: jefferey.a.morgan.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 907-353-1519

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: at the end of this letter, and submit with the corresponding proposal documentation. Also, the offeror shall complete the provided Enclosure 1 - Cost Estimate Breakdown Summary Sheet which provides a complete breakdown of the proposal to include materials, labor, equipment, overhead, profit, bonds, tax, etc. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS, CONDITIONS AND NOTICES TO OFFEROR: (INSTRUCTIONS RESPONDING TO SOLICITATION) Solicitation responses will be evaluated using the criteria prescribed in paragraph “Evaluation Criteria/Basis for Award.” Noncompliance with the solicitation requirements may hamper the Government’s ability to properly evaluate the proposal and may result in elimination of the proposal from further consideration for Task Order award. The proposal submission instructions are designed to provide general guidance for preparing responses as well as providing specific instructions on proposal/response organization, format, and content. Offerors should include all documents and information requested in the format provided in these instructions. Offerors are cautioned to follow the instructions carefully, as the Government reserves the right to make an award based on initial responses received without discussion of such response. The submission of the documentation specified below will constitute the offeror"s acceptance of the terms and conditions of the solicitation, concurrence with the SOW, and contract type. If an offeror believes that the requirements in these instructions contain an error, an omission, are overly ambiguous, and/or are otherwise deemed unsound, the offeror shall immediately notify the KO in writing with supporting rationale. The offeror is reminded that the Government reserves the right to award this effort based on initial proposals, as received. If the offeror finds it necessary to take exception to any of the requirements specified in this solicitation, the offeror shall clearly identify the applicable section and exceptions with a complete explanation of why the exception was taken, what benefit accrues to the Government (if any), and its impact(s), if any, on the performance, schedule, cost, and specific requirements of the solicitation. Each exception shall be specifically related to each paragraph and/or specific part of the solicitation to which the exception is taken. This information shall be provided in the format below. Offerors are cautioned that exceptions in their proposal to the solicitation requirements may render their proposal ineligible for award. EVALUATION CRITERIA/BASIS OF EVALUATION: The government will evaluate the proposal based on the total price and adherence to the requirements of Solicitation. In the event of a combination of Base items and Option items, evaluation of price will be for the identified Grand Project Total as identified on Attachment 3 – Price proposal schedule which consists of the offeror’s identified pricing for all base and option items. Analysis will be performed by one or more of the following techniques to ensure a fair and reasonable price: Comparison of proposed prices received in response to the RTOP. Comparison of proposed prices with the Independent Government Cost Estimate (IGCE). Comparison of proposed prices with available historical information. Comparison of market survey results. Comparison of components with the RS Means Estimating Guide. CONTRACTING OFFICE CONTACT INFORMATION: All offers and questions pertaining to this solicitation shall be sent by email to the following email address: abdullah.o.mustapha.civ@army.mil or Jefferey.a.morgan.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7de67749d90d4591b2dc8814642a8fc2/view)