---
layout: default
title: Z2DA--FY26: NRM (PROJ 673-21-153) BB Renovate Ground Floor Halls and Walls
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 08a6d65ea8fa4da986af300bbe164ef6
---

# Z2DA--FY26: NRM (PROJ 673-21-153) BB Renovate Ground Floor Halls and Walls

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 07:15:16.222-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0451
- Awardee: null

## Summary

INSTRUCTION TO OFFERORS ISSUE DATE: 03/10/2026 QUOTE DUE DATE: 04/06/2026 at 1:00PM EST. PROJECT TITLE: BB Renovate Ground Floor Halls and Walls PROJECT NUMBER: 673-21-153 LOCATION: James A. Haley VA Hospital, 13000 Bruce B. Downs Boulevard, Tampa, Florida, 33612. OFFICE ISSUING THIS REQUEST: Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office (NCO) 8 Point of Contact (POC): David Hernandez Email: David.hernandez1@va.gov ; Phone: (813) 893-3904 PROJECT SUMMARY: THE BID/BUILD CONTRACT SHALL INCLUDE but not be limited to the Renovation of the Halls and Walls on the ground floor of building 1 at the James A. Haley VA hospital, located at 13000 Bruce B. Downs boulevard, Tampa, Florida as required by the drawings and specifications included in this acquisition package. The scope of work includes asbestos abatement and the replacement of flooring, ceilings, doors, hardware, light fixtures, crash rails, handrails, drinking fountains and miscellaneous elements that are directly related to the hallways. This work shall include but not be limited to architectural, mechanical, plumbing, electrical, and abatement. AS REQUIRED BY DRAWINGS AND SPECIFICATIONS (See attachments) PART I GENERAL INFORMATION All references to Bid or Bidder shall be understood to mean Offer or Offeror . MAGNITUDE OF THIS PROJECT: Between $5,000,000.00 and $10,000,000.00 SITE VISIT: An organized site visit is planned for 04/14/2026 at 10:00 AM EST. Meeting location is Building 42. Please contact Healthcare Engineer Kara Chaput Kara.Chaput@va.gov to confirm attendance. Technical questions are not allowed during the site visit. Please record your questions and submit them to the Contracting Officer as an RFI by the date indicated in #5 below. OFFER ACCEPTANCE PERIOD: Offers providing less than one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days for Government acceptance after the date offers are due will not be considered and will be rejected. REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION: Requests for Information (RFIs) shall be submitted by the prime contractor, by email to David.hernandez1@va.gov No telephone RFIs will be accepted. The cutoff for submission of RFIs is 04/21/2026 at 2:00PM EST. SPECIFICATIONS AND DRAWINGS: All applicable specifications and drawings, if available, will be provided electronically in SAM.gov as attachments to this RFP. No hard copies will be made available to proposing contractors. Any reference contained within contract specifications and/or drawings to the VA Engineer , Resident Engineer , Senior Resident Engineer , Project Manager , Contracting Officer Technical Representative, or their abbreviations are to be replaced with Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) . SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS VERIFICATION: Subsequent contracts are 100% set asides for verified SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS (SDVOSB). The award of this requirement shall not be delayed due to loss of SDVOSB verification. QUOTEs submitted by non-certified by Small Business Search https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ shall be excluded from award consideration. Small Business Verification: The Government will review Small Business Search https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ to confirm SDVOSB status verification for the submitted QUOTE. Evaluations will be performed on QUOTEs submitted by verified SDVOSB only. The Contracting Officer will use the UEI to verify that the Offeror has an active Federal Government contracts registration in SAM. IAW FAR 52.204-7(b)(1)(iii). LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING (Reference Contract Clause VAR 852.219-75 for further information) Please, fully complete and return the LIMITATION ON SUBCONTRACTING. FUNDS. Funds are not presently available for this contract. (Reference Contract Clause FAR 52.232-18) BONDS (Reference Contract Clause FAR 52.228-15 for further information on applicability). A payment and performance bond shall be provided. The penal sum shall be one hundred percent (100%) of order price. Bonds and other payment protection shall be provided within ten (10) calendar days of award of the Contract. Notice to proceed will not be issued until the Contractor provides sufficient bonding to cover the work being performed OFFER GUARANTEE: BID BOND (SUBMIT WITH YOUR PRICE QUOTE) per FAR Clause 52.228-1 -Bid Guarantee, the amount of the bid guarantee shall be 20 percent of the bid price or $3,000,000, whichever is less. Provide with PRICE QUOTE. NOTE: A scanned copy of the original is acceptable. Bond Seal must be visible. SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL RECORD (SUBMIT WITH QUOTE): Offerors shall submit information that specify the contractor in question has no more than three serious, or one repeat, or one willful OSHA or EPA violation(s) in the past three (3) years and has an Experience Modification Rate (EMR) that shall not exceed 1.0. If there is no EMR, state the reason way no EMR is available. EMR greater than 1.0 will not be acceptable. Offerors are required to complete and submit attached Past safety and environmental record or any other form that provided the above information. Offerors with an EMR greater than 1.0 will be considered ineligible and will not be evaluated. WAGE DETERMINATION: Wages for all contractors and subcontractors must comply with Davis Bacon Wage Determinations. The current Davis Bacon determination is General Decision Number: FL20260208 dated 01-02-2026. Be advised that the determination that is current at the time of the Contract award is the determination that will apply for the project. Current determinations are always available at: https://sam.gov/wage-determinations CONTRACT PERFORMANCE PERIOD: 540 calendar days after receipt of written Notice to Proceed performed in concurrent or sequential phases as indicated or required. If you anticipate long lead times for project materials, state this in the technical PROPOSAL with your anticipated lead time for the specific item II. QUOTE PREPARATION AND EVALUATION INFORMATION QUOTE PREPARATION INSTRUCTION: To ensure timely and equitable evaluation of QUOTEs, offerors must follow the instructions contained herein. In order for QUOTEs to receive full consideration for award, offerors should ensure that the information furnished in support of the QUOTE is factual, accurate, and complete, and directly responds to the requirements of this RFQ. NOTE: Your QUOTE shall be submitted as portable data files (pdf), and documents submitted shall be no larger than 7 Mega Bytes (MB) in size. Send document in separate files as deemed necessary. If separate files are submitted for specific submission, offeror shall include in the subject line right after required subject title, email number followed by the emails total to be submitted for specific submission. QUOTE SUBMISSION: All QUOTES shall be submitted by the prime contractor no later than (NLT) 04/06/2026 at 1:00PM EST. (subject to amendment) through the Point of Contact email David.hernandez1@va.gov . NO OTHER FORMS OF SUBMISSION WILL BE ACCEPTED. Undeliverable emails due to an offeror s QUOTE size, using wrong email address, or other transmission errors, is not the responsibility of the Government. NOTE: To be considered and accepted as timely the QUOTE must be received in its entirety prior to the deadline. Failure to provide a QUOTE in its entirety prior to the deadline will result in the quote will not be evaluated. BASIS FOR AWARD: The Government will award one firm-fixed-price contract to the responsible offeror whose quote conforms to the solicitation and represents the best value to the Government. The source selection process will utilize FAR Parts 15.103-1 (Tradeoff). considering the factors set forth below: Factor 1 Technical/Management Approach Factor 2 Specialized Experience Factor 3 Schedule Factor 4 - Past Performance Factor 5 Price All non-priced factors are equally important. All non-priced factors (Factors 1-4) when combined are approximately equal to price (Factor 5). The Government intends to evaluate quotes and award a contract without conducting discussions with offerors. However, the Government reserves the right to hold discussions if the Contracting Officer determines them to be necessary. QUOTE PREPARATION INSTRUCTIONS: The following must be included in the offeror s QUOTE: Cover Page with: Bid Build Project, RFP (Solicitation) Number, Project Title and Project Number, Company Information (Primary points of contact, email, address, phone numbers (including area code), DUNs number, Cage code, EUI, etc.) Table of Contents Signed SF 1442, with Blocks 14-20C completed including acknowledgement of any Amendments issued. Completed Experience Modification Rate (EMR) Form Completed Bid Bond Completed and signed VAAR 852.219-75 (The formal certification must be completed, signed and returned with the offeror's bid, quotation, or quote. The Government will not consider offers for award from offerors that do not provide the certification, and all such responses will be deemed ineligible for evaluation and award.) Required Submittals for Factor 1 Technical/Management Approach Required Submittals for Factor 2 Specialized Experience Required Submittals for Factor 3 Schedule Required Submittals for Factor 4 - Past Performance Required Submittals for Factor 5 - Price COMPLETED PRICE SCHEDULE (Total of Proposed Price of each CLIN). The price QUOTE shall be submitted separate from the technical QUOTE. The proposed prices will be analyzed for reasonableness. No pricing information shall be included in the technical submittals. PRICE EVALUATION: The Government will initially review pricing independently from the factor evaluation. Price will be evaluated for reasonableness using one or more of the techniques set forth in FAR Part 15.404-1(b). FACTOR I - TECHNICAL/MANAGEMENT APPROACH. Narrative: 5-page maximum (excluding EMR documentation) Describe in a written narrative, the plan for phasing and coordinating the work so that the facility remains operational. The narrative will also detail how the contractor intends to prepare the site, renovate, and return to use within any specified time limits. Organizational Chart and Narrative Clearly describe the prime responsible firm (or firms if a J/V) and individuals as well as the roles and responsibilities of individuals proposed as key consultants and subcontractors. Provide a list of all consultants and all proposed major subcontractors, including telephone number, address, and name of contact. Each individual s name, title, duty, years of experience and experience level relating to similar contracts in size and scope (Renovate Ground Floor Halls and Walls). At a minimum, the Offeror shall provide information for the following disciplines: Site Superintendent Quality Assurance Manager Site Safety and Health Officer Project Manager The narratives for the Site Superintendent, Quality Assurance Manager, Site Safety and Health Officer, and Project Manager must show a minimum of five (5) years experience for each respective discipline on a project of similar size, scope, and complexity. The Quality Assurance Manager may be the same individual as either the superintendent or project manager but must show the minimum of five (5) years experience for each respective discipline. EVALUATION CRITERIA TECHNICAL/MANAGEMENT APPROACH: The information provided will be used to evaluate the depth of each offeror s technical understanding of the project and its management abilities. More credit will be given for approaches that meet or exceed the project requirements. Quotes which fail to demonstrate the minimum experience for each respective discipline will result in the quote being removed from consideration and the quote shall be ineligible for award. Your EMR shall not exceed 1.0. This information shall be obtained from the bidder s/offeror's insurance company and be furnished on the insurance carrier s letterhead. An EMR of more than 1.0 will result in no further consideration of the quote. Failure to submit an EMR rating will result in no further consideration of the quote. FACTOR II SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE. Narrative: 5-page maximum. The offeror is required to submit a minimum of three (3) but no more than five (5) example projects demonstrating your firm s experience and capability similar to Renovate Ground Floor Halls and Walls. These demonstrations in similar experience and capability shall be in a healthcare environment with phasing, asbestos abatement, and trade coordination work and display the firms experience with cost control, quality of work, adaptability, and compliance with performance schedules on a project of similar scope and size. These examples shall include: The prime and/or subcontractors proposed team that they were involved in the submitted projects, and the tasks carried out by each. The original and final costs and periods of performance of the projects, with an explanation of any differences. How the submitted example is similar to this project. Offeror shall provide example projects that best represent the Offeror s work experience and capability required on this project, completed within the past five (5) years from the issuance date of this solicitation, or that are currently ongoing and substantially complete (at least 75% construction progress completed). These examples shall include the prime and/or subcontractors proposed for this project that were involved in the submitted projects and the tasks carried out by each. Offerors are responsible for providing project descriptions in sufficient detail to permit evaluation of project relevancy to this procurement and shall explain how the submitted example is similar to this one. In this context, Offeror or Offeror s refers to the proposed prime contractor, and all proposed major subcontractor(s). If the project is older than five (5) years, it will be considered less relevant. EVALUATION CRITERIA EXPERIENCE: The information provided will be used to evaluate the relevancy and depth of each Offeror s specialized experience. The more recent and relevant experience, the more credit will be given. The Government will place greater importance on projects performed as a prime contractor than as a subcontractor. The Government will place greater importance on projects that were performed at a VA HEALTHCARE ENVIRONMENT, depending upon overall role and relevant considerations. FACTOR III SCHEDULE The quote shall provide a proposed progress schedule. The progress schedule shall be in a time scaled bar graph format. The horizontal axis shall be scaled for time beginning with the Notice to Proceed and concluding with contract completion. The vertical axis SHALL shows the milestones and major portions of the contract work. Milestones SHALL include such items as material submissions, submittal acceptance, partial and final inspections, punch list completion, testing, etc. All scheduled items SHALL show a start date and a completion date, and the critical path shall be clearly identified on the schedule. The detailed schedule SHALL indicate specific tasks with dates for each step of the process including: Mobilization; Demolition and Abatement; Construction; Provisions for overtime or shift work; Timing of relocation of existing utilities; Tests and final inspection. Task durations shall be expressed in calendar days. The Offeror shall specify how much allowance has been made for bad weather or other unforeseen delays, the days of the week and the hours of construction operations during each phase of the work, and the percentage of contract completion that SHALL be achieved at the end of each month of the contract. If there is a long lead time for materials, please note this in your quote. In a narrative, the contractor shall highlight any potential problems that could affect the project schedule and provide possible contingency plans or potential solutions to avoid such issues. EVALUATION CRITERIA - SCHEDULE: The information provided will be used to evaluate the strengths, weaknesses, and any deficiencies in the schedule submission and narrative. Schedules that do not meet the overall period of performance or other timelines outlined in the statement of work/specifications will result in the quote being removed from consideration and the quote shall be ineligible for award. The exclusion of any major phases of work in the schedule will result in the quote being removed from consideration and the quote shall be ineligible for award FACTOR IV: Past Performance: Past performance information may be obtained from references provided by the offeror and from other sources known to the Government or learned during the course of the evaluation. Each offeror will be evaluated on its performance for similar type of projects. The government will focus on information that demonstrates quality of performance relative to the size and complexity of the procurement. In the case of an offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available or so sparse that no meaningful past performance rating can be reasonably assigned, the offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance, in accordance with FAR 15.104(b)(3) Therefore, the offeror shall be determined to have unknown past performance. The prime contractor shall provide completed Past Performance surveys of and present documented proof that they have performed projects that required work similar in size and scope to this project in the past 5 years (These examples can be the same projects as in Factor 2 or different projects); This may include a past performance from a 1ST-tier sub-contractor. Note: Any teaming or proposed sub-contractor arrangement you are submitting as part of this quote for evaluation must remain intact through contract completion unless otherwise approved by the VA. It is required. The VA needs the consent to review/consider subcontractor information Consent Letters executed by each subcontractor, teaming partner, and/or joint venture partner, authorizing the release of past performance information to the Government. Failure to provide a consent letter will preclude the Government from considering the past performance information of the subcontractor. In addition to PPQs/CPARS, provide the following information for each example: Project Number, Title, and location or facility performed (At least two (2) of the projects submitted must be the same or similar work to the project described in the solicitation) All projects submitted must be at least 75% complete. Contracting Officer and COR Name and contact information, telephone, and email Total Project Value and duration. List of subcontractors. Initial/Final award amount. State any change orders that occurred during the project performance and the reason behind the change. Pictures of completed work. Detailed description of work, including trades involved (identify the percentage of self-performed work). Explanation of why the projects were selected as the same or similar and how the experience obtained on the submitted project is pertinent to the execution of this project. EVALUATION CRITERIA PAST PERFORMANCE: The information presented by the vendor, together with information from other sources available to the Government, will be the basis for evaluation under this factor. As part of this evaluation, VA will consider the relevancy of the projects submitted, to include the size and scope/complexity. The Government may contact references and contact parties other than those identified by the offeror, and information received may be used in the evaluation of the offeror s Past Performance. The evaluation will take into account Past Performance information regarding predecessor companies, key personnel who have relevant experience, or subcontractors that will perform major or critical aspects of the requirement when such information is relevant to this acquisition. If multiple subcontractors are provided for the same discipline, the government will use the lowest rated subcontractor in the evaluation. The Government reserves the right to obtain and evaluate Past Performance information from any source it deems appropriate. The Past Performance evaluation will consider the recency and relevancy of the past performance submissions as discussed above, and Offerors will be assigned an overall confidence rating based on the Government s expectation the Offeror will successfully accomplish the current requirements. In the case of an offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available or so sparse that no meaningful past performance rating can be reasonably assigned, the offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance, in accordance with FAR 15.104(b)(3) Therefore, the offeror shall be determined to have unknown past performance. Narrative 5-page maximum CPARS/PPQ No maximum page limit FACTOR V PRICE Price will be evaluated for reasonableness using one or more of the techniques set forth in FAR Part 15.404-1(b).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David M Hernandez
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: David.Hernandez1@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/08a6d65ea8fa4da986af300bbe164ef6/view)