---
layout: default
title: Medical Waste Disposal Services
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 52ae7bad4506489791ac0b58cfc44fdd
---

# Medical Waste Disposal Services

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 13:03:09.407-04
- Solicitation Number: 15B20526Q00000020

## Summary

***AMENDMENT 2*** The RFQ submission time has been extended. Please have all quotes in by Wednesday, April 29th, 2026, 10am est. Question: How many containers (30-gallon single use boxes with puncture resistant bags) are there within the facility? Also, can you provide a map showing the locations of the container locations within the facility? Answer: You only have to drop off the supplies of 30-gallon single use boxes and puncture resistant bags to us in a single location. The Government will put the supplies in place within the prison for our use. The Government will also be the ones who gather them up and put them in one single location for pickup 2x a week. ***END OF AMENDMENT 2*** ***AMENDMENT 1*** Statement of work has been modified. Changes are in bold.

1.3 Supplies: The contractor will be responsible for furnishing all labor, equipment, vehicles, containers, and materials unless otherwise specified herein; necessary for and incidental to the collection, removal, and disposal of infectious medical waste services as specified within the solicitation. The contractor shall furnish all supplies for the safe disposal of infectious medical waste to include but not limited to 30-gallon single use boxes and puncture resistant plastic bags. The manner and method of performance under the resulting contract are the sole responsibility of the contractor. However, the contractor shall perform the services in accordance with standard industry practices. In addition, the drivers will provide the facility boxes and one (1) liner per 30-gallon single use box for their waste. Sharps containers are not included with service. If needed, cases of red bags and sharps containers may be purchased through our Products Team. Sizes, availability and pricing of red bags and sharps containers will be provided upon request.

1.4 Scope of Services and Method of Performance: … The contractor shall provide at minimum a pick-up that is conducted twice per week. The transportation of medical infectious waste will occur Monday through Friday, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. through 3:00 p.m., Eastern Standard Time, with the exception of Federal holidays. This service will be performed at the following address: 42 Patton Road, Ayer Massachusetts, 01432. ***End of Amendment 1*** U.S. Department of Justice Federal Bureau of Prisons Field Acquisition Office On Behalf Of Federal Medical Center, Devens April 16, 2026 (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 15B20526Q00000020 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ), for Infectious Medical Waste Removal Services, in accordance with the statement of work. This acquisition is not set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. (ii) A list of line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure (including option(s), if applicable). See attached SF-1449. Maximum quantities are 2,500 containers for the base year. There are 4 option years with the same quantities. (iii) Description of requirements for the items to be acquired, including documentation supporting any brand name descriptions (see 12.102). See attached statement of work. This is for infections medical waste removal services. (iv) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and f.o.b. point (see part 47). See statement of work. Services will be performed at FMC Devens. 42 Patton Road, Ayer MA, 01432. (v) A list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(a)). The following provisions are appliable: 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services Award will be made to the responsible Quoter whose quote conforms to the requirements and is determined to provide the best value to the Government, considering the evaluation factors outlined below. (1) Price - The government will evaluate the Quoter’s proposed price to ensure it is fair and reasonable; (2) Past Performance – Past performance information shall include prior experience and similar performances undertaken by the contractor. 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements—Representation (JAN 2017) 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements—Notice and Representation (FEB 2021) (vi) A list of contract clauses that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(b)). 52.212-4, Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Internal Confidentiality Agreements 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel 52.204-13 System for Award Management – Maintenance 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Debarred/Suspended Contractors 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management 52.233-3 Protest After Award 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions 52.216-18 Ordering 52.216-19 Order Limitations 52.216-21 Requirements 52.217-9 Option to Extend the term of the Contract 52.232-18 Availability of Funds 52.232-19 Availability of Funds for the Next Fiscal Year. JAR 2852.223-70 Unsafe Conditions Due to the Presence of Hazardous Material JAR 2852.201-70, Contracting Officer’s Representative JAR 2852.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions, Commercial Items DOJ-08 – Continuing Contract Performance During a Pandemic Influenza or Other National Emergency (vii) The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact. The completed solicitation package must be returned no later than 10:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on April 23rd , 2026. Vendors shall submit quotes only to: Charles Coushaine, Contracting Officer, Email: ccoushaine@bop.gov. No fax, hand delivered, or mail-in quotes will be accepted. Please be sure to read the solicitation, statement of work, clauses and provisions. Quotes MUST be good for 30 calendar days after close of the solicitation. (viii) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c). Any and all information will be posted to the General Services Administration, SAM.Gov website: www.sam.gov. All future information about this acquisition, including amendments, awards and cancellations will also be distributed through this site. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to ensure they have the most up-to-date information about this solicitation All responsible sources may submit a quotation, as appropriate, which will be considered by the Bureau of Prisons. “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in this solicitation. Contracting officers will rely on representations from offers based on provisions in the solicitation. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Charles Coushaine
  - Email: CCoushaine@bop.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/52ae7bad4506489791ac0b58cfc44fdd/view)