---
layout: default
title: Remove/Relocate CNC Milling Machines
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 1f8f95d28d3440a18649d00784f4f3f6
---

# Remove/Relocate CNC Milling Machines

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 11:19:14.348-04
- Solicitation Number: W50S7H26QA001

## Summary

This is a Request for Quote to reposition and relocate two (2) CNC milling machines. Solicitation number W50S7H26QA001 is being issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). This requirement is being Set-Aside for Small Business under NAICS 238990 with a size standard of $19M. The 172d Airlift Wing, Base Contracting Office, Jackson, MS intends to issue a contract for: CLIN 0001 – Crane Services, reposition and relocate milling machines; 1 Job Period of Performance: Shall be within 30 days after award notification. If this is unable to be met, please indicate estimated time required to complete the service in accordance with the PWS. Please provide, with your quote, CAGE code and payment discount terms. Also, provide all certifications required to complete this type of service within industry standards and the Performance Work Statement. If there are any exceptions or assumptions please annotate as such on your quote. Wage Determination: Currently, Wage Determination Number 2015-5153 Revision No. 29 dated 12/03/2025 for Rankin County is applicable to this purchase order. Rates can be found at https://sam.gov/wage-determination/2015-5153/29 . However, the current prevailing Wage Determination will be incorporated at the time of award. In the event the current prevailing Wage Determination is changed by the Department of Labor after the closing date of this solicitation, the updated Wage Determination will be incorporated by amendment and issued to all Offerors that have not been eliminated from the competition. If applicable, these Offerors will be given a reasonable opportunity to provide revised quotes solely to amend quotes due to Wage Determination changes. Quotes will be evaluated based on Best Value to the Government according to Price, Technical Acceptability, and Performance History. Additionally, offerors shall be certified within industry standards to perform work as described in the PWS. To ensure timely and equitable evaluation of quotes, offerors must comply with instructions contained herein. Quotes must be complete, self-sufficient, and respond directly to the requirements of this RFQ. A site visit will be conducted on Wednesday, March 18, 2026 at 9:00 a.m. at 141 Military Dr., Building 102, Jackson, MS 39232. If someone from your company plans to attend the site visit, please complete the Pre-Announcement Sheet with all personnel who plan to attend, and return to adam.surkin@us.af.mil by COB, March 17, 2026. Information provided at the site visit as well as answers to questions shall not change/qualify the terms and conditions of the solicitation and specifications. Terms remain unchanged unless solicitation is amended in writing. Quotes are due no later than 2:00 P.M. CDT, Thursday, March 26, 2026. Please email quotes to adam.surkin@us.af.mil. SAM is a mandatory requirement for all DoD Government contracts. You must be registered and have an active status in order to be eligible for award of a contract. To register on line go to http://www.sam.gov/. Clauses and provisions incorporated by reference may be accessed via the Internet at https://www.acquisition.gov/ Only firm fixed price offers will be evaluated. Award will be made (all or none) to one contractor. The following FAR and DFARS provisions and clauses apply to this solicitation: FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management FAR 52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications FAR 52.204-16, Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting FAR 52.204-18, Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance FAR 52.204-21, Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems FAR 52.204-22, Alternative Line Item Proposal FAR 52.204-24, Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment FAR 52.204-25, Prohibition of Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment FAR 52.204-26, Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services--Representation FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors, Commercial Items FAR 52.212-3 Alt. I, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Items FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition, and these additional FAR clauses cited in the clause are applicable to the acquisition: FAR 52.203-19, Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Standards FAR 52.219-28, Post Award Small Business Program Representation FAR 52.222-3, Convict Labor FAR 52.222-19, Child Labor – Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies FAR 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities FAR 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity FAR 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons FAR 52.223-18, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving FAR 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - System for Award Management FAR 52.233-3, Protest after Award FAR 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim FAR 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards FAR 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires FAR 52.222-55, Minimum Wages Under Executive Order 13658 FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference FAR 52.252-6, Authorized deviations in Clauses DFARS 252.203-7000, Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.203-7002, Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DFARS 252.203-7005, Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.204-7008, Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls DFARS 252.204-7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting DFARS 252.204-7015, Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support DFARS 252.204-7016, Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation DFARS 252.204-7017, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation DFARS 252.204-7018, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services DFARS 252.223-7008, Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium DFARS 252.225-7000, Buy American—Balance of Payments Program Certificate DFARS 252.225-7001, Buy American and Balance of Payments Program DFARS 252.225-7048, Export-Controlled Items DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests DFARS 252.232-7006, Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions DFARS 252.232-7010, Levies on Contract Payments DFARS 252.244-7000, Subcontracts for Commercial Items DFARS 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies by Sea Contracting Office Address: 172 MSG/MSC 141 Military Drive AW-30 Jackson, MS 39232

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Adam Surkin
  - Email: adam.surkin@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6014058656
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Donna Phillips
  - Email: donna.phillips.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 6014058341

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1f8f95d28d3440a18649d00784f4f3f6/view)