---
layout: default
title: Overhaul of Magnetic Powder Clutch 1680-01-544-4848RK
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: ab4c95866f534775a4211cfff18e3eec
---

# Overhaul of Magnetic Powder Clutch 1680-01-544-4848RK

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 10:20:48.538-04
- Solicitation Number: FD20302600419

## Summary

The United States Air Force through Air Force Sustainment Center (AFSC), Tinker AFB 73145 is contemplating the Overhaul of Magnetic Powder Clutch. The contractor shall provide all labor, facilities, equipment and all material to accomplish remanufacture. The work encompasses the disassembly cleaning, inspection, maintenance re-assembly, testing, and finishing actions required to return the item to a like-new condition in accordance with the solicitation requirements and all attachments. A Firm Fixed Price IDIQ type contract is contemplated. The requirements set forth in this notice are defined per Purchase Request FD20302600419 as follows: Written response is required. Item 0001: Overhaul of 1680015444848RK, PN 126570-01 3 Year IDIQ type contract with one 3-year Period of Performance Minimum 10ea and Maximum 75ea Item 0002: Over and Above. To be negotiated. Item 0003: Data (Not Separately Priced) NSN: 1680015444848RK Function: Clutch, Used to engage areas of a drive system. Dimensions: 4.0000” h x 4.0000” w x 4.0000” l and weighs 2.0000 lbs. Material: Aluminum/ Steel Delivery: Deliver 1 unit(s) 2ea every 30 days ARO. Early delivery is acceptable Ship To: DLA DISTRIBUTION DEPOT OKLAHOMA 3301 F AVE CEN REC BLDG 506 DR 22 TINKER AFB OK 73145-8000 TINKER AFB OK, OK 73145-8000 USA Duration of Contract Period: 3 Year IDIQ Contract Qualification Requirements: QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS APPLY. Interested vendors that have not been previously qualified for this acquisition must submit a Source Approval Request (SAR) package to the Source Development, Small Business Office at 405-739-7243. As prescribed in FAR 9.202(e), the contracting officer need not delay a proposed award in order to provide a potential offeror with an opportunity to demonstrate its ability to meet the standards specified for qualification. Part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing knowledge by the qualified source(s) require acquisition of the part from approve sources. In order to receive any technical data related to this acquisition during the pre-solicitation phase, offerors must send an email request to the Public Sales Office AFLCMC.LZP.PUBSALES@us.af.mil. Release of any data is subject to applicable data rights. The request shall be on company letterhead and include the applicable solicitation number, the specific data needed (including TO and/or drawing numbers), and a copy of the current, approved DD Form 2345. The form, including instructions for completing the form, is available at: http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/infomgt/forms/forminfo/forminfopage2220.html. The Government is not responsible for incomplete, misdirected, or untimely requests.** Some units of items listed in Section B may, upon disassembly and/or inspection, be determined to be beyond repairable limits specified in the Work Specification and/or Technical Orders. Any cost for work performed by the Contractor, prior to determination that such equipment is beyond repairable limits, shall be included in the unit price(s) of the listed item(s). Condemned units will not be counted as production. Export Control: N/A There is one approved source. IAW 762 Approved Sources, an Other Than Full and Open Solicitation is contemplated for this requirement. The RMC is R3 / D. The Government intends to issue solicitation on or about 20 March 2026 with a closing response date of 20 May 2026 and estimated award date of on or about 25 September 2026. This notice does not in itself represent the issuance of a formal request for proposal and is not intended to be taken as such. Based upon market research, the Government will not be using policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested parties may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice. All questions regarding this notice are to be submitted in writing via E-mail. All questions submitted to this office are subject to be posted in this notice along with the appropriate response(s). Vendor identities will not be disclosed. Prospective offerors must comply with all the requirements of the solicitation and any attachments thereto to be considered responsive. All offerors are to specify in their response whether they are a large business, small business, small disadvantaged business, 8(a) concern, women-owned small business, HUBZone small business, veteran-owned small business or service-disabled veteran-owned small business. Also offerors must specify whether they are a U.S. or foreign-owned firm. APPLICABLE TECHNICAL ORDERS Specific Technical Orders PART NUMBER REMANUFACTURE MANUAL/ TITLE/REVISION AND/OR OTHER TO NUMBER DIRECTIVES (AFTO FORM 252) 126570-01 N/A OEM Specifications General Technical Orders TO NUMBER DATE TITLE 00-5-1 19 NOV 2024 AF TECHNICAL ORDER SYSTEM 00-5-3 20 JAN 2025 AF TECHNICAL ORDER LIFE CYCLE MANAGEMENT 00-25-260 10 MAY 2022 METHODS AND PROCEDURES MANUAL -- UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION ASSET MARKING AND TRACKING 00-35D-54 15 FEB 2024 USAF DEFICIENCY REPORTING, INVESTIGATION AND RESOLUTION OTHER PUBLICATIONS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY NOTE: These publications are for information purposes only. Air Force Manuals DOCUMENT NUMBER DATE TITLE AFI 23-101 21 OCT 2020 MATERIAL MANAGEMENT POLICY AFMAN 23-122 26 OCT 2020 MATERIAL MANAGEMENT PROCEDURES DoD/Air Force Forms FORM NUMBER TITLE AFMC FORM 158 PACKAGING, HANDLING, STORAGE, AND TRANSPORTATION ACQUISITION AND SUSTAINMENT PRODUCT SUPPORT INSTRUCTION DD250 MATERIAL INSPECTION AND RECEIVING REPORT DD254 DOD CONTRACT SECURITY CLASSIFICATION SPECIFICATION DD1348-1A ISSUE RELEASE/RECEIPT DOCUMENT DD1423 CONTRACT DATA REQUIREMENTS LIST (CDRL) DD1574 SERVICEABLE TAG – MATERIEL DD1574-1 SERVICEABLE LABEL – MATERIEL DD1577-2 UNSERVICEABLE (REPAIRABLE) TAG – MATERIEL DD1577-3 UNSERVICEABLE (REPAIRABLE) LABEL – MATERIEL DD1577 UNSERVICEABLE (CONDEMNED) TAG – MATERIEL DD1577-1 UNSERVICEABLE (CONDEMNED) LABEL – MATERIEL DD1575 SUSPENDED TAG – MATERIEL DD1575-1 SUSPENDED LABEL – MATERIEL DD1694 REQUEST FOR VARIANCE (RFV) SF 328 CERTIFICATE PERTAINING TO FOREIGN INTERESTS SF 364 REPORT OF DISCREPANCY SF 368 PRODUCT QUALITY DEFICIENCY REPORT (PQDR) CONTRACTOR DOCUMENTS PART NUMBER DRAWING NUMBER TITLE AND DATE N/A N/A OEM Specifications OMBUDSMAN (AUG 2005) (An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition). The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at 405-736-3273. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS. Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. No telephone requests. Only written or emailed requests received directly from the requestor are acceptable.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Aczavius Smith
  - Email: aczavius.smith@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew Churchwell
  - Email: matthew.churchwell.2@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 4057394809

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ab4c95866f534775a4211cfff18e3eec/view)