# 49--PULLER,BEARING CUP

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 11:45:27.651-05
- Solicitation Number: N0038324QP503

## Summary

NSN 1R-4910-004637383-SX, REF NR 64E33087-1, QTY 7 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. Early and incremental deliveries accepted. Interested parties may obtain copies of Military and Federal Specificationsand Standards, Qualified Products Lists (QPLs), Qualified Product Databases(QPDs), Military Handbooks, and other standardized documents from the DoDSingle Stock Point (DODSSP) at Document Automation and Production Service(DAPS) in Philadelphia, PA. NOTE: Patterns, Drawings, Deviation Lists, Purchase Descriptions, etc. are NOT stocked at DODSSP. Most documents are available in Adobe PDF format from ASSIST-Online at: http://quicksearch.dla.mil/. Users may use ASSIST-Quick Search to search for and download available documents directly using standard browser software. Documents that are not available for downloading from ASSIST-Quick Search can be ordered from the DODSSP website using the ASSIST Shopping Wizard after obtaining a DODSSP Customer Account by following the registration procedures. Users who do not have access to the internet may contact the DODSSP ASSISTHelp Desk at 215-697-2667 or 215-697-2179 (DSN: 442-2667), or mail their request to DLADocument Services, Bldg. 4/D, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia PA 19111-5094. The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.302-1. All responsible sources may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals, quotationsor capability statements. This notice of intent is not a request forcompetitive proposals. However, all proposals received within 45 days (30days if award is issued under an existing Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA) afterdate of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify tothe contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy theGovernment's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice.

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9f82d5f552f9413a9fff7af46a4d9212/view