---
layout: default
title: BRAND NAME SOLE SOURCE One (1) Impact Spray System with components, installation and training
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: dc6e22e851624be59424091aaa262b9a
---

# BRAND NAME SOLE SOURCE One (1) Impact Spray System with components, installation and training

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 15:12:50.732-04
- Solicitation Number: W911QX26QA025

## Summary

COMBO SYNOPSIS SOLICITATION FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS 1. Class Code: 66 2. NAICS Code: 333912 3. Subject: BRAND NAME SOLE SOURCE One (1) Impact Spray System with components, installation and training 4. Solicitation Number: W911QX26QA025 5. Set-Aside Code: N/A 6. Response Date: FIVE (5) BUSINESS DAYS AFTER POSTING 7. Place of Delivery/Performance: U.S. Army Research Laboratory- Aberden Proving Ground 6375 Johnson Road, Bldg. 321 Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD 21005 8. (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number is W911QX26QA025. This acquisition is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). (iii) The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01, effective 13 March 2026. (iv) The associated NAICS code is 333912. The small business size standard is 1,000 employees (v) The following is a list of contract line item number(s) and items, quantities and units of measure, (including option(s), if applicable): Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) 0001: One (1) Impact Spray System with components, installation and training. (CLIN) 0002: Installation (CLIN) 0003: On site Training (CLIN) 0004: Travel Expenses (CLIN) 0005: Packaging/Freight (vi) Description of requirements: One (1) Impact Spray System with components, installation and training. (vii) Delivery is required 60 days After Receipt of Order (ARO). Delivery shall be made to U.S. Army Research Laboratory (ARL), Aberdeen Proving Ground, 6375 Johnson Road, Building 321, Aberdeen, MD 21005. Acceptance shall be performed at U.S. Army Research Laboratory (ARL), Aberdeen Proving Ground, 6375 Johnson Road, Building 321, Aberdeen, MD 21005. The FOB point is U.S. Army Research Laboratory (ARL), Aberdeen Proving Ground, 6375 Johnson Road, Building 321, Aberdeen, MD 21005. (viii) The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial, applies to this acquisition. The following addenda have been attached to this provision: N/A (ix) The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation - Commercial Items is applicable to this acquisition. The specific evaluation criteria to be included in paragraph (a) of that provision are as follows: Evaluation Criteria - Supplies (Tradeoff) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforms to the solicitation and will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Technical, Past Performance and Price. The Technical element of the evaluation will first be a determination as to whether the proposed product meets the performance characteristics and specifications in the solicitation. Those offers that meet or exceed the stated performance characteristics and specifications will then be evaluated in terms of technical aspects above the minimum requirements and of those aspects not addressed in the solicitation performance characteristics and specifications that would be most beneficial to the Government. In particular, the Government is willing to trade-off on price for offerors that exceed the following performance characteristics/specifications and/or delivery time: The Government’s primary interest is in accelerated delivery. To incentivize faster delivery, the Government will consider a price increase of up to 1% of the total proposed price for offers that guarantee a delivery time of 6 weeks or less. One (1) Impact Cold Spray System with components, installation and training A. General System Requirements The system must be modular in design, allowing for future expansion and integration of additional components. Must be capable of operating with Nitrogen or Helium as the process gas. Must be delivered with all necessary cables, hoses, and pipes for interconnecting the specified components. The system must be delivered with a minimum of two (2) powder feeder units. System must include on-site installation and operational training B. Spray Applicator Performance: Must sustain a process gas pressure of at least 60 bar and a process gas temperature of at least 1000°Celsius with a nozzle orifice of 2.7 (mm) millimeter diameter Must have an integrated heating capacity of at least 40 (kW) kilowatt. Physical & Integration: Weight must not exceed 30 (kg) kilogram. Must include a Prechamber Extension Kit to allow for adjustment of powder residence time within the hot gas stream. C. Powder Feeders Quantity: Must include a minimum of two (2) individual powder feeder units. Performance: Must operate at a pressure of at least 62 bar. Must include an integrated scale for continuous monitoring of the powder level. D. Nozzles & Injectors Must include a Central Injector Kit to enable axial powder injection into the convergent section of the nozzle. Must include a Water-Cooled Powder Injector assembly to enable operation with temperature-sensitive materials and reduce the risk of nozzle clogging. Must include at least one (1) nozzle made of tungsten carbide (WC) suitable for spraying a wide variety of powders, including hard materials. Must include at least two (2) nozzles specifically designed for spraying pure aluminum and aluminum alloys, featuring a polymer core and copper inlet for improved thermal stability E. Ancillary Equipment Water Cooling Unit: Must include a dedicated water cooling unit with a cooling capacity of at least 12 kW to ensure consistent nozzle temperature. Powder Pre-Heater: Must include a powder pre-heating unit capable of heating the powder/carrier gas mixture to at least 400°C at up to 100 bar. The Technical element of the evaluation shall be based solely on information furnished by the vendor. The Government is not responsible for locating or securing any information, which is not identified in the proposal. To ensure sufficient information is available, vendors must furnish as part of their proposal all descriptive material (such as cuts, illustrations, drawings, or other information) necessary for the Government to determine whether the product meets or exceeds the performance characteristics and specifications of the requirement. If the offeror proposes to modify a product so as to conform to the requirement of this solicitation, the offeror shall include a clear description of such proposed modifications and clearly mark any descriptive materials to show modifications. Past performance will be evaluated based on information provided by the offeror as to actual sales of the proposed product to industry or Government agencies. Past performance will consider the ability of the offeror to meet technical specifications, delivery schedules (with warranty fulfillment and maintenance reputation included as applicable). Offerors shall include 2 records of sales from the previous 12 months. Offerors shall identify a point of contact for each sale by providing a name and telephone number. Additionally, since the equipment is to be imported, a vendor's demonstrated experience and successful track record of importing similar systems into the United States will be a key factor in the past performance evaluation. Price will be evaluated based on the total proposed price, including options, (if any). Technical and past performance are of equal importance and when combined are significantly more important than price. The Government reserves the right to award to other than the lowest price and to award without discussions. (x) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3 (with its Alternate I), Offeror Representations with its offer. (xi) The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The following addenda have been attached to this clause N/A. (xii) The selected clauses listed in DFARS

212.301 Solicitation provisions and Contract Clauses for the Acquisition of Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The following additional FAR/DFARS clauses cited in this clause are applicable: (xiii) The following additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions apply (full text of all FAR/DFARS clauses that contain fill-in information, as well as Special Instructions and Information found in the attached Adelphi Special Instructions and Information document): FAR/DFARS Clauses: 52.203-3 Gratuities 52.203-6 Restrictions on Sybcontractor Sales To The Government 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreement Or Statements 52.204-7 System for Award Management-Registration. 52.204-10 Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards 52.204-13 System for Award Management-Maintenance 52.209-6 Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting With Inverted Domestic Corporations 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act. 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons. (Deviation) 52.223-5 Pollution Prevention and Right-to-Know Information 52.223-23 Sustainable Products. (Deviation) 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.228-5 Insurance-Work on a Government Installation 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors 52.233-3 Protest after Award. (Deviation) 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim. (Deviation) 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications. (Deviation) 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions. (Deviation) 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation) 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System. 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium. 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program FAR/DFARS FILL-IN/FULL TEXT CLAUSES: 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements-Notice and Representation 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation 252.225-7000 Buy American--Balance of Payments Program Certificate. 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions LOCAL CLAUSES: ACC-APG POINT OF CONTACT TECHNICAL POINT OF CONTACT INTENT TO SOLICIT ONLY ONE SOURCE TYPE OF CONTRACT DISTRIBUTION STATEMENT A GOV INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE PAYMENT OFFICE (BANKCARD) TAX EXEMPTION CERT. (ARL) RECEIVING ROOM REQUIREMENTS – (APG) DFARS COMMERCIAL CLAUSES EXCEPTIONS IN PROPOSAL AWARD OF CONTRACT BRAND NAME OR EQUAL ADELPHI CONTR. DIVISION URL FOREIGN NATIONALS PERFORMING PAYMENT TERMS (xiv) This acquisition is rated under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) as N/A. (xv) The following notes apply to this announcement: The Government is contemplating a Commercial, Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Contract type for this requirement under the FAR Part 13 Simplified Acquisition Procedures (SAP). In accordance with FAR 32.003, contract financing cannot be provided for this acquisition. (xvi) Offers are due on FIVE DAYS AFTER POSTING, by 11:59 AM EST via email to Douglas Dennard, douglas.c.dennard.civ@army.mil. (xvii) For information regarding this solicitation, please contact Douglas Dennard, douglas.c.dennard.civ@army.mil (520) 672-9560 Contracting Officer:

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Douglas Dennard
  - Email: douglas.c.dennard.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5206729560

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dc6e22e851624be59424091aaa262b9a/view)