---
layout: default
title: 43--COMPRESSOR, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 4488a26a5a5f45ada0519c77db3350b7
---

# 43--COMPRESSOR, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-30 05:36:01.289-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426RZA82

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications; Combo-Receiving Report & Invoice - Material|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|See schedule|TBD|N/A|N/A|N/A|Certifications: N45404|N/A|N/A|See DD1423|1-866-618-5988 - WAWF Hel pdesk| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| FIRM FIXED PRICE REPAIR PURCHASE ORDERS|1|TBD| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (JUN 2020)|4||||| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|one year from date of delivery|one year from date of delivery||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|4||||| SAFEGUARDING SENSITIVE CONVENTIONAL ARMS, AMMUNITION, AND EXPLOSIVES (NOV 2023))|9|||||||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| WARRANTY OF DATA-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0035) (FEB 2026)|2||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|333914|750|||||||||||| TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984)|1|Firm Fixed Price| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| The purpose of this amendment is to reduce quantity from 9 to 2. The solicitation due date is extended to 21 April 2026. All other terms and conditions remain the same. \ 1. This is an Advanced Equipment Repair Program (AERP) sole source repair requirement. 2. Please provide a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) qualifying proposal for the full repair effort of the requirement. Please include the cost of new or estimated cost of new with the submitted proposal. 3. In repair price, include all costs associated with receipt and complete repair of the material that may be in unwhole condition, missing hardware, damaged, handling damage, missing parts, wear damage, and CAV Reporting. Also provide the following information: 1. Teardown & Evaluation Rate: 2. Repair Turn Around Time (RTAT): 3. Throughput Constraint: 4. Induction Expiration Date: 4. Repair Turn Around Time (RTAT) - the resultant contractual delivery requirement is measured from the asset return to the asset acceptance under the terms of the contract. For purposes of this section, return is defined as physical receipt of the F-condition asset at the contractor's facility as reflected in the Action Date entry in the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) system. In accordance with the CAV Statement of Work, the contractor is required to accurately report all transactions by the end of the fifth regular business day after receipt and the Action Date entered in CAV must be dated to reflect the actual date of physical receipt. The contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTAT established in the contract. 1. Requested RTAT: 365 Days 2. Proposals shall reference the proposed RTAT and any capacity constraints. 5. Price Reductions - Any asset for which the contractor does not meet the required RTAT will incur a price reduction of (TBD Price) per unit. This adjustment will be implemented via a Reduction Modification at the end of contract performance. Price reductions made pursuant to this section shall not limit other remedies available to the Government for failure to meet required RTATs, including but not limited to the Government's right to terminate for default. 6. If requirement will be packaged at a location different from the Offeror's address, the Offeror shall provide the Company Name, Street Address and CAGE of the Packaging Facility. 7. If the Offeror is not the Original End Manufacturer(OEM) of the material called out in the requirement, the OEM must be stated (Company Name and CAGE) and the Offeror must be able to provide a signed letter of authorization to perform repairs from the OEM on the company's letterhead. 8. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce method such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 9. The contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTAT established in the resulting contract. 10. Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be DO certified for national defense under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). Provision 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense, Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use, shall be inserted in solicitations when the contract to be awarded will be a rated order. 11. This order will be issued under Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA) N0010425GCQ01. All terms and conditions of the BOA apply. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture or refurbishment and the contract quality requirements for the COMPRESSOR . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Refurbished Material - This item must be inspected and where necessary, refurbished to be in accordance with CAGE ;28953; , drawing ;D3084; ,and the applicable SUBMEPP Repair Instruction ;R.I. 5515-012-1126 Rev D Chg 3 (CSD479); , except as amplified or modified herein. 3.1.1 Parts that are replaced during refurbishment must be in accordance with this TDP (Technical Data Package) and the SUBMEPP Repair Instruction.

3.2 Contract Support Library - Additional requirements for this item are identified as Contract Support Library Reference Number ;CSD479, CSD474, CSD475, CSD476, CSD477 and CSD478; in ECDS at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS - NOT APPLICABLE. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking must be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. 5.1.1 Additional Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking requirements are included in the referenced Refurbishment Instruction or Procurement Specification from SUBMEPP. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176052430
  - Email: KATHRYN.E.SHUTT.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4488a26a5a5f45ada0519c77db3350b7/view)