---
layout: default
title: Packing and Crating Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 91bb207e3ba144e8b568572e5d3ff2a1
---

# Packing and Crating Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 09:36:16.649-04
- Solicitation Number: FA483026Q0016

## Summary

Amendment 1- Unlocked visibility for attachment 4 Pricing Schedule Worksheet This is a solicitation for commercial service prepared in accordance with the (IAW) format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) part 12, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. [IAW FAR 52.232-18, Availability of Funds. The Government intends to award this service; however, funds are not presently available for this contract. The Government's obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer.] Requirement Title: Packing and Crating Services Solicitation Number: FA483026Q0016 Solicitation Issue Date: April 3rd 2026 Response Deadline: May 3rd 2026, at 12:00 PM EST Point(s) of Contact: Erica T Johnson - erica.johnson.18@us.af.mil, 1st Lt Nasir Smith – Nasir.smith.1@us.af.mil Alternate POC: 1st Lt Nasir Smith – Nasir.smith.1@us.af.mil Contracting Officer: Erica T Johnson - erica.johnson.18@us.af.mil, All Offerors must be registered on the System for Award Management (SAM.gov) database to be eligible for a Department of Defense contract award. All responsible sources that submit a timely quotation shall be considered by the agency. Registration requires applicants to have a Unique Entity ID (UEI) from SAM.gov. Registration may take up to several weeks to process. Recommend registering immediately to be eligible for timely award. All prospective Offerors must go to http://www.sam.gov/ to add or update their Representations and Certifications record. Section II. Description The solicitation number for this procurement is FA483026Q0016 and it is issued as an RFQ. The 23D Contracting Squadron is soliciting for a Packing and Crating Services Requirement for the 23d LRS/LGRDF squadron located at Moody AFB. This acquisition is set aside 100% for Small Business concerns All quotations will be evaluated according to the evaluation criteria stated in the solicitation and award will be made to the [lowest priced technically acceptable (LPTA)] offeror. The Government intends to evaluate quotes and award a contract without negotiations with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial quote should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct negotiations, if necessary. 5. All References to "offer" or "offeror" in the clauses and provisions incorporated below are deemed to have the meaning of "quotation" and "quoter" respectively. Any quotation received in response to this RFQ is not binding until the contractor either signs the purchase order issued at the time of award or starts performance. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through: Federal Acquisition Circular Effective 10/01/25 Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Public Notice Effective 11/10/25 Department of the Air Force Federal Acquisition Circular Effective 12/16/24 5. IAW FAR 52.219-1, the North American Industry Classification System Co/de (NAICS) and the small business size standard for this procurement is [488991] with a small business size standard of $[34] million. The Federal Supply Classification code for this requirement is [V003]. Section III. Requirment Information 1. Description: Moody AFB is seeking capable vendors to fulfil the Packing & Crating Services Requirement for the 23d LRS/LGRDF squadron located at Moody AFB. Provide all personnel, equipment, facilities, supplies, supervision, transportation services, and materials necessary to prepare and support the shipment and/or storage of personal property for Department of Defense (DoD) personnel under the Direct Procurement Method (DPM). All Work MUST Be completed IAW the PWS. The contracting officer intends to award one Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) as a result of this solicitation. All work shall comply with the Defense Transportation Regulation (DTR) Part IV-Personal Property, applicable provisions of the Joint Travel Regulations (JTR) and all directives issued by the Military Surface Deployment and Distribution Command (SDDC) and Moody AFB Personal Property Office. Primary Area(s) of Performance: The majority of services will be performed within the following counties in Georgia (GA) and Florida (FL): Zone 1: Berrien, Brooks, Cook, Clinch, Echols, Lanier, Lowndes (GA) Zone 2: Atkinson, Ben Hill, Coffee, Colquitt, Irwin, Tift, Thomas, Ware (GA) Zone 3: Hamilton, Jefferson, Lafayette, Madison, Suwannee, Taylor (FL) Capacity Requirement: Before committing resources to non-Government requirements, the contractor must be able to meet Government requirements of at least 200 Net Hundred Weight (NCWT) per day. The Government’s maximum daily order limit will not exceed 600 NCWT, with a minimum order size of 1.0 pound. Services may include, but are not limited to, the following DPM support requirements for HHG and Unaccompanied Baggage (UB) shipments (local, inbound, and outbound), as applicable: Pre-move survey (physical inspection or telephone survey; coordinate date/time with customer; coordinate schedule changes with ordering officer) Weighing (gross/tare/net using properly certified scales; reweigh services when ordered; submission of certified weight tickets) Time requirements (availability to receive orders 0800–1700 Mon–Fri, excluding federal holidays; compliance with pickup/delivery completion windows and suspension/return rules) Preparation, packing, loading, and containerization of personal property for CONUS and OCONUS movements; protection from elements and theft; ability to provide required additional services when necessary (e.g., shuttle, extra labor, third-party reassembly when authorized) Tagging, inventorying, and packing lists (accurate descriptive inventory; exceptions/locations symbols; PRO-GEAR handling; firearm inventory requirements; required copy distribution and placement of documents in Container No. 1) Appliance servicing and unservicing IAW manufacturer specifications Containers and vehicles (use of Government-Owned Containers (GOCs) when available; compliance with ASTM/SDDC/USDA WPM/ISPM-15 requirements; safe and sound vehicle condition) Marking exterior containers and Military Shipping Labels (MSL), including stenciling requirements and obliteration of old markings Storage (facility storage requirements, identification, handling-in/elevation rules, storage start rules, on-hand reporting, and delivery timelines) Inbound delivery, unloading, and unpacking (clearing sheet submission to JPPSO; unpacking/debris removal unless waived in writing; one-time placement and reassembly) Claims support / FRV liability in accordance with DTR Part IV Appendix G and PWS requirements Documentation and reporting (PPGBL/BL, TCMD, outsize air cargo report when applicable, weekly/monthly reports, SDS/QASP metrics, and CDRL submissions) Facilities: Contractor facilities must meet DTR 4500.9-R, Part IV, Appendix D requirements and are subject to initial and periodic inspection. Insurance Requirements: The contractor must maintain required liability coverage (to include Workers’ Compensation, General Liability, and Auto Liability) and provide cargo insurance with minimum coverage of $50,000 per shipment, A-rated carrier, and 30-day cancellation notice provisions. Security/Access Requirements: Contractor personnel must be able to maintain, at minimum: Tier 1 Investigation (T1/NACI) Antiterrorism (AT) Level I training (initial within 30 days of access and annually thereafter) Compliance with Moody AFB installation access and vehicle requirements Decentralized Ordering: Individual orders will be issued on a decentralized basis by the ordering officer/transportation officer (not by the 23 CONS). Orders are funded and authorized at the task/delivery order level. Records of orders are managed by the ordering officer and/or COR at Moody AFB. Invoicing / Electronic Payment Requirements: Payment requests are submitted electronically via U.S. Bank Syncada Third Party Payment System, including the required invoice elements listed in the PWS. All work shall be in strict compliance with the specification of the contract and the [Performance Work Statement (PWS) Attachment 1. 2. Period of Performance: The period of performance shall be for: 5 Year Ordering Period Beginning Sept 17th 2026 3. Place of Delivery/Performance/Acceptance/FOB Point: The majority of services will be performed within the following counties in Georgia (GA) and Florida (FL): Zone 1: Berrien, Brooks, Cook, Clinch, Echols, Lanier, Lowndes (GA) Zone 2: Atkinson, Ben Hill, Coffee, Colquitt, Irwin, Tift, Thomas, Ware (GA) Zone 3: Hamilton, Jefferson, Lafayette, Madison, Suwannee, Taylor (FL) 4. Site Visit: A site visit will not be held. 5. Questions and Answers Submission Deadline: [12:00 PM EST on May 3rd 2026] Questions submitted after this date may not be answered. Instructions: All questions must be emailed to the POCs via Questions and Answers (Attachment 6). Answers to all questions will be posted to SAM.gov through an amendment to the solicitation. Interested vendors are responsible for monitoring the solicitation for amendments and updates. Section IV. Instructions to Offerors FAR provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. General Information. This section of the instructions to offerors prescribes the format of the quotation and describes the approach for the development and presentation of quotation data. The instructions are designed to ensure the submission of necessary information to provide for the understanding and comprehensive evaluation of the quotation. Include only information that is relevant to this requirement. Offerors shall assume that the Government has no prior knowledge of their facilities and experience and will base its evaluation on the information presented in the Offeror’s quotation. Carefully review this section and its relationship to FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation prior to commencing quotation preparation. All solicitation amendments must be acknowledged. Exceptions to Terms and Conditions. Offerors must clearly identify any exception to Solicitation terms and conditions and provide accompanying rationale. Quotations shall contain the following information: RFQ Number; Time Specified for Receipt of Quotation; Name, Address, and Telephone Number of Offeror; Small Business Statue and any socioeconomic categories of Offeror; System for Award Management (SAM) UEI Number and CAGE Code; Name and Email address of Representative authorized to discuss quote; Any Discount Terms; and Acknowledgement of all Solicitation Amendments (if applicable). Completed Compliance with Contract Insurance. Period for Acceptance of Offerors. The Offeror agrees to hold the price in its quote firm for ninety (90) calendar days from the date specified for receipt of quotations unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. Multiple Offers. Multiple offers will not be accepted nor evaluated. Alternative line items will not be accepted nor evaluated. Quotation Format. The quotation shall be submitted in “bookmarked” Adobe (.pdf) format. A page is defined as 8 ½” x 11” one face of a sheet of paper containing information and excludes such things as blank pages, title pages, and tables of contents. All material must be contained within the page limits identified for each volume. The pricing portion shall be on Pricing Schedule Worksheet (See attachment #4) in Microsoft Excel format. Quotation Structure. The composition of each quotation shall be such that extensive searching throughout the document is not required to locate and evaluate any area. Total page count will be determined by the number of printed pages. The quotation shall contain sufficient information to enable evaluators to make complete analyses of the quotations. The offer shall consist of the following separate volumes: Volume I – Price Quotation/Contract Documents – Submit one (1) copy Volume II – Technical Quotation - Submit one (1) copy Volume III – Past Performance Information - Submit one (1) copy Quotation Organization. Offerors shall submit three (3) separate volumes as follows: Volume 1: Price and Other Contracting Considerations No overall page limit unless otherwise indicated. Cover page- 1 Page Max Section A- SF 1449 & SF 30 Section K- Representations and Certifications Attachment 5, Certificate of Compliance with Insurance Requirement- 1 Page Max Summary Pages- 2 Pages Max Attachment 4, Price Schedule Times New Roman, size 12 Volume 2: Technical 35 Pages Max; *see breakout below Table of Contents - 1 Page Max (does not count towards total page count) Times New Roman, size 12 Volume 3: Past Performance (PP) 8 Page Max Table of Contents- 1 Page Max (does not count towards total page count) Summary Pages- 2 Pages Max Attachment 7: PP Information- 6 Pages Max Times New Roman, size 12 Offeror shall submit all volumes in electronic format. If files are compressed or password protected, the necessary decompression utility or password must be provided. It is the Offeror's responsibility to ensure the necessary items are provided. The electronic copies of the quotation shall be submitted in a "bookmarked" PDF format readable by Adobe Acrobat. The pricing Schedule shall remain in Excel format. Response Time. Quotations will be accepted electronically no later than 12:00 PM EST on May 3rd , 2026. Quotations will only be accepted electronically. Offeror(s) is responsible for submitting a quotation in response to this solicitation which shall include completed the Certificate of Compliance with Insurance Requirement form (Attachment 5). The subject line of the email shall contain the solicitation number (FA483026Q0016) and your company name. It is the responsibility of the Offeror to ensure that the quote, and all required attachments, are received by all solicitation POCs prior to the close date and time of the solicitation. Amendments must be acknowledged in writing, or the quote may be ineligible for evaluation and award. It is the Offeror's responsibility to check SAM.gov for amendments issued against this solicitation and respond; accordingly, otherwise, quotations will not be accepted. Quotes and all attachments must be received in the following POCs email addresses: Erica T Johnson - erica.johnson.18@us.af.mil, 1st Lt Nasir Smith – Nasir.smith.1@us.af.mil. Quotes that are received late (i.e. after the date and time shown in the preceding sentence), incomplete, or at any location other than the e-mail box identified in the previous sentence will be considered to be late and will not be evaluated by the Government. E- mail transmission is not instantaneous and delays in transmission may occur anywhere along the route. The Government takes no responsibility for any delays in the transmission of an e-mail quote. VOLUME 1: PRICE and OTHER CONTRACTING CONSIDERATIONS A. Volume 1 Organization. The Price and Other Contracting Considerations Volume shall be organized according to the following general outline: Cover Page Section A- Solicitation/Contract Standard Form 1449 Section I- Contract Clauses Section K- Representations and Certifications Attachment 3, Certificate of Compliance with Insurance Requirement Summary Page(s) Pricing Schedule, Attachment 4 B. Offerors are to utilize Attachment 4 - Pricing Schedule Worksheet. Ensure a dollar value is entered, with the decimal rounded to the nearest hundredth, two decimal places. NOTE: Wage Determination, dated 12/03/2025, at Attachment 6, applies. The "UNIT PRICE", multiplied by the "QUANTITY" and the total, rounded to the nearest hundredth, entered under "AMOUNT", as seen in the following example: Table 2. Pricing Example Item CLIN 0001 Description [Packing, Containerization, and Local Drayage of Direct Procurement Method (DPM) Personal Property Shipments. Complete the attached Pricing Schedule based off the Estimated Quantities listed in column C of Attachment 4. Contractors will be expected conform to the standards spelled out in the Performance Work Statement (PWS). Qty 1 Price Complete & Return Pricing Schedule C. Summary Page(s). To aid the Government's understanding, describe how the proposed price is reasonable and matches the proposed technical approach to meet the requirement. The summary Page(s) shall not exceed two (2) pages. Other Contracting Considerations. Cover Page. The Offeror shall provide the official company/division street address, CAGE code as reflected in the System for Award Management (SAM) registration. Section A - Solicitation SF 1449 and all Amendments SF 30. Offerors are required to complete blocks 12, 17a, 30a, 30b, and 30c of the SF 1449 and blocks 15A, 15B, and 15C of SF 30. An official having the authority to bind the Offeror's company contractually shall wet or digitally sign and date the SF 1449 and all amendments. By submission of the quotation, the Offeror agrees to all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, as written in the RFQ. Section I - Contract Clauses. The Offeror shall complete and submit any applicable clause requiring information to be filled in. Section K - Representations and Certifications. The Offeror shall complete the online Representations and Certifications at SAM (https://www.sam.gov). Certificate of Compliance with Insurance Requirement, Attachment 5. Responsibility Determination. IAW FAR 9.104-5, the Offeror is required to comply with the submission regarding FAR 52.209-5, Certification Regarding Responsibility Matters found on SAM.gov. Since it is the Government's intent to make an award without negotiations IAW FAR 52.215-1, the Government may request an Offeror to submit additional information so a responsibility determination can be made. This request for additional information will not be construed as negotiations with an Offeror. An incomplete quote may be considered to indicate lack of understanding of the requirement and may result in the entire quote being determined "Unacceptable" and eliminated from further consideration. Alternate Quotations. Alternate quotations will not be accepted. Incurred Expenses. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred or associated with preparation and submission of a quotation in response to this solicitation. NO OFFEROR WILL BE COMPENSATED FOR SUBMITTING A QUOTATION. VOLUME 2: TECHNICAL A. Volume 2 Organization. Technical Volume shall be organized according to the following general outline: Table of Contents Subfactor 1. Technical Approach Subfactor 2. Phase-In/Transition Plan The Offeror shall submit a technical approach that clearly demonstrates a complete and realistic plan to meet the requirements IAW the PWS/SOW (See Attachment 1). Legibility, clarity, and coherence are very important. VOLUME 3: PAST PERFORMANCE A. Volume Organization. The Past Performance Volume shall be organized according to the following general outline: Table of Contents Summary Page(s) Past Performance Information (PPI) Summary Page(s). Describe the role of the Offeror and each subcontractor, teaming partner, and/or joint venture partner for whom the Offeror is required to provide PPI Sheets. The Summary Page(s) shall not exceed two (2) pages. Past Performance Information (PPI). Utilizing the PPI Sheet (Attachment 7), submit accurate information on a maximum of three (3) recent contracts with the federal, state and/or local government. The Government may collect additional references from other sources during the evaluation of past performance. It is the Offeror's responsibility to ensure the POC information provided in the PPI is accurate, is available, and is knowledgeable of the performance provided under that contract. In order to meet the definition of recency as defined in Addendum to FAR 52.212-2, contract performance of at least one (1) year in length and within the last five (5) years from the date of the issuance of this solicitation. The quality assessment will consist of an evaluation of the PPI, Past Performance Questionnaire (PPQ) responses (PPQ, Attachment 8) and CPARS information. It may include interviews with Government customers or other sources known to the Government. The quality assessment may result in positive or adverse findings. As soon as practicable, Offerors shall complete Section I of the PPQ (Attachment 8) and email it to all POC(s) the Offeror has identified in the PPI (Attachment 7). The POC(s) will then complete the PPQ and send them directly to the Government representatives identified in the PPQ by e-mail, no later than the quote due date stated in SF 1449 Section A, Block 8 of this RFQ. Offerors should follow up with respondents to ensure they have completed the PPQ and sent them to Contracting POCs. Once submitted, the information contained therein shall be considered sensitive and shall not be released to the Offeror. Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of quotes. It is the responsibility of the Offeror to ensure that the quote, and all required attachments, are received electronically via email by all solicitation POCs prior to the close date and time of the solicitation. Any quote, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of quotes is “late” and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late quotes would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful quote that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that quotes cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of quotes by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of quotes will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. Offerors may withdraw their quotes by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. Contract award. The Government intends to evaluate quotes and award a contract without negotiations with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial quote should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct negotiations, if necessary. A written notice of the award will be furnished to the successful Offeror. Both the Offeror and Government shall sign to make the contract binding. Award Notice. A written award notice will be provided to each unsuccessful offeror within three (3) days of award. The Contracting Officer has discretion on how the award notice is provided to unsuccessful offerors. The award notice content will be IAW 15.207-2(b). Debriefing. Offerors may request a post award debriefing by submitting a written request for the debriefing to the Contracting Officer within three (3) days after receipt of the award notice. Such offerors must be debriefed IAW 15.301-1. (End of Provision) Section V. Evaluation FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. The Government intends to award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose solicitation response conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, and judged to represent the best value to the Government based on the following factors: A. Evaluation Factors (in order of importance): Price Technical Acceptability Past Performance The Government is utilizing the Best Value Continuum, Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) source selection process. All technically acceptable quotes with an acceptable past performance rating shall be treated equally except for their prices. Failure to meet a requirement may result in an offeror being determined technically unacceptable. By submission of its quote, the offeror accedes to all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, representations, and certifications. The Government intends to award a single, Firm-Fixed Price contract as a result of this solicitation to an Offeror who is deemed to be responsible in accordance with FAR subpart 9.1 and as supplemented.]- B. Evaluation Approach. Step 1: All Offerors will be evaluated for responsiveness. Responsiveness is determined by verifying compliance with FAR 52.212-1 and its addendum. Step 2: All responsive Offerors will be ordered, by price, from the lowest to the highest Total Evaluated Price (TEP). Offerors are required to use Attachment 4, Pricing Schedule Worksheet to calculate the TEP. The TEP is comprised of the total contract value. Pricing for evaluation purposes will be determined by taking the "amount" of the contract value. Step 3: Technical evaluations will start with the lowest TEP quote and continue until two (2) quotes are determined to be technically acceptable, or until all quotation responses have been evaluated. Step 4: The quotation responses determined to be technically acceptable will then be evaluated for past performance until two (2) technically acceptable quotation responses have been determined to have acceptable past performance. Steps three (3) and four (4) will continue until two (2) quotation responses have been determined acceptable in both technical and past performance, or until all quotation responses have been evaluated. Step 5: The Government will make a determination of price fair and reasonable. Volume I. Pricing Evaluation. The Government will evaluate quotes for award purposes based on their TEP. The Government may determine that a solicitation response is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). Initially, solicitation responses shall be ordered from lowest to highest TEP, as previously defined. For evaluation purposes, FAR 52.217-5, Evaluation of Options will be evaluated and applied to this evaluation. To evaluate the impact of clause FAR 52.217-8, the pricing proposed for option four (4) will be utilized to calculate a six (6) month extension price. Evaluation of options will not obligate the government to exercise the option(s). The TEP will be evaluated to determine whether it is reasonable. In instances where an Offeror's proposed price(s) appears exceptionally low, offerors may be requested to address this disparity by providing evidence of their capability and/or performance at similar price(s). The burden of proof as to price credibility rests with the offeror. An exceptionally or unrealistically low quote that's left unexplained may pose an unacceptable risk to the Government and may be a reason to reject an offeror's solicitation response. The Government anticipates adequate price competition and intends to award a single, Firm-Fixed Price contract without communicating with respective Offerors. The Government, however, reserves the right to communicate if deemed in its best interest. Volume II. Technical Evaluation. To be rated as technically acceptable, the offeror’s quote must demonstrate a clear understanding of all requirements in the PWS/SOW. Quotation meets the requirements of the solicitation.- Acceptable Quotation does not meet the requirement of the solicitation.- Unacceptable An overall technical rating will be assigned; failure to be assigned an acceptable rating in any technical categories will render the entire technical volume unacceptable and, therefore, ineligible for award. Only those solicitation responses determined to be technically acceptable, either initially or as a result of communication, will be considered for award. However, the Offeror is reminded that the government reserves the right to award this effort based on the initial solicitation response, as received, without communication, and may conduct negotiations with all, some, or none of the Offerors. Table. Instructions to Offerors State what is listed in FAR 52.212-1 Evaluation Criteria Measure of Merit: state how the Offeror will be evaluated. Instructions to Offerors Subfactor 1. Technical Approach. Technical Approach - Shall clearly explain how the Offeror intends to ensure successful contract performance IAW the PWS. Solicitation responses shall provide convincing rationale addressing how the technical portion of the proposal meets solicitation requirements. Subfactor 2. Offeror shall submit a proposed Phase-In/Transition Plan (PWS 15) that addresses the offeror's proposed approach for transitioning into the facility. The plan shall address the offeror's proposed strategy for ensuring a smooth transition. Evaluation Criteria Effectively and sufficiently details and summarizes the offeror's technical approach in ensuring performance per the PWS and solicitation requirements. The standard is met when the conditions accurately describe performance in accordance with the PWS. The offeror's proposed Phase-In/Transition Plan and Overall Staffing Approach provides a comprehensive and sound approach for transitioning the services and carrying out the services for the duration of the contract period. Volume III. Past Performance: The Offeror's past performance efforts will be assessed in three categories: Recency, Relevancy, and Performance Quality. The Government will only evaluate Performance Quality on past efforts that are determined to be both recent and relevant. Past performance will be evaluated on an Acceptable/Unacceptable scale as defined in Table below. Definition Based on the Offeror's performance record, the Government has a reasonable expectation that the Offeror will successfully perform the required effort, or the Offeror's performance record is unknown. - Acceptable Based on the Offeror's performance record, the Government has no reasonable expectation that the Offeror will be able to successfully perform the required effort.- Unacceptable Recency Assessment. An assessment of the PPI, Attachment 7 will be made to determine if it is recent. To meet the definition of recency, contract performance of at least one (1) year in length and within the last five (5) years from the date of the issuance of this solicitation. Relevancy Assessment. The Government will conduct an evaluation of recent performance information obtained to determine how closely the services performed relate to the Scope/Complexity, Magnitude, Contract Type and Contract Environment of efforts described in this solicitation. Relevancy definitions are provided in Table 7 below. Performance Quality Assessment. The government will determine how well the offeror performed on past contracts that are both recent and relevant, and, based on an integrated assessment, assign a rating of "Acceptable" or "Unacceptable" as described. In the case of an Offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available or so sparse that no meaningful past performance rating can be reasonably assigned, the Offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance IAW FAR15.202(c)(1). Therefore, the Offeror shall be determined to have unknown past performance. Unknown or neutral past performance, in the context of acceptability/unacceptability, a neutral rating shall be considered acceptable. Attachment List Attachment 1 PWS Attachment 2 TPPS Notice and Class Deviation Attachment 3 Wage Determination Attachment 4 Pricing Schedule Wor...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Erica T. Johnson
  - Email: Erica.Johnson.18@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2292573546
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: 1st Lt. Nasir Smith
  - Email: nasir.smith.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2292573226

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Pricing Schedule Worksheet This is a solicitation for commercial service prepared in accordance with the (IAW) format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) part 12, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. [IAW FAR 52.232-18, Availability of Funds. The Government intends to award this service; however, funds are not presently available for this contract. The Government"s obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer.] Requirement Title: Packing and Crating Services Solicitation Number: FA483026Q0016 Solicitation Issue Date: April 3rd 2026 Response Deadline: May 3rd 2026, at 12:00 PM EST Point(s) of Contact: Erica T Johnson - erica.johnson.18@us.af.mil, 1st Lt Nasir Smith – Nasir.smith.1@us.af.mil Alternate POC: 1st Lt Nasir Smith – Nasir.smith.1@us.af.mil Contracting Officer: Erica T Johnson - erica.johnson.18@us.af.mil, All Offerors must be registered on the System for Award Management (SAM.gov) database to be eligible for a Department of Defense contract award. All responsible sources that submit a timely quotation shall be considered by the agency. Registration requires applicants to have a Unique Entity ID (UEI) from SAM.gov. Registration may take up to several weeks to process. Recommend registering immediately to be eligible for timely award. All prospective Offerors must go to http://www.sam.gov/ to add or update their Representations and Certifications record. Section II. Description The solicitation number for this procurement is FA483026Q0016 and it is issued as an RFQ. The 23D Contracting Squadron is soliciting for a Packing and Crating Services Requirement for the 23d LRS/LGRDF squadron located at Moody AFB. This acquisition is set aside 100% for Small Business concerns All quotations will be evaluated according to the evaluation criteria stated in the solicitation and award will be made to the [lowest priced technically acceptable (LPTA)] offeror. The Government intends to evaluate quotes and award a contract without negotiations with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial quote should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct negotiations, if necessary. 5. All References to "offer" or "offeror" in the clauses and provisions incorporated below are deemed to have the meaning of "quotation" and "quoter" respectively. Any quotation received in response to this RFQ is not binding until the contractor either signs the purchase order issued at the time of award or starts performance. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through: Federal Acquisition Circular Effective 10/01/25 Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Public Notice Effective 11/10/25 Department of the Air Force Federal Acquisition Circular Effective 12/16/24 5. IAW FAR 52.219-1, the North American Industry Classification System Co/de (NAICS) and the small business size standard for this procurement is [488991] with a small business size standard of $[34] million. The Federal Supply Classification code for this requirement is [V003]. Section III. Requirment Information 1. Description: Moody AFB is seeking capable vendors to fulfil the Packing & Crating Services Requirement for the 23d LRS/LGRDF squadron located at Moody AFB. Provide all personnel, equipment, facilities, supplies, supervision, transportation services, and materials necessary to prepare and support the shipment and/or storage of personal property for Department of Defense (DoD) personnel under the Direct Procurement Method (DPM). All Work MUST Be completed IAW the PWS. The contracting officer intends to award one Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) as a result of this solicitation. All work shall comply with the Defense Transportation Regulation (DTR) Part IV-Personal Property, applicable provisions of the Joint Travel Regulations (JTR) and all directives issued by the Military Surface Deployment and Distribution Command (SDDC) and Moody AFB Personal Property Office. Primary Area(s) of Performance: The majority of services will be performed within the following counties in Georgia (GA) and Florida (FL): Zone 1: Berrien, Brooks, Cook, Clinch, Echols, Lanier, Lowndes (GA) Zone 2: Atkinson, Ben Hill, Coffee, Colquitt, Irwin, Tift, Thomas, Ware (GA) Zone 3: Hamilton, Jefferson, Lafayette, Madison, Suwannee, Taylor (FL) Capacity Requirement: Before committing resources to non-Government requirements, the contractor must be able to meet Government requirements of at least 200 Net Hundred Weight (NCWT) per day. The Government’s maximum daily order limit will not exceed 600 NCWT, with a minimum order size of 1.0 pound. Services may include, but are not limited to, the following DPM support requirements for HHG and Unaccompanied Baggage (UB) shipments (local, inbound, and outbound), as applicable: Pre-move survey (physical inspection or telephone survey; coordinate date/time with customer; coordinate schedule changes with ordering officer) Weighing (gross/tare/net using properly certified scales; reweigh services when ordered; submission of certified weight tickets) Time requirements (availability to receive orders 0800–1700 Mon–Fri, excluding federal holidays; compliance with pickup/delivery completion windows and suspension/return rules) Preparation, packing, loading, and containerization of personal property for CONUS and OCONUS movements; protection from elements and theft; ability to provide required additional services when necessary (e.g., shuttle, extra labor, third-party reassembly when authorized) Tagging, inventorying, and packing lists (accurate descriptive inventory; exceptions/locations symbols; PRO-GEAR handling; firearm inventory requirements; required copy distribution and placement of documents in Container No. 1) Appliance servicing and unservicing IAW manufacturer specifications Containers and vehicles (use of Government-Owned Containers (GOCs) when available; compliance with ASTM/SDDC/USDA WPM/ISPM-15 requirements; safe and sound vehicle condition) Marking exterior containers and Military Shipping Labels (MSL), including stenciling requirements and obliteration of old markings Storage (facility storage requirements, identification, handling-in/elevation rules, storage start rules, on-hand reporting, and delivery timelines) Inbound delivery, unloading, and unpacking (clearing sheet submission to JPPSO; unpacking/debris removal unless waived in writing; one-time placement and reassembly) Claims support / FRV liability in accordance with DTR Part IV Appendix G and PWS requirements Documentation and reporting (PPGBL/BL, TCMD, outsize air cargo report when applicable, weekly/monthly reports, SDS/QASP metrics, and CDRL submissions) Facilities: Contractor facilities must meet DTR 4500.9-R, Part IV, Appendix D requirements and are subject to initial and periodic inspection. Insurance Requirements: The contractor must maintain required liability coverage (to include Workers’ Compensation, General Liability, and Auto Liability) and provide cargo insurance with minimum coverage of $50,000 per shipment, A-rated carrier, and 30-day cancellation notice provisions. Security/Access Requirements: Contractor personnel must be able to maintain, at minimum: Tier 1 Investigation (T1/NACI) Antiterrorism (AT) Level I training (initial within 30 days of access and annually thereafter) Compliance with Moody AFB installation access and vehicle requirements Decentralized Ordering: Individual orders will be issued on a decentralized basis by the ordering officer/transportation officer (not by the 23 CONS). Orders are funded and authorized at the task/delivery order level. Records of orders are managed by the ordering officer and/or COR at Moody AFB. Invoicing / Electronic Payment Requirements: Payment requests are submitted electronically via U.S. Bank Syncada Third Party Payment System, including the required invoice elements listed in the PWS. All work shall be in strict compliance with the specification of the contract and the [Performance Work Statement (PWS) Attachment 1. 2. Period of Performance: The period of performance shall be for: 5 Year Ordering Period Beginning Sept 17th 2026 3. Place of Delivery/Performance/Acceptance/FOB Point: The majority of services will be performed within the following counties in Georgia (GA) and Florida (FL): Zone 1: Berrien, Brooks, Cook, Clinch, Echols, Lanier, Lowndes (GA) Zone 2: Atkinson, Ben Hill, Coffee, Colquitt, Irwin, Tift, Thomas, Ware (GA) Zone 3: Hamilton, Jefferson, Lafayette, Madison, Suwannee, Taylor (FL) 4. Site Visit: A site visit will not be held. 5. Questions and Answers Submission Deadline: [12:00 PM EST on May 3rd 2026] Questions submitted after this date may not be answered. Instructions: All questions must be emailed to the POCs via Questions and Answers (Attachment 6). Answers to all questions will be posted to SAM.gov through an amendment to the solicitation. Interested vendors are responsible for monitoring the solicitation for amendments and updates. Section IV. Instructions to Offerors FAR provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. General Information. This section of the instructions to offerors prescribes the format of the quotation and describes the approach for the development and presentation of quotation data. The instructions are designed to ensure the submission of necessary information to provide for the understanding and comprehensive evaluation of the quotation. Include only information that is relevant to this requirement. Offerors shall assume that the Government has no prior knowledge of their facilities and experience and will base its evaluation on the information presented in the Offeror’s quotation. Carefully review this section and its relationship to FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation prior to commencing quotation preparation. All solicitation amendments must be acknowledged. Exceptions to Terms and Conditions. Offerors must clearly identify any exception to Solicitation terms and conditions and provide accompanying rationale. Quotations shall contain the following information: RFQ Number; Time Specified for Receipt of Quotation; Name, Address, and Telephone Number of Offeror; Small Business Statue and any socioeconomic categories of Offeror; System for Award Management (SAM) UEI Number and CAGE Code; Name and Email address of Representative authorized to discuss quote; Any Discount Terms; and Acknowledgement of all Solicitation Amendments (if applicable). Completed Compliance with Contract Insurance. Period for Acceptance of Offerors. The Offeror agrees to hold the price in its quote firm for ninety (90) calendar days from the date specified for receipt of quotations unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. Multiple Offers. Multiple offers will not be accepted nor evaluated. Alternative line items will not be accepted nor evaluated. Quotation Format. The quotation shall be submitted in “bookmarked” Adobe (.pdf) format. A page is defined as 8 ½” x 11” one face of a sheet of paper containing information and excludes such things as blank pages, title pages, and tables of contents. All material must be contained within the page limits identified for each volume. The pricing portion shall be on Pricing Schedule Worksheet (See attachment #4) in Microsoft Excel format. Quotation Structure. The composition of each quotation shall be such that extensive searching throughout the document is not required to locate and evaluate any area. Total page count will be determined by the number of printed pages. The quotation shall contain sufficient information to enable evaluators to make complete analyses of the quotations. The offer shall consist of the following separate volumes: Volume I – Price Quotation/Contract Documents – Submit one (1) copy Volume II – Technical Quotation - Submit one (1) copy Volume III – Past Performance Information - Submit one (1) copy Quotation Organization. Offerors shall submit three (3) separate volumes as follows: Volume 1: Price and Other Contracting Considerations No overall page limit unless otherwise indicated. Cover page- 1 Page Max Section A- SF 1449 & SF 30 Section K- Representations and Certifications Attachment 5, Certificate of Compliance with Insurance Requirement- 1 Page Max Summary Pages- 2 Pages Max Attachment 4, Price Schedule Times New Roman, size 12 Volume 2: Technical 35 Pages Max; *see breakout below Table of Contents - 1 Page Max (does not count towards total page count) Times New Roman, size 12 Volume 3: Past Performance (PP) 8 Page Max Table of Contents- 1 Page Max (does not count towards total page count) Summary Pages- 2 Pages Max Attachment 7: PP Information- 6 Pages Max Times New Roman, size 12 Offeror shall submit all volumes in electronic format. If files are compressed or password protected, the necessary decompression utility or password must be provided. It is the Offeror"s responsibility to ensure the necessary items are provided. The electronic copies of the quotation shall be submitted in a "bookmarked" PDF format readable by Adobe Acrobat. The pricing Schedule shall remain in Excel format. Response Time. Quotations will be accepted electronically no later than 12:00 PM EST on May 3rd , 2026. Quotations will only be accepted electronically. Offeror(s) is responsible for submitting a quotation in response to this solicitation which shall include completed the Certificate of Compliance with Insurance Requirement form (Attachment 5). The subject line of the email shall contain the solicitation number (FA483026Q0016) and your company name. It is the responsibility of the Offeror to ensure that the quote, and all required attachments, are received by all solicitation POCs prior to the close date and time of the solicitation. Amendments must be acknowledged in writing, or the quote may be ineligible for evaluation and award. It is the Offeror"s responsibility to check SAM.gov for amendments issued against this solicitation and respond; accordingly, otherwise, quotations will not be accepted. Quotes and all attachments must be received in the following POCs email addresses: Erica T Johnson - erica.johnson.18@us.af.mil, 1st Lt Nasir Smith – Nasir.smith.1@us.af.mil. Quotes that are received late (i.e. after the date and time shown in the preceding sentence), incomplete, or at any location other than the e-mail box identified in the previous sentence will be considered to be late and will not be evaluated by the Government. E- mail transmission is not instantaneous and delays in transmission may occur anywhere along the route. The Government takes no responsibility for any delays in the transmission of an e-mail quote. VOLUME 1: PRICE and OTHER CONTRACTING CONSIDERATIONS A. Volume 1 Organization. The Price and Other Contracting Considerations Volume shall be organized according to the following general outline: Cover Page Section A- Solicitation/Contract Standard Form 1449 Section I- Contract Clauses Section K- Representations and Certifications Attachment 3, Certificate of Compliance with Insurance Requirement Summary Page(s) Pricing Schedule, Attachment 4 B. Offerors are to utilize Attachment 4 - Pricing Schedule Worksheet. Ensure a dollar value is entered, with the decimal rounded to the nearest hundredth, two decimal places. NOTE: Wage Determination, dated 12/03/2025, at Attachment 6, applies. The "UNIT PRICE", multiplied by the "QUANTITY" and the total, rounded to the nearest hundredth, entered under "AMOUNT", as seen in the following example: Table 2. Pricing Example Item CLIN 0001 Description [Packing, Containerization, and Local Drayage of Direct Procurement Method (DPM) Personal Property Shipments. Complete the attached Pricing Schedule based off the Estimated Quantities listed in column C of Attachment 4. Contractors will be expected conform to the standards spelled out in the Performance Work Statement (PWS). Qty 1 Price Complete & Return Pricing Schedule C. Summary Page(s). To aid the Government"s understanding, describe how the proposed price is reasonable and matches the proposed technical approach to meet the requirement. The summary Page(s) shall not exceed two (2) pages. Other Contracting Considerations. Cover Page. The Offeror shall provide the official company/division street address, CAGE code as reflected in the System for Award Management (SAM) registration. Section A - Solicitation SF 1449 and all Amendments SF 30. Offerors are required to complete blocks 12, 17a, 30a, 30b, and 30c of the SF 1449 and blocks 15A, 15B, and 15C of SF 30. An official having the authority to bind the Offeror"s company contractually shall wet or digitally sign and date the SF 1449 and all amendments. By submission of the quotation, the Offeror agrees to all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, as written in the RFQ. Section I - Contract Clauses. The Offeror shall complete and submit any applicable clause requiring information to be filled in. Section K - Representations and Certifications. The Offeror shall complete the online Representations and Certifications at SAM (https://www.sam.gov). Certificate of Compliance with Insurance Requirement, Attachment 5. Responsibility Determination. IAW FAR 9.104-5, the Offeror is required to comply with the submission regarding FAR 52.209-5, Certification Regarding Responsibility Matters found on SAM.gov. Since it is the Government"s intent to make an award without negotiations IAW FAR 52.215-1, the Government may request an Offeror to submit additional information so a responsibility determination can be made. This request for additional information will not be construed as negotiations with an Offeror. An incomplete quote may be considered to indicate lack of understanding of the requirement and may result in the entire quote being determined "Unacceptable" and eliminated from further consideration. Alternate Quotations. Alternate quotations will not be accepted. Incurred Expenses. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred or associated with preparation and submission of a quotation in response to this solicitation. NO OFFEROR WILL BE COMPENSATED FOR SUBMITTING A QUOTATION. VOLUME 2: TECHNICAL A. Volume 2 Organization. Technical Volume shall be organized according to the following general outline: Table of Contents Subfactor 1. Technical Approach Subfactor 2. Phase-In/Transition Plan The Offeror shall submit a technical approach that clearly demonstrates a complete and realistic plan to meet the requirements IAW the PWS/SOW (See Attachment 1). Legibility, clarity, and coherence are very important. VOLUME 3: PAST PERFORMANCE A. Volume Organization. The Past Performance Volume shall be organized according to the following general outline: Table of Contents Summary Page(s) Past Performance Information (PPI) Summary Page(s). Describe the role of the Offeror and each subcontractor, teaming partner, and/or joint venture partner for whom the Offeror is required to provide PPI Sheets. The Summary Page(s) shall not exceed two (2) pages. Past Performance Information (PPI). Utilizing the PPI Sheet (Attachment 7), submit accurate information on a maximum of three (3) recent contracts with the federal, state and/or local government. The Government may collect additional references from other sources during the evaluation of past performance. It is the Offeror"s responsibility to ensure the POC information provided in the PPI is accurate, is available, and is knowledgeable of the performance provided under that contract. In order to meet the definition of recency as defined in Addendum to FAR 52.212-2, contract performance of at least one (1) year in length and within the last five (5) years from the date of the issuance of this solicitation. The quality assessment will consist of an evaluation of the PPI, Past Performance Questionnaire (PPQ) responses (PPQ, Attachment 8) and CPARS information. It may include interviews with Government customers or other sources known to the Government. The quality assessment may result in positive or adverse findings. As soon as practicable, Offerors shall complete Section I of the PPQ (Attachment 8) and email it to all POC(s) the Offeror has identified in the PPI (Attachment 7). The POC(s) will then complete the PPQ and send them directly to the Government representatives identified in the PPQ by e-mail, no later than the quote due date stated in SF 1449 Section A, Block 8 of this RFQ. Offerors should follow up with respondents to ensure they have completed the PPQ and sent them to Contracting POCs. Once submitted, the information contained therein shall be considered sensitive and shall not be released to the Offeror. Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of quotes. It is the responsibility of the Offeror to ensure that the quote, and all required attachments, are received electronically via email by all solicitation POCs prior to the close date and time of the solicitation. Any quote, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of quotes is “late” and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late quotes would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful quote that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that quotes cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of quotes by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of quotes will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. Offerors may withdraw their quotes by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. Contract award. The Government intends to evaluate quotes and award a contract without negotiations with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial quote should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct negotiations, if necessary. A written notice of the award will be furnished to the successful Offeror. Both the Offeror and Government shall sign to make the contract binding. Award Notice. A written award notice will be provided to each unsuccessful offeror within three (3) days of award. The Contracting Officer has discretion on how the award notice is provided to unsuccessful offerors. The award notice content will be IAW 15.207-2(b). Debriefing. Offerors may request a post award debriefing by submitting a written request for the debriefing to the Contracting Officer within three (3) days after receipt of the award notice. Such offerors must be debriefed IAW 15.301-1. (End of Provision) Section V. Evaluation FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. The Government intends to award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose solicitation response conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, and judged to represent the best value to the Government based on the following factors: A. Evaluation Factors (in order of importance): Price Technical Acceptability Past Performance The Government is utilizing the Best Value Continuum, Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) source selection process. All technically acceptable quotes with an acceptable past performance rating shall be treated equally except for their prices. Failure to meet a requirement may result in an offeror being determined technically unacceptable. By submission of its quote, the offeror accedes to all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, representations, and certifications. The Government intends to award a single, Firm-Fixed Price contract as a result of this solicitation to an Offeror who is deemed to be responsible in accordance with FAR subpart 9.1 and as supplemented.]- B. Evaluation Approach. Step 1: All Offerors will be evaluated for responsiveness. Responsiveness is determined by verifying compliance with FAR 52.212-1 and its addendum. Step 2: All responsive Offerors will be ordered, by price, from the lowest to the highest Total Evaluated Price (TEP). Offerors are required to use Attachment 4, Pricing Schedule Worksheet to calculate the TEP. The TEP is comprised of the total contract value. Pricing for evaluation purposes will be determined by taking the "amount" of the contract value. Step 3: Technical evaluations will start with the lowest TEP quote and continue until two (2) quotes are determined to be technically acceptable, or until all quotation responses have been evaluated. Step 4: The quotation responses determined to be technically acceptable will then be evaluated for past performance until two (2) technically acceptable quotation responses have been determined to have acceptable past performance. Steps three (3) and four (4) will continue until two (2) quotation responses have been determined acceptable in both technical and past performance, or until all quotation responses have been evaluated. Step 5: The Government will make a determination of price fair and reasonable. Volume I. Pricing Evaluation. The Government will evaluate quotes for award purposes based on their TEP. The Government may determine that a solicitation response is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). Initially, solicitation responses shall be ordered from lowest to highest TEP, as previously defined. For evaluation purposes, FAR 52.217-5, Evaluation of Options will be evaluated and applied to this evaluation. To evaluate the impact of clause FAR 52.217-8, the pricing proposed for option four (4) will be utilized to calculate a six (6) month extension price. Evaluation of options will not obligate the government to exercise the option(s). The TEP will be evaluated to determine whether it is reasonable. In instances where an Offeror"s proposed price(s) appears exceptionally low, offerors may be requested to address this disparity by providing evidence of their capability and/or performance at similar price(s). The burden of proof as to price credibility rests with the offeror. An exceptionally or unrealistically low quote that"s left unexplained may pose an unacceptable risk to the Government and may be a reason to reject an offeror"s solicitation response. The Government anticipates adequate price competition and intends to award a single, Firm-Fixed Price contract without communicating with respective Offerors. The Government, however, reserves the right to communicate if deemed in its best interest. Volume II. Technical Evaluation. To be rated as technically acceptable, the offeror’s quote must demonstrate a clear understanding of all requirements in the PWS/SOW. Quotation meets the requirements of the solicitation.- Acceptable Quotation does not meet the requirement of the solicitation.- Unacceptable An overall technical rating will be assigned; failure to be assigned an acceptable rating in any technical categories will render the entire technical volume unacceptable and, therefore, ineligible for award. Only those solicitation responses determined to be technically acceptable, either initially or as a result of communication, will be considered for award. However, the Offeror is reminded that the government reserves the right to award this effort based on the initial solicitation response, as received, without communication, and may conduct negotiations with all, some, or none of the Offerors. Table. Instructions to Offerors State what is listed in FAR 52.212-1 Evaluation Criteria Measure of Merit: state how the Offeror will be evaluated. Instructions to Offerors Subfactor 1. Technical Approach. Technical Approach - Shall clearly explain how the Offeror intends to ensure successful contract performance IAW the PWS. Solicitation responses shall provide convincing rationale addressing how the technical portion of the proposal meets solicitation requirements. Subfactor 2. Offeror shall submit a proposed Phase-In/Transition Plan (PWS 15) that addresses the offeror"s proposed approach for transitioning into the facility. The plan shall address the offeror"s proposed strategy for ensuring a smooth transition. Evaluation Criteria Effectively and sufficiently details and summarizes the offeror"s technical approach in ensuring performance per the PWS and solicitation requirements. The standard is met when the conditions accurately describe performance in accordance with the PWS. The offeror"s proposed Phase-In/Transition Plan and Overall Staffing Approach provides a comprehensive and sound approach for transitioning the services and carrying out the services for the duration of the contract period. Volume III. Past Performance: The Offeror"s past performance efforts will be assessed in three categories: Recency, Relevancy, and Performance Quality. The Government will only evaluate Performance Quality on past efforts that are determined to be both recent and relevant. Past performance will be evaluated on an Acceptable/Unacceptable scale as defined in Table below. Definition Based on the Offeror"s performance record, the Government has a reasonable expectation that the Offeror will successfully perform the required effort, or the Offeror"s performance record is unknown. - Acceptable Based on the Offeror"s performance record, the Government has no reasonable expectation that the Offeror will be able to successfully perform the required effort.- Unacceptable Recency Assessment. An assessment of the PPI, Attachment 7 will be made to determine if it is recent. To meet the definition of recency, contract performance of at least one (1) year in length and within the last five (5) years from the date of the issuance of this solicitation. Relevancy Assessment. The Government will conduct an evaluation of recent performance information obtained to determine how closely the services performed relate to the Scope/Complexity, Magnitude, Contract Type and Contract Environment of efforts described in this solicitation. Relevancy definitions are provided in Table 7 below. Performance Quality Assessment. The government will determine how well the offeror performed on past contracts that are both recent and relevant, and, based on an integrated assessment, assign a rating of "Acceptable" or "Unacceptable" as described. In the case of an Offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available or so sparse that no meaningful past performance rating can be reasonably assigned, the Offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance IAW FAR15.202(c)(1). Therefore, the Offeror shall be determined to have unknown past performance. Unknown or neutral past performance, in the context of acceptability/unacceptability, a neutral rating shall be considered acceptable. Attachment List Attachment 1 PWS Attachment 2 TPPS Notice and Class Deviation Attachment 3 Wage Determination Attachment 4 Pricing Schedule Wor

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/91bb207e3ba144e8b568572e5d3ff2a1/view)