---
layout: default
title: IT Telecommunications
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 29f0dbca71e242e18aad14ce05f76545
---

# IT Telecommunications

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 09:39:39.877-04
- Solicitation Number: N0018926PR

## Summary

Request for Information (RFI)/Sources Sought Notice: This is a Request for Information (RFI)/Sources Sought Notice in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.215-3 – Request for Information or Solicitation for Planning Purposes (OCT 1997). It constitutes neither a Request for Proposal nor an Invitation for Bid. It does not restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach. This RFI/Sources Sought Notice IS NOT A SOLICITATION or an expression of intent to issue a solicitation of any kind in the future. It should not be construed as a commitment by the Government for any purpose other than to gain the information requested. Interested parties are encouraged to respond to this RFI/Sources Sought Notice. The Government will not pay for information, materials, and/or demonstrations received in response and is in no way obligated to respondents by or for any information received. REQUIREMENT: This is a non-personal services contract to provide maintenance and technical support services for all BellSouth Telecommunications, Inc. d/b/a AT&T Southeast (herein after referred to as AT&T) telecommunications cabling infrastructure at NASP Complex, Pensacola, Florida previously referred to as CESL-177. The Government will not exercise any supervision or control over the contract service providers performing the services herein. Such contract service providers shall be accountable solely to the Contractor who, in turn is responsible to the Government. The anticipated contract type is a Firm, Fixed Price. The purpose of this contract is to provide maintenance support to telecommunications voice and data circuits beyond the established demarcation sites. Contract scope includes resolving troubles, and providing repairs and maintenance services for the base telecommunications cabling infrastructure The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for this requirement is 517111 – Wired Telecommunication (PSC) is DG01- IT and Telecom. Again, THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. This is a market research tool. The input provided will help the Navy ascertain the interest, capability, and capacity of potential businesses both small and large. If you are an interested business, FLCN would appreciate your assistance in providing a Statement of Capabilities to include the following: 1) Full business name 2) Cage code and Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) 3) Name, phone number, and e-mail address of a company representative the Government may contact for additional information 4) Size of business [based on the applicable NAICS code]: Large Business, Small Business, Small Disadvantaged, 8(a), HubZone, Woman-owned, Service Disabled Veteran-Owned, or other category 5) Statement as to whether business is actively registered in the System for Award Management (www.sam.gov) 6) Statement as to whether business is domestically or foreign owned (if foreign owned, please indicate country of ownership) 7) Recent and relevant experience. Describe ability to support the scope of the requirement(s) of sections of the Performance Work Statement. Include brief description(s) of any prior experiences that best illustrates your company’s qualifications related to performing the services in accordance with the PWS. Provide a Capability statement displaying the vendor’s ability to provide the required services, to include past performance information. If past performance information is provided, please include only relevant past performance on the same/similar work within the last five (5) years. This relevant past performance information should identify the applicable contract number; total contract dollar amount; capacity performed (Prime or Sub); contract period of performance; description of the relevant services provided AND the relevancy of the services to the proposed requirement; and a customer point of contact with corresponding telephone number and e-mail address. Vendors possessing the requisite skills, resources and capabilities necessary to perform the stated requirements are invited to respond to this source sought notice/request for information via the submission of an executive summary. VENDORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO PROVIDE A RESPONSE. Submissions are not to exceed four (4) type written pages in no less than 12 font size. NOTE: Standard brochures and/or paraphrasing of the contents of this announcement will not be considered sufficient to demonstrate the capabilities of an interested party. In addition to the executive summary, industry feedback to the draft PWS is requested – all comments/ideas will be considered, although any questions/comments/ideas may not be responded to directly. The goal of such feedback is to consider suggestions that might enhance competition, improve the clarity of the requirement, leverage industry expertise or any other ideas that could result in an improved product. If there is sufficient demonstrated interest and capability among small business contractors, a key factor in determining if an acquisition will be a small business set-aside is that two or more potential small business prime contractors must be capable of performing at least 50% of the effort, as defined in FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting. If it is determined that a small business set-aside is appropriate, and your company anticipates submitting a proposal as the prime contractor for a small business set-aside, please provide specific details and rationale as to how compliance with FAR 52.219-14 would be achieved, including specific details regarding teaming arrangements, etc. If subcontracts are to be used, provide anticipated percentage of effort to be subcontracted and whether small or large businesses will be used. If this effort is not set-aside for small business, small business utilization will be considered. Large and small businesses should provide a reasonable expectation for small business utilization as a percent of total contract value as well as supporting rationale for the recommended percentage. **Submissions are to be no more than 4 pages and no less than 12 point font. ** Responses should be emailed to christopher.d.whaiteside.civ@us.navy.mil and sarah.e.walsh25.civ@us.navy.mil by Wednesday, 25 March 2025 at 10AM. All requests for further information must be made in writing via email. Telephone requests for additional information will not be honored. All questions and answers regarding this RFI/Sources Sought Notice will be posted as updates to this notice. Disclaimer: Proprietary information should be clearly marked. This is not a contract, request for proposal, a promise to contract or a commitment of any kind on the part of the Government. The Navy will not assume liability for costs incurred by an attendee or for travel expenses or marketing efforts; therefore, attendee cost in response to this notice is not considered an allowable direct charge to the Government. Respondents will not be notified of the results.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sarah Walsh
  - Email: sarah.e.walsh25.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7036736571
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Christopher Whiteside
  - Email: christopher.d.whiteside2.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7574430780

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/29f0dbca71e242e18aad14ce05f76545/view)