---
layout: default
title: CNC/WELDING PROGRAMS for FCC Terre Haute
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: ed52f36eb6bd4f17a2fae8871208fdd3
---

# CNC/WELDING PROGRAMS for FCC Terre Haute

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 10:59:48.708-04
- Solicitation Number: 15B41826Q00000017

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.2, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is RFQ15B41826Q00000017 and it is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). The requirement will be solicited on an Unrestricted basis. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 611210, Junior Colleges and the size standard is $33 million. The Federal Bureau of Prisons, Federal Correctional Complex (FCC) Terre Haute located in Terre Haute, Indiana intends to establish a single award, indefinite-delivery, requirements type contract with firm-fixed unit pricing for Welding and Computer Numeric Control (CNC) programs for the inmate population incarcerated at the Federal Correctional Complex (FCC) Terre Haute located in Terre Haute, Indiana. Information regarding the Bureau of Prisons (BOP) and its facilities can be located at www.bop.gov. A description of the services required is attached to this posting and labeled as Attachment II – Welding- Statement of Work and Attachment III-(CNC)- Statement of Work. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through (RFO) Revolutionary FAR Overhaul. CONTRACT CLAUSES: 52.252-2 - Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998). This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a FAR clause may be accessed electronically at this address: www.acquisition.gov/far. Full text copies of Justice Acquisition Regulation (JAR) clauses or BOP clauses may be requested in writing from the Contracting Officer. 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items (Nov 2023) with addendum to incorporate the additional clauses listed below into this solicitation and any resulting contract. 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (JAN 2011). 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications (DEC 2014). 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations. (Nov 2015) 52.222-3 Convict Labor. (June 2003) 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans. (Jun 2020) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. (Jun 2020) 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans. (Jun 2020) 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts). (Aug 2018) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons. (Oct 2025) 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services. (May 2024) 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving. (MAY 2024) 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management. (Oct 2018) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payment to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023). 52.233-3 Protest after Award. (Aug 1996) 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim. (Oct 2004) The following clauses will be incorporated into a resultant contract in full text and/ or with applicable fill-in information as noted: 52.209-6 Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (Jan 2025) 52.216-18 Ordering (Aug 2020) - (a) from the first day of the effective performance period through the last day of the effective performance period. 52.216-20 Definite Quantity. (Oct 1995)- (d) after the last day of the effective performance period. 52.216-21 Requirements (OCT 1995) - (f) after the last day of the effective performance period. 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) prior to the expiration of the current performance period. 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (MAR 2000) - (a) prior to expiration of the current performance period; 60 days; (c) but excluding the exercise of any option under the clause at 52.217-8 which is also incorporated into this contract, shall not exceed five (5) years. 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns. (Jan 2025) 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies. (Mar 2026) 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification. (Jan 2025) 52.232-19 Availability of Funds for the Next Fiscal Year. (Apr 1984) Fiscal year 2026 DOJ-01 Whistleblower Information Distribution (OCT 2021) DOJ-02 Contractor Privacy Requirements (JAN 2022) DOJ-03 Personnel security requirements for contractor employees (NOV 2021) DOJ-05 Security of Department Information and systems (OCT 2023) DOJ-08 Continuing Contract performance during a Pandemic or other National Emergency (OCT 2007) Type of Contract: A resultant contract will be an indefinite delivery/requirements type contract with firm-fixed pricing. It is anticipated that contract award(s) resulting from this solicitation will be made in April 2026 with an effective date of award of May 1, 2016. The estimates of Students is not a representation to an offeror or contractor that the estimated quantity will be required or ordered or that conditions affecting requirements will be stable or normal. Performance Period: The periods of performance of the resulting contract shall be Base Year - Effective Date of Award (EDOA) thru 12 months; Option Year 1 - 13 months from EDOA thru 24 months; Option Year 2 - 25 months from EDOA thru 36 months; Option Year 3 - 37 months from EDOA thru 48 months; Option Year 4 - 49 months from EDOA thru 60 months. Ordering Official: Task orders may be issued only by the Contract Specialist or a warranted procurement official from the Contract Administration Office at FCC Terre Haute. Orders may be issued orally, faxed, electronically, or via mail. Non-personal services: A resultant contract will be a non-personal services contract, as defined in FAR 37.101, under which the contractor is an independent contractor. Award of a contract does not constitute an employer/employee relationship. The contractor will not be subject to Government supervision; however, contractor performance shall be closely monitored to ensure contract compliance. Pricing Methodology: The contract rate for service will be on a per Student basis. Pricing shall be inclusive of all charges (i.e., wages, insurance, overhead, profit, etc.). Please note that there will be minimal processing time required to enter the institution that should be reflected in the price quoted. SOLICITATION PROVISIONS: 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) This solicitation incorporates one or more provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a FAR clause may be accessed electronically at this address: www.acquisition.gov/far. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Items (SEPT 2023) tailored to delete paragraphs at d, h, and i, as they have been determined to be non-applicable to this solicitation. Paragraph c has been changed to 60 days. The additional provisions listed below are incorporated into this solicitation via addendum to this provision. All references to "Offer" and "Offeror" are changed to "Quote" and "Quoter" respectively. 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. See Evaluation and award methodology. 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions. (SEPT 2024) 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation. (JAN 2017) 52.204-7 System for Award Management. (NOV 2024) 52.209-7 Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (OCT 2018) 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (OCT 2025) 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990) Evaluation and Award Methodology: This acquisition will be procured in accordance with RFO Part 12 - Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services. In addition to price, quoters must demonstrate technical capability and successful past performance history. Pursuant to FAR 12.602(c), an award decision will be made to the responsible contractor whose quote is most advantageous and represents the best value to the Government based on price, technical capability, and past performance. Pursuant to FAR 17.203(b), the Government's evaluation shall be inclusive of options. Pursuant to FAR 17.203(d), quoters may offer varying prices for options, depending on the quantities actually ordered and the dates when ordered. The estimated quantity of service required is not a representation to a quoter that the estimated quantities will be required or ordered, or that conditions affecting requirements will remain stable or normal. Quoters are advised that the Contracting Officer will verify registration in the System for Award Management database (www.sam.gov) prior to award of any contract, by entering the potential awardee UEI number into the database. Failure to complete a registration record may result in elimination from consideration for award. If you have questions about the System for Award Management (SAM), Government procurements in general, or need assistance in the preparation of your quote, a local Procurement Technical Assistance Center (PTAC) may be able to help. The Procurement Technical Assistance Program was authorized by Congress in 1985 in an effort to expand the number of businesses capable of participating in the Government marketplace. To locate a PTAC near you, go to http://www.aptac-us.org. Quoters are further advised to mark each individual item within their quote considered privileged or confidential under the Freedom of Information Act with notification that the data is considered confidential and privileged and not subject to mandatory disclosure under the FOIA. SUBMISSION OF QUOTATIONS: On letterhead or business stationary, the following information must be submitted. Failure to provide required information may result in your quote not being considered. (1) Contractor’s SAMS. GOV UEI Number. (2) Completed copy of Attachment I – Contract Pricing/Schedule of Items. (3) Quotes must provide documentary evidence of accreditation. Quote Submission Information: Quotes must be sent to C1livingston@bop.gov. no later than 11:00AM EST time on Thursday, April 30th, 2026. Include the following in your subject line: Quote submitted in response to RFQ 15B41826Q00000017. Quotes must include all required information. Questions regarding this requirement may be directed to Carl Livingston, Contract Specialist at C1livingston@bop.gov. Please submit all questions no later than Thursday, April 30th, 2026.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: CARL LIVINGSTON
  - Email: c1livingston@bop.gov
  - Phone: 8122444476
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: RICHARD MOOTHERY
  - Email: RMOOTHERY@BOP.GOV
  - Phone: 8122444475

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Welding- Statement of Work and Attachment III-(CNC)- Statement of Work. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through (RFO) Revolutionary FAR Overhaul. CONTRACT CLAUSES: 52.252-2 - Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998). This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a FAR clause may be accessed electronically at this address: www.acquisition.gov/far. Full text copies of Justice Acquisition Regulation (JAR) clauses or BOP clauses may be requested in writing from the Contracting Officer. 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Items (Nov 2023) with addendum to incorporate the additional clauses listed below into this solicitation and any resulting contract. 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (JAN 2011). 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications (DEC 2014). 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations. (Nov 2015) 52.222-3 Convict Labor. (June 2003) 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans. (Jun 2020) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. (Jun 2020) 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans. (Jun 2020) 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts). (Aug 2018) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons. (Oct 2025) 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services. (May 2024) 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving. (MAY 2024) 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management. (Oct 2018) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payment to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023). 52.233-3 Protest after Award. (Aug 1996) 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim. (Oct 2004) The following clauses will be incorporated into a resultant contract in full text and/ or with applicable fill-in information as noted: 52.209-6 Protecting the Government"s Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (Jan 2025) 52.216-18 Ordering (Aug 2020) - (a) from the first day of the effective performance period through the last day of the effective performance period. 52.216-20 Definite Quantity. (Oct 1995)- (d) after the last day of the effective performance period. 52.216-21 Requirements (OCT 1995) - (f) after the last day of the effective performance period. 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) prior to the expiration of the current performance period. 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (MAR 2000) - (a) prior to expiration of the current performance period; 60 days; (c) but excluding the exercise of any option under the clause at 52.217-8 which is also incorporated into this contract, shall not exceed five (5) years. 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns. (Jan 2025) 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies. (Mar 2026) 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification. (Jan 2025) 52.232-19 Availability of Funds for the Next Fiscal Year. (Apr 1984) Fiscal year 2026 DOJ-01 Whistleblower Information Distribution (OCT 2021) DOJ-02 Contractor Privacy Requirements (JAN 2022) DOJ-03 Personnel security requirements for contractor employees (NOV 2021) DOJ-05 Security of Department Information and systems (OCT 2023) DOJ-08 Continuing Contract performance during a Pandemic or other National Emergency (OCT 2007) Type of Contract: A resultant contract will be an indefinite delivery/requirements type contract with firm-fixed pricing. It is anticipated that contract award(s) resulting from this solicitation will be made in April 2026 with an effective date of award of May 1, 2016. The estimates of Students is not a representation to an offeror or contractor that the estimated quantity will be required or ordered or that conditions affecting requirements will be stable or normal. Performance Period: The periods of performance of the resulting contract shall be Base Year - Effective Date of Award (EDOA) thru 12 months; Option Year 1 - 13 months from EDOA thru 24 months; Option Year 2 - 25 months from EDOA thru 36 months; Option Year 3 - 37 months from EDOA thru 48 months; Option Year 4 - 49 months from EDOA thru 60 months. Ordering Official: Task orders may be issued only by the Contract Specialist or a warranted procurement official from the Contract Administration Office at FCC Terre Haute. Orders may be issued orally, faxed, electronically, or via mail. Non-personal services: A resultant contract will be a non-personal services contract, as defined in FAR 37.101, under which the contractor is an independent contractor. Award of a contract does not constitute an employer/employee relationship. The contractor will not be subject to Government supervision; however, contractor performance shall be closely monitored to ensure contract compliance. Pricing Methodology: The contract rate for service will be on a per Student basis. Pricing shall be inclusive of all charges (i.e., wages, insurance, overhead, profit, etc.). Please note that there will be minimal processing time required to enter the institution that should be reflected in the price quoted. SOLICITATION PROVISIONS: 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) This solicitation incorporates one or more provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a FAR clause may be accessed electronically at this address: www.acquisition.gov/far. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Items (SEPT 2023) tailored to delete paragraphs at d, h, and i, as they have been determined to be non-applicable to this solicitation. Paragraph c has been changed to 60 days. The additional provisions listed below are incorporated into this solicitation via addendum to this provision. All references to "Offer" and "Offeror" are changed to "Quote" and "Quoter" respectively. 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. See Evaluation and award methodology. 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions. (SEPT 2024) 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation. (JAN 2017) 52.204-7 System for Award Management. (NOV 2024) 52.209-7 Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (OCT 2018) 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (OCT 2025) 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990) Evaluation and Award Methodology: This acquisition will be procured in accordance with RFO Part 12 - Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services. In addition to price, quoters must demonstrate technical capability and successful past performance history. Pursuant to FAR 12.602(c), an award decision will be made to the responsible contractor whose quote is most advantageous and represents the best value to the Government based on price, technical capability, and past performance. Pursuant to FAR 17.203(b), the Government"s evaluation shall be inclusive of options. Pursuant to FAR 17.203(d), quoters may offer varying prices for options, depending on the quantities actually ordered and the dates when ordered. The estimated quantity of service required is not a representation to a quoter that the estimated quantities will be required or ordered, or that conditions affecting requirements will remain stable or normal. Quoters are advised that the Contracting Officer will verify registration in the System for Award Management database (www.sam.gov) prior to award of any contract, by entering the potential awardee UEI number into the database. Failure to complete a registration record may result in elimination from consideration for award. If you have questions about the System for Award Management (SAM), Government procurements in general, or need assistance in the preparation of your quote, a local Procurement Technical Assistance Center (PTAC) may be able to help. The Procurement Technical Assistance Program was authorized by Congress in 1985 in an effort to expand the number of businesses capable of participating in the Government marketplace. To locate a PTAC near you, go to http://www.aptac-us.org. Quoters are further advised to mark each individual item within their quote considered privileged or confidential under the Freedom of Information Act with notification that the data is considered confidential and privileged and not subject to mandatory disclosure under the FOIA. SUBMISSION OF QUOTATIONS: On letterhead or business stationary, the following information must be submitted. Failure to provide required information may result in your quote not being considered. (1) Contractor’s SAMS. GOV UEI Number. (2) Completed copy of Attachment I – Contract Pricing/Schedule of Items. (3) Quotes must provide documentary evidence of accreditation. Quote Submission Information: Quotes must be sent to C1livingston@bop.gov. no later than 11:00AM EST time on Thursday, April 30th, 2026. Include the following in your subject line: Quote submitted in response to RFQ 15B41826Q00000017. Quotes must include all required information. Questions regarding this requirement may be directed to Carl Livingston, Contract Specialist at C1livingston@bop.gov. Please submit all questions no later than Thursday, April 30th, 2026

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ed52f36eb6bd4f17a2fae8871208fdd3/view)