---
layout: default
title: Amend - Replace Boiler in Building 221
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 840dff2af2f84f4294f5e1344449d059
---

# Amend - Replace Boiler in Building 221

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 14:25:10.445-04
- Solicitation Number: FA671226Q0001

## Summary

**** The purpose of amendment 0001 is to: 1. Provide all photos from the site visit, included as attachment 5. 2. Update the date RFIs are due to from Friday 13 March 2026 to Tuesday 17 March 2026 at 10:00am EDT. 3. Remove clauses FAR 52.228-13 and FAR 52.249-4. 4. Provide instructions for the submission of quotes: Offerors shall submit their quotes in response to this solicitation no later than the date and time found in Block 8 of the SF 1449. Late responses will be handled in accordance with FAR 52.212-1(f). Quotes may be submitted electronically via the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) Solicitation Module. Offerors are responsible for ensuring their quote is successfully uploaded before the deadline. **** The 911th Airlift Wing, Air Reserve Station (ARS) has a project to replace the boiler system in Building 221 in Coraopolis, PA. General Information: This project involves the removal of an existing boiler at Building 221 and its replacement with a two-boiler redundant system, as well as providing temporary heating for Building 221. The project scope includes the replacement of all hydronic piping, in mechanical room area, with associated equipment and insulation, as well as the demolition and replacement of the existing flue to ensure compatibility with the new boilers. It also requires disconnecting the existing gas piping, power, and control wiring, and the installation of new or replacement components for those systems. Modify concrete pad to accommodate new boilers. Additionally, temporary heating must be provided to maintain comfort for building occupants as well as provide for building protection during the boiler changeover. Supply and install a temporary heating system capable of maintaining a minimum temperature of 69 degrees Fahrenheit within the building during the boiler changeover. Provide all necessary fuel and operate the temporary heating system as needed. Monitor the system at least daily to ensure proper operation and safety. Solicitation FA671226Q0001 is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). The solicitation document, with the incorporated clauses and provisions, will be issued in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Parts 13 and 36 and will be incorporated in the awarded firm-fixed price contract. Interested vendors should reference the solicitation documents for all terms and conditions. All interested and eligible parties are responsible for monitoring this website to ensure they have the most current information (i.e. Amendments) for the solicitation. No paper solicitation will be available. Procurement is solicitation as a one hundred percent (100%) Small Business set-aside. The solicitation will result in a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) contract. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 238220 with a small business size standard of $19 Million. The magnitude of construction for this procurement is estimated to be between $250,000 and $500,000.Site Visit: An organized site visit will be held at the project location. See solicitation for details. In order to attend the site visit, you are required to pre-register. Attendance at the site visit will be limited to no more than two (2) representatives per company. The site visit will be held for the purpose of providing contractors with the opportunity to familiarize themselves with the site which may be helpful in the preparation of offers. Attendance at the site visit is not mandatory for offer submission; however, failure to visit the site will not relieve or mitigate the successful contractors responsibility and obligation to fully comply with the terms, conditions, and specifications contained and/or referenced in this document. Telephone requests for information will not be accepted or returned. In order to submit an offer on this project, your company must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) and maintain an active registration. Please see the attached solicitation and supporting documents.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Edward Midkiff
  - Email: edward.midkiff@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 4124748122

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . 2. Update the date RFIs are due to from Friday 13 March 2026 to Tuesday 17 March 2026 at 10:00am EDT. 3. Remove clauses FAR 52.228-13 and FAR 52.249-4. 4. Provide instructions for the submission of quotes: Offerors shall submit their quotes in response to this solicitation no later than the date and time found in Block 8 of the SF 1449. Late responses will be handled in accordance with FAR 52.212-1(f). Quotes may be submitted electronically via the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) Solicitation Module. Offerors are responsible for ensuring their quote is successfully uploaded before the deadline. **** The 911th Airlift Wing, Air Reserve Station (ARS) has a project to replace the boiler system in Building 221 in Coraopolis, PA. General Information: This project involves the removal of an existing boiler at Building 221 and its replacement with a two-boiler redundant system, as well as providing temporary heating for Building 221. The project scope includes the replacement of all hydronic piping, in mechanical room area, with associated equipment and insulation, as well as the demolition and replacement of the existing flue to ensure compatibility with the new boilers. It also requires disconnecting the existing gas piping, power, and control wiring, and the installation of new or replacement components for those systems. Modify concrete pad to accommodate new boilers. Additionally, temporary heating must be provided to maintain comfort for building occupants as well as provide for building protection during the boiler changeover. Supply and install a temporary heating system capable of maintaining a minimum temperature of 69 degrees Fahrenheit within the building during the boiler changeover. Provide all necessary fuel and operate the temporary heating system as needed. Monitor the system at least daily to ensure proper operation and safety. Solicitation FA671226Q0001 is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). The solicitation document, with the incorporated clauses and provisions, will be issued in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Parts 13 and 36 and will be incorporated in the awarded firm-fixed price contract. Interested vendors should reference the solicitation documents for all terms and conditions. All interested and eligible parties are responsible for monitoring this website to ensure they have the most current information (i.e. Amendments) for the solicitation. No paper solicitation will be available. Procurement is solicitation as a one hundred percent (100%) Small Business set-aside. The solicitation will result in a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) contract. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 238220 with a small business size standard of $19 Million. The magnitude of construction for this procurement is estimated to be between $250,000 and $500,000.Site Visit: An organized site visit will be held at the project location. See solicitation for details. In order to attend the site visit, you are required to pre-register. Attendance at the site visit will be limited to no more than two (2) representatives per company. The site visit will be held for the purpose of providing contractors with the opportunity to familiarize themselves with the site which may be helpful in the preparation of offers. Attendance at the site visit is not mandatory for offer submission; however, failure to visit the site will not relieve or mitigate the successful contractors responsibility and obligation to fully comply with the terms, conditions, and specifications contained and/or referenced in this document. Telephone requests for information will not be accepted or returned. In order to submit an offer on this project, your company must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) and maintain an active registration. Please see the attached solicitation and supporting documents

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/840dff2af2f84f4294f5e1344449d059/view)