---
layout: default
title: Y1PZ--823CM3024 Renovate Roads and FCA Corrections at Wood National Cemetery
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 8e05cfee3fff41099a90cae69a9617b9
---

# Y1PZ--823CM3024 Renovate Roads and FCA Corrections at Wood National Cemetery

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 14:43:55.924-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C78626B0006
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Solicitation Number: 36C78626B0006 Project Number: 823CM3024 Description: Renovate Roads and FCA Corrections at Wood National Cemetery This notice is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute a request for Bid, Proposal, or Quote. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), National Cemetery Administration (NCA) intends to issue solicitation number 36C78626B0006 entitled, Renovate Roads and FCA Corrections at Wood National Cemetery on or about April 15, 2026, unless additional notice is given, or this notice is modified or cancelled. Statement of Work: The construction contractor shall provide all labor, management, materials, tools, equipment, and services necessary to construct project number 823CM3024 per the Statement of Work, Specifications, Drawings, and related construction documents. Construction will take place at Wood National Cemetery, 5000 West National Avenue. Building 1301, Milwaukee, WI 53295-0001. Installation of all work shown on the plans and described in the specifications and defined in Bid Documents includes the following: CLIN 0001 BASE BID, GENERAL CONSTRUCTION: Installation of all work shown on the plans and described in the specifications and defined in Bid Documents. Includes the following: The scope of this project will rehabilitate cemetery road pavements, curbs, gutters and sidewalks at Wood National Cemetery, Wisconsin. Administered by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. Major scope items include construction of the following items as described in this Scope of Work (SOW) and included in construction documents: CLIN 0001, GENERAL CONSTRUCTION: Installation of all work shown on the plans as BASE BID and in accordance with the specifications. See sheet GC101 for all sheets associated with this bid item. CLIN 0002, GENERAL CONSTRUCTION: Installation of all work shown on the plans as BID OPTION 1 and in accordance with the specifications. See sheet GC101 for all sheets associated with this bid item. CLIN 0003, Installation of all work shown on the plans as BID OPTION 2 and in accordance with the specifications. See sheet GC101 for all sheets associated with this bid item. CLIN 0004, GENERAL CONSTRUCTION: Installation of all work shown on the plans as BID OPTION 3 and in accordance with the specifications. See sheet GC101 for all sheets associated with this bid item. All services performed by the contractor must adhere to National Cemetery Administration standards. Period of Performance The Contractor shall complete all work including submittals, reviews, quality control, repair/construction services, punch list corrections, clean up, invoicing and closeouts documentation submittal within 9 months or 270 calendar days from Government issuance of the Notice to Proceed. Place of Performance Department of Veterans Affairs National Cemetery Administration Wood National Cemetery 5000 West National Avenue. Building 1301 Milwaukee, WI 53295-0001. The Product Service Code (PSC) for this procurement is Y1PZ - Construction of Other Non-building Facilities. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement 237990 Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction, and the business size standard is $45.0 Million. The magnitude of construction for this project is Between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000 per FAR 36.204. The full Solicitation, Specifications, Drawings and related documents will be posted on Contract Opportunities on or about April 15, 2026, unless additional notice is given, or this notice is modified or cancelled at SAM.gov. The response submittal address, date and time will be included in the solicitation. This procurement is 100% Set-Aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns. Only verified SDVOSB firms are eligible to submit an offer or receive an award of a VA contract that is set-aside for SDVOSB in accordance with VAAR Part 819. A non-verified vendor that submits a bid or proposal will be rejected as non-responsive. Offers received from concerns that are not Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns shall not be considered. (See VAAR Clause 852.219-10 VA Notice of Total Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside.) To be eligible for award, the SDVOSB must be considered small under the relevant NAICS code and must be registered and verified in the following websites: those desiring to receive an award from this solicitation must be registered at https://search.certifications.sba.gov/. Companies must have the Certified Veteran Enterprise (CVE) seal on their registration to be considered for an award. The SBA database https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ will be checked both upon receipt of an offer and prior to award; firms must be currently registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at www.SAM.gov and have completed online Representations and Certifications prior to contract award. In accordance with VAAR 819.7003(b), at the time of submission of bids, and prior to award of any contracts, the offeror must represent to the Contracting Officer that it is (1) SDVOSB eligible under VAAR Subpart 819.70; (2) Small business concern under the NAICS code assigned to this acquisition; and (3) SDVOSB listed as verified in SBA database at https://search.certifications.sba.gov/. Interested bidders will be required to furnish a Bid Bond; and the awarded Contractor will be required to provide Performance and Payment Bonds if required. This presolicitation notice is not an invitation to submit a bid. The Contracting Officer and point of contact for this solicitation is Richard Adu at Richard.Adu@va.gov. Telephone requests will NOT be accepted. -End of Document-

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Richard Adu
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Richard.Adu@va.gov

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8e05cfee3fff41099a90cae69a9617b9/view