---
layout: default
title: DA01--FMBT Interface Development and Data Conversion - (new action) (VA-26-00061414)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: c44f3fc1a10648e8a26881f9cea6ed09
---

# DA01--FMBT Interface Development and Data Conversion - (new action) (VA-26-00061414)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-23 12:05:48.817-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10B26Q0375
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 5 of 5 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 5 DESCRIPTION Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Financial Management Support Services Office of Finance (OF), Office of Management (OM) Request for Information Introduction This Request for Information (RFI) is issued for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation nor does it restrict the government as to the ultimate acquisition approach. In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The purpose of this RFI is to identify qualified vendors, who are able to meet Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) requirements for Financial Management Support Services. Any contract/order that might be awarded based on information received or derived from this market research will be the outcome of the competitive process. The purpose of this RFI is to obtain market information on capable sources of supply, industry best practices, and input specific to the information provided. The Government is not responsible for any cost incurred by industry in furnishing this information. All costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the interested vendor's expense. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future Request for Proposal (RFP), if any is issued. Any information submitted by respondents to this RFI is strictly voluntary. All submissions will become Government property and will not be returned. Interested vendors are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. RFI Response Instructions NOTE: The capability package must be clear, concise, and complete. VA is under no obligation to provide feedback to the company, or to contact the company for clarification of any information submitted in response to this RFI. Provide the following information: Provide Company Information: Company Name CAGE/ Unique Entity ID (UEI) Number under which the company is registered in SAM.gov Company Address Point of contact name Telephone number Email address For small business concerns, indicate whether at least 50 percent of the total amount paid by the Government will be paid to firms that are similarly situated. Brief summary describing your company s technical approach to meeting the requirements in the attached Draft Performance Work Statement (PWS), to include; Does the draft PWS outline provide sufficient detail to describe the technical and functional requirements that encompass the requirement? If NO , please provide your technical and functional comments/recommendations/questions on elements of the draft outline that may contribute to a more accurate proposal submission and efficient, cost-effective effort. Describe in detail any experience with staffing and supporting an enterprise effort of this size and scope with the variety of management, administrative, and information technology skill sets required to fully support the complex requirements of this PWS. Include a description of your ability to: Provide staff with experience in VA domains to support multiple, concurrent deployments in dispersed geographic locations at any of the numerous VA sites across the United States on a timely basis. Rotate support as required to meet the requirements of a dynamic implementation schedule including ability to adapt to sudden changes in team sizes with ranges up to 50% increase and decrease with minimum notice. Support multiple face-to-face meetings on short notice across multiple FMBT Program Management Offices (PMOs) and governance boards primarily located in Washington DC and Austin, TX but also in various VA facilities around the country. Fully staff the requirements of this high visibility, fast moving project upon contract award. Describe your company s capability in providing knowledgeable technical experts in the areas of Momentum interface development and sustainment as well as Momentum Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) in the areas of; data conversion, data cleanse, web services, and Formimport. Describe your company s technical approach, using Agile development approach, on the following areas: Develop and implement synchronous, asynchronous and batch integrations within a Momentum technical environment Convert data from financial legacy systems, such as VA s FMS into Momentum, including detailed conversion process and steps taken to ensure data is maintained in both systems If your company is a Small Business, also include the following: The intent and ability to meet set-aside requirements for performance of this effort. Information as to available personnel and financial resources to support a requirement of this magnitude. Information as to proposed team members, the percentage of work each is to perform and which PWS requirements would be subcontracted. Responses to this RFI shall be submitted electronically by 10:00 AM Eastern Standard Time, May 5, 2026 via email the Technology Acquisition Center (TAC) point of contact Contract Specialist, Angel Santos, angel.santos2@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Kendra Casebolt, Kendra.Casebolt@va.gov. WARNING:Â Please do not wait until the last minute to submit your responses!Â To avoid submission of late responses, we recommend the transmission of your response file 24 hours prior to the required response due date and time.Â Please be advised that timeliness is determined by the date and time an Offeror s response is received by the Government not when an Offeror attempted transmission. Offerors are encouraged to review and ensure that sufficient bandwidth is available on their end of the transmission. All responsible sources may submit a response in accordance with the following: All proprietary/company confidential material shall be clearly marked on every page that contains such. Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB) and Veteran Owned Small Businesses (VOSB) must indicate whether at least 50% of the cost incurred would be expended for prime employees or employees of other eligible SDVOSB/VOSB firms. This should also include the prime planned percentage and if under 50%, the names of the potential team members that may be used to fulfill the 50% SDVOSB/VOSB requirement. No more than 10 pages (excluding transmittal page) VA will not be able to grant any extensions to this RFI.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Angel Santos
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Angel.Santos2@va.gov
  - Phone: 848-377-5096

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c44f3fc1a10648e8a26881f9cea6ed09/view)