---
layout: default
title: 15kV Switchgear & Station Service Replacement at Lake Tenkiller, OK
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: fc07f25c548d4fd0806083693005097f
---

# 15kV Switchgear & Station Service Replacement at Lake Tenkiller, OK

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-06 17:13:44.018-05
- Solicitation Number: W912BV26SS04

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT for 15kV Switchgear & Station Service Replacement at Lake Tenkiller, OK This is a SOURCES SOUGHT announcement; a market survey for information only, to be used for preliminary acquisition planning purposes. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS AND NO CONTRACT WILL BE AWARDED FROM THIS SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this sources sought announcement or any follow up information requests. Respondents will be notified of the sources sought evaluation results upon request. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) – Tulsa District (SWT) is conducting market research for anticipated design-bid-build contract. The type of set-aside decision(s) to be issued will depend upon the responses to this sources sought announcement and associated market research. The purpose of this Sources Sought is to gain knowledge of the interest, capabilities and relevant experience of all business size standards to provide construction for work assigned to USACE Southwestern Division (SWD) as well as USACE national initiatives, international, & interagency support. The Government must ensure there is adequate interest and competition among the potential pool of responsible firms. Interested Small Business, Section 8(a), Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUBZone), Economically Disadvantaged Woman Owned Small Business, Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) Concern, and Large Business are highly encouraged to respond to the sources sought. The work includes Replace the three existing 15kV switchgear lineups for the generator breakers and station service transformer feeder breakers. Removal of existing 500 kVA, 13.8 kV/480V station service transformer Removal of existing 15 kV switchgear and breakers located beneath control room Removal of 480V station service switchgear in control room Removal of the existing 15kV cables to the switchyard Removal of existing potheads for the 15kV cable transition to switchyard bus Removal of the existing asbestos cable trays containing 15kV cables in cable tunnel Installation of new 15kV cables to the switchyard Installation of new potheads for the 15kV cable transition to switchyard bus Installation of new cable trays containing the new 15kV cables in cable tunnel Installation of front accessible double-ended 480V switchgear beneath control room with feeder circuit breakers Installation of 15kV switchgear with new vacuum circuit breakers and redundant 500 kVA 13.8kV/480V, high-resistance grounded wye station service transformers Reconfiguration of project diesel generator to wye-grounded with high-resistance grounding resistor. New control and annunciation wiring for new 480V and 15kV switchgear where existing cables are not reused. Modifications to protective relay settings and new protection relays for the new station service feeders. Automatic transfer functionality for the 480V switchgear main & tie breakers, along with local arc flash mitigation switches. Replacement and relocation of existing Lighting Transformer In accordance with FAR 36 and DFARS 236, the estimated construction price range for this project is between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) Code for this procurement is 238210, Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors, which has a small business size standard of $19M. Small Business firms are reminded under FAR 52.219-14(e)(4). Limitations on Subcontracting, that at least 15 percent of the cost of contract performance incurred for personnel shall be expended for employees of the concern. Small Businesses are reminded under FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting that a firm will not pay more than 85% of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count toward the 85% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Large Businesses must comply with the FAR 52.219-9 by submitting a Small Business Subcontracting Plan should this action be solicited as Full and Open Competition and an award is made to a large business firm. Anticipated solicitation issuance date is on or about 30 May 2026, and the estimated proposal due date will be on or about 30 June 2026, The official synopsis citing the solicitation number will be issued on http://sam.gov, inviting firms to register electronically to receive a copy of the solicitation when it is issued. Note that Firms must be registered in the System of Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for award of Government contracts. Firm’s response to this Synopsis shall be limited to 5 pages and shall include the following information: Firm’s name, address, point of contact, phone number, and e-mail address. Firm’s interest in bidding on the solicitation when it is issued. Firm’s capability to perform the magnitude and complexity outlined in the Scope of Work above (include firm’s capability to execute construction- comparable work performed within the past 5 years): Brief description of the project, customer name, timeliness of performance, and dollar value of the project) – provide at least 3 examples. Firm’s Business Size – LB, SB, 8(a), HUBZone, SDVOSB, or WOSB. Firm’s Joint Ventures (existing), including Mentor Protégés and teaming arrangement information is acceptable. Firm’s Bonding Capability (construction bonding level per contract and aggregate construction bonding level, both expressed in dollars) via letter from bonding company. Interested firms shall respond to this sources sought synopsis no later than 10:00 AM CST, 23 March 2026. All interested firms must be registered in SAM to be eligible for award of government contracts. Email your response to Mr. Tyler Godwin, Email: Tyler.L.Godwin@usace.army.mil. EMAIL IS THE PREFERRED METHOD WHEN RECEIVING RESPONSES TO THIS SYNOPSIS.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tyler Godwin
  - Email: tyler.l.godwin@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 9186697281
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Dario Rissone
  - Email: dario.m.rissone@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 9186697109

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fc07f25c548d4fd0806083693005097f/view