---
layout: default
title: 20--TILE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: e0ba2669f8804cc7b666b11752d2f4a8
---

# 20--TILE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 05:52:15.869-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QYA59

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N741.3|GDS|717.605.1309|alison.n.bruker.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|MIL-I-45208| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|COMBO INVOICE AND RECEIVING||TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS (DEV 2026-O0042)(FEB 2026)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| This solicitation is issued pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). This solicitation is for the following PROCUREMENT: 1. CLIN 0001; TILE, NSN: 2090 012244913 ST; Quantity 653. 2.The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally,requiringthe contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 3. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders,taskorders,delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instantprocurement are considered to be ""issued"" by the Government when copies areeither deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by otherelectronic commerce methods such as email. The Government's acceptance of thecontractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to ""issue"" contractualdocuments as detailed herein. 4.If requirement will be packaged at alocation different from theofferor's address, the offeror shall provide the name, street address, and CAGEof the facility. 5.Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be DO certifiedfor national defense under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System(DPAS).Provision 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for NationalDefense,Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use, shall be inserted in solicitations when the contract to be awarded shall be a rated order. 6.If drawings are included in the solicitation, access needs to be requested on the individual solicitation page under Contract Opportunities on SAM.govwebsite. After requesting access, send an email to the POC listed on thesolicitation. 7. THIS REQUIREMENT REQUIRES HIGHER LEVEL INSPECTION CODE: MIL-I-45208 8. FAR 52.209-1 is hereby incorporated into this solicitation. 9. A DD254 applies to this requirement. Offerors must have a valid U.S.security clearance of classified or higher in order to respond to this RFPbecause the RFP includes an annex (information) classified at the confidentiallevel which will be released only to offerors possessing the appropriateclearance. All classified material must be handled in accordance with theNational Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM) (DoD 5220-22-M)and Industrial Security Regulation (DoD 5220.22-R). 10. Offerors whose company size is greater than the size standard fortheapplicable NAICS in FAR 52.204-8 herein(1250 employees) shall submit aSmall Business Subcontracting Plan with their proposal, in accordance withFAR52.219-9. Government source inspection is required. Unit Price:__________ FIRM Total Price:__________ FIRM Procurement Turnaround Time (PTAT) :_________ Awardee CAGE: __________ Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not at source:__________" 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the TILE , part of the ;Special Hull Treatment (SHT) Program. This specification covers one class of SHT Tiles, identified as Type AA-18; . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.1.2 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 2.3 ;Certian documents pertaining to this item are classified. The seller must be cleared to receive these classified documents. A DD form 254 is required. Vendors require access to Confidential National Security Information. Drawings (53711) 5808343 and 5808349 are classified. Classification is Confidential.;

2.4 Identification of Classified Documents - This contract/purchase order requires the Contractor to have authorized access to classified documents in accordance with the attached Contract Security Classification Specification (DD Form 254). The classified documents and security level are: ;DR# 5808343 & 5808349 Confidential ; DRAWING DATA=5808277 |53711| G| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5808343 |53711| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5808349 |53711| C| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-105 | | |E |950227|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |P |041029|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-147 | | |D |960325|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-177 | | |A |880531|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-313 | | |D |000321|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-407 | | | |910321|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |920417|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2073 |0001| |D |020510|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S6360-AD-HBK-10 | | | |940930|E| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-D1974 | | |92 |940301|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-D2240 | | | |920622|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-D297 | | | |930915|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-D3767 | | | |920417|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-D3951 | | | |901221|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-D412 | | | |921115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-D471 | | | |980911|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-D5118/D5118M | | |90 |940301|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-D573 | | | |880527|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-D635 | | | |910715|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |010417|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |950113|A| |03| DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=DI-E-2121 |DI-MISC-80678 DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=DI-T-2072 |DI-NDTI-80809 DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=DI-T-4902 |DI-MISC-80678 DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=MIL-P-116 |MIL-STD-2073-1 DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=PP-B-636 |ASTM-D5118 & ASTM-D1974 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;This part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing knowledge by the qualified source(s) require acquisition of the part from the approver source(s).The approved source(s) retain data rights, manufacturing knowledge, or technical data that are not economically available to the Government, and the data or knowledge is essential to maintaining the quality of the part. An alternate source must qualify in accordance with the design control activity's procedures, as approved by the cognizant Government engineering activity. The qualification procedures must be approved by the Government engineering activity having jurisdiction over the part in the intended application. Contractors are cautioned that award of this contract/purchase order will not be delayed solely for the purpose of approving additional sources. Contractors desiring to qualify under the Engineering Source Approval Qualification (ESAQ) program are urged to contact the Government design control activity to arrange for test and, if approved, added to the (ESAQ) list of approved sources for subsequent procurements.;

3.2 Manufacturing and Design - The TILE furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the material and physical requirements as specified ;on 53711 drawing 5808277, CONFIDENTIAL 53711 DRAWING 5808349, and CONFIDENTIAL 53711 drawing 5808343 except as amplified or modified herein.; .

3.3 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.3.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor.

3.4 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere.

3.5 Security Clearance Required - This contract/purchase order requires the Contractor to have a Government Security Clearance in accordance with the attached Contract Security Classification Specification (DD Form 254). 3.6 ;Security - The contractor is responsible to provide security safeguards for all CONFIDENTIAL data, molds, tiles and the controlled area as specified in paragraph 6.8 of 53711 Drawing 5808277.; 3.7 ;MOLDS - The contractor is responsible for designing molds to produce the tiles as specified in paragraph 6.3 of 53711 Drawing 5808277. The contractor shall certify that all molds are equivalant in critical dimensions and allowable tolerances.The government reserves the right to examine mold drawings or molds and to accept or reject plan tolerances. The molds are UNCLASSIFIED but shall be afforded maximum protection to ensure minimum visibility and prevent access by unauthorized personnel in accordance with paragraph 6.3 and 6.8.1 of 53711 Drawing 5808277.; 3.8 ;Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS) - Material Safety Data Sheets shall be in accordance with paragraph 3.6 of 53711 Drawing 5808277.; 3.9 ;Responsibility for Inspection - The contractor is responsible for the performance and certification of all inspection requirements as specified in paragraph 4.1 of 53711 Drawaing 5808277.; 3.10 ;Adhesion of Tiles to Steel - "SHT" Epoxy Paint Hull Preservation DTNSRDC - 2844-1109 (NNVSEA Drawing 53711, 5808333) and Epoxy Adhesive DTNSRDC 2844-1102 (NAVSEA Drawing 53711, 5808332) will be the only paint and adhesive to be used for "SHT" material "Adhesion of Tiles to Steel" testing.;

3.11 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;the requirements of MIL-STD-129 and paragraph 3.2.1 of 53711 Drawing 5808277; . 3.12 ;Special Marking - Special Marking shall be in accordance with paragraph 5.2.3 and 5.2.3.1 of 53711 Drawing 5808277. In addition, all outside containers are to be marked with black letters a minimum of one (1) inch high in non - fading, water resistant ink, with the designation " SHT ".; 3.13 ;Production Lot Test/Quality Conformance Inspection Approval (Government Testing) - Production Lot Test (PLT)/Quality Conformance Inspection (QCI) and approval is required.; 3.13.1 ;Material submitted for Production Lot Test/Quality Conformance Inspection shall be certified to have the same composition, construction and manufacturing process as the material supplied for the First Article Test/ Engineering Source Approval Qualification (ESAQ) Testing.; 3.13.2 ;Production Lot Test/Quality Conformance Inspection - The Test/Inspections to be performed for Production Lot/Quility Conformance Inspection shall be as specified in Table III of 53711 Drawing 5808277.; NOTE: LOT - A lot shall consist of all tiles produced in one plant under essentially the same conditions and offered for inspection at one time. In each case, the nunber of tiles offered for inspection constitute the lot size. TILE AND FAIRING STRIP TEST COSTS & TILES REQUIRED: Lot Size Tiles Required 51 - 90 3 91 - 150 5 151 - 280 8 281 - 500 8 501 - 1200 13 1201 - 3200 20 3101 - 10000 32 3.13.3 ;Sampling and Rating for Production Lot Test/Quality Conformance Inspection - Sampling for Production Lot Test/Quality Conformance Inspection (Non Destructive and Destructive) shall be in accordance with the requirements of paragraph 4.3.3.3 and Table IV of 53711 Drawing 5808277. Sampling for Production Lot Test/Quality Conformance Inspection (Performance Test) shall be in accordance with the requirements of paragraph 4.3.3.4 of 53711 Drawing 5808277.; 3.14 ;Manufacturing Accountability and Control - The contractor shall develop auditable records to account for all tiles molded in accordance with paragraph 6.8.4 of 53711 Drawing 5808277.; 3.15 ;Disposition of Non - Conforming, Excess, or Scrap Material - Disposal of non - conforming or scrap material shall be in accordance with the requirements of paragraph 6.5 of 53711 Drawing 5808277.; 3.16 ;Cleaning Procedure - See section 6 (NOTES) of this specification for Cleaning Procedure.;

3.17 First Article Approval (Government Testing) - First Article Test (FAT) and approval is required.

3.18 Production Lot Approval (Government Testing) - Production Lot Test and approval is required. 3.19 ;The supplier shall provide a Certificate of Conformance (COC) or Certificate of Acceptance (COA) with each SHT material. Package one COC/COA per item. See CDRL A0001 for more information. ; 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE ANY REFERENCE TO FIRST ARTICLE TEST INFORMATION (GOVERNMENT - DESTRUCTIVE) IS HEREBY WAIVED FOR THIS ITEM ANY REFERENCE TO FIRST ARTICLE TEST INFORMATION (GOVERNMENT - NON-DESTRUCTIVE) IS HEREBY WAIVED FOR THIS ITEM

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Inspection System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain an inspection/quality system acceptable to the Government. The inspection system requirements for this contract/purchase order shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208. Suppliers certified to perform under ISO 9001 or ISO 9002 are granted permission to utilize the one desired in lieu of MIL-I-45208.

4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.4 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies. 4.5 ;Certification/Data Report (MOLDS) - The contractor shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423).; 4.6 ;Material Safety Data Sheet (MSDS) - The contractor shall prepare and submit material safety data sheets in accordance with the contract data requirements list (DD Form 1423). The MSDS is form OSHA-20 and is found as part of FED-STD-313.; 4.7 ;Responsibility for Inspection - The contractor shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423).; 4.7.1 Units that undergo destructive testing are rendered unusable and shall not be considered in the quantity listed for the "SHIP TO" on the schedule page of this contract/purchase order. The number of units that will be destroyed under the destructive testing shall be inaddition to the quantity required on the schedule page. 4.8 ;Production Lot Test/Quality Conformance Inspection (LOT ACCEPTANCE TEST) (Government) - The Contractor shall deliver test samples to the Government Test Facility for Production Lot/Quality Conformance Inspection in accordance with the requirements specified in paragraph 4.3 of 53711 Drawing 5808277. The Test/Inspection shall consist of all the requirements of 53711 Drawing 5808277, paragraph 4.3.1, Batch Acceptance, paragraph 4.3.2 Tile Assembly Inspection and paragraph 4.3.3, Lot Acceptance Test.; 4.9 ;Tile Assembly Inspection - The Contractor shall preform Tile Assembly Inspection as specified in paragraph 4.3.2 of 53711 Drawing 5808277.; 4.10 ;Certification Data Report (Material For Production Lot Test/Quality Conformance Inspection) - The Contractor Shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423).; 4.11 ;Production Lot Test/Quality Conformane Inspection - The Test/Inspections to be performed for Production Lot Test/Quality Conformance Inspection (Lot Acceptance) shall be as specified in Table III of 53711 Drawing 5808277. Sampling for Lot Acceptance Test shall be in accordance with the requirements of paragraph 4.3.3.3, Table IV and paragraph 4.3.3.4 of 53711 Drawing 5808277.; 4.12 ;NOTE Production Lot Test/Quality Conformance Inspection - Lot; A lot shall consist of all tiles produced in one plant under essentially the same conditions and offered for inspection at one time. In each case, the number of tiles offered for inspection constitute the lot size.; 4.13 ;Production Lot Test/Quality Conformance Inspection - Sampling for Lot Acceptance Performance Test shall be in accordance with the requirements of paragraph 4.3.3.4 of 53711 Drawing 5808277. NOTE: Sub-lots shall be generated which consist of a maximum of 450 tiles. Nine (9) tiles shall be selected at random from each sub-lot and submitted to the designated Government Testing Facility for Lot Acceptance performance Test.; 4.13.1 ;Production Lot/Quality Conformance Inspection Test Samples for Lot Acceptance Test shall be shipped to: COMMANDER NAVAL SURFACE WARFARE CENTER, CARDEROCK DIVISION 5001 SOUTH BROAD STREET ATTN CODE 617 LISA WEISER 215-897-1612 PHILADELPHIA PA 19112;

4.14 Production Lot Test Approval - Production Lot Test approval is required prior to shipment of the Production Lot. 4.15 ;Manufacturing Accountability and Control - The contractor shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423).; 4.16 ;A Certificate of Conformance (COC) or Certificate of Acceptance (COA) shall accompany each SHT material, as stated within PNS ltr 9110 Ser 250/009 of 1 Mar 23. Package one COC/COA per item. SUPPLIER FORMAT IS ACCEPTABLE. As indicated in CDRL A0001.; 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 ;Note: All Special Hull Treatment operations previously requiring 1,1,1-Trichloroethane shall use BUTYL ACETATE as a direct replacement. BUTYL ACETATE shall conform to the requirements of ASTM D 4615.; SHT Tile Cleaning for the Tile Manufacturing Process MATERIAL REQUIREMENTS a.Butyl Acetate (ASTM D 4615) b.Clean, White Cotton Rags WARNING Consult the MSDS for Butyl Acetate prior to initiating the cleaning process to determine the proper PPE and environmental controls required by your site. Additionally, be sure that use of this solvent does not violate, state, or federal environmental regulations. NOTE This procedure shall be used before and after the etching process. Before etching, only the molded side shall be cleaned. After etching, both sides of the tile shall be cleaned with this procedure. PROCEDURE: 1. Place tile on a clean surface. 2. Scrub surface of the tile with a rag moistened with Butyl Acetate. NOTE Butyl Acetate shall be poured onto the rag to prevent contamination of the cleaning solvent-DO NOT DIP RAG INTO SOLVENT. Change rags frequently. 3. Repeat the cleaning of the tile surface 2 to 3 times as necessary to eliminate contamination on the tile. NOTE The white cotten rag will be blackened somewhat by the cleaning process. Continue the scrubbing the tile surface until the rag does not get any lighter with successive washes. 4. Allow the solvent to flash off (evapporate) for at least one half hour prior to stacking or packaging the tile. NOTE Do not recontaminate the tile after the cleaning by placing it in contact with unclean surfaces. 6.2 ;Initial (First Time) testing (First Article Test/ESAQ and Production Lot Test/Quality Conformance Inspection) for each lot or sub lot shall be at the expense of the Government. Second time testing or retesting will be at the expense of the Contractor.; 6.3 ;Shelf Life - SHT Tiles shall have a five (5) year uninstalled shelf life from date of manufacture.;

6.4 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH.

6.5 Information regarding abbreviations, symbols and codes appearing on DD Form 1423 - The following information is provided to assist in understanding the intent of the requirement to provide a deliverable item to the government. The explanation of abbreviation, symbols and codes found in a block follows the block number as they appear on the DD Form 1423. Block A: Is the actual contract line item no. Block B: Is the actual collective physical list of the deliverable item(s) which are part of the total requirement of the contract/purchase order. Block C: Is the category of data required, TDP is defined in MIL-T-31000. TM is defined in Part 1X, Section B of DODI 5000.2. NAVICP has reasoned that most DD Form 1423's included in our solicitations meet the requirement of TDP as NAVICP does not regularly purchase only Technical Manuals without purchasing hardware and related TDP software. Therefore, most NAVICP DD Form 1423 category code will be TDP. Block D: Is the name of the parent system, next higher assembly, or the item being purchased. Block E: Is the purchase request number, request for proposal number, invitation for bid number or another number for tracking and monitoring purposes. Block F: Is the successful offerors name and or cage code. Block G: Is the name of the individual and or the code/activity of the individual who prepared the DD Form 1423 and included the requirement in the Technical Data Package (TDP). Block H: Self explanatory. Block I: Is the name and signature of the individual who approved the content and the need for inclusion of the DD Form 1423 in the TDP. Block J: Self explanatory. Block 1: Is the Exhibit Line Item Number (ELIN). Block 2: Is the title of the data item cited in Block 4. Block 3: Is the subtitle of the data item cited in Block 4 and is used if the title requires clarification. Block 4: Is the actual Data Item Description (DID) number or the actual Technical Manual Contract Requirements Number. In the event the DD Form 1423 is requiring a technical manual the numbered TMCR will be an attachment to the contract/purchase order. Block 5: Is the section and paragraph area, where the requirement statement for the DD Form 1423 will be found. Block 6: Is the activity that will inform the contractor of approval, conditional approval or disapproval of the deliverable item. Block 7: Is a code which designates authority for inspection and acceptance of the deliverable item. The definition of the codes is as follows: DD Form 250 Code Inspection Acceptance SS (1) (2) DD (3) (4) SD (1) (4) DS (3) (5) LT (6) (7) NO (8) (8) XX (9) (9) (1) Inspection at source. (2) Acceptance at source. (3) No inspection performed at source. Final inspection performance at destination. (4) Acceptance at destination. (5) Acceptance at source. Acceptance based on written approval from the Contract Officer. (6) Letter of transmittal only. LT should not be used when inspection is required. The data is sent by the contractor directly to the personnel listed in Block 14 of the DD Form 1423. LT is used when the contracting agency does not desire to have a DD Form 250 for each and every piece of data developed by the contractor. The only other authorized use of LT is the special case where the contracting agency does not desire to have separate DD Forms 250 but desires to have a Government quality assurance...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176056447
  - Email: ALISON.N.BRUKER.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 4 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: classified at the confidentiallevel which will be released only to offerors possessing the appropriateclearance. All classified material must be handled in accordance with theNational Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM) (DoD 5220-22-M)and Industrial Security Regulation (DoD 5220.22-R). 10. Offerors whose company size is greater than the size standard fortheapplicable NAICS in FAR 52.204-8 herein(1250 employees) shall submit aSmall Business Subcontracting Plan with their proposal, in accordance withFAR52.219-9. Government source inspection is required. Unit Price:__________ FIRM Total Price:__________ FIRM Procurement Turnaround Time (PTAT) :_________ Awardee CAGE: __________ Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not at source:__________" 1. SCOPE
- Attachment 2: this contract/purchase order. 2.1.2 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents
- Attachment 3: . Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.3.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor
- Attachment 4: Item Number (ELIN). Block 2: Is the title of the data item cited in Block 4. Block 3: Is the subtitle of the data item cited in Block 4 and is used if the title requires clarification. Block 4: Is the actual Data Item Description (DID) number or the actual Technical Manual Contract Requirements Number. In the event the DD Form 1423 is requiring a technical manual the numbered TMCR will be an attachment to the contract/purchase order. Block 5: Is the section and paragraph area, where the requirement statement for the DD Form 1423 will be found. Block 6: Is the activity that will inform the contractor of approval, conditional approval or disapproval of the deliverable item. Block 7: Is a code which designates authority for inspection and acceptance of the deliverable item. The definition of the codes is as follows: DD Form 250 Code Inspection Acceptance SS (1) (2) DD (3) (4) SD (1) (4) DS (3) (5) LT (6) (7) NO (8) (8) XX (9) (9) (1) Inspection at source. (2) Acceptance at source. (3) No inspection performed at source. Final inspection performance at destination. (4) Acceptance at destination. (5) Acceptance at source. Acceptance based on written approval from the Contract Officer. (6) Letter of transmittal only. LT should not be used when inspection is required. The data is sent by the contractor directly to the personnel listed in Block 14 of the DD Form 1423. LT is used when the contracting agency does not desire to have a DD Form 250 for each and every piece of data developed by the contractor. The only other authorized use of LT is the special case where the contracting agency does not desire to have separate DD Forms 250 but desires to have a Government quality assurance

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e0ba2669f8804cc7b666b11752d2f4a8/view)