---
layout: default
title: Justification and Approval Limiting Sourcses - ProAim Americas
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 3ed79ce4a97c4f3081e118638d81573f
---

# Justification and Approval Limiting Sourcses - ProAim Americas

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-22 13:43:46.167-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C263-26-AP-2198

## Summary

Effective Date: 12/30/2025 Page 1 of 3 Revision: 02 Acquisition ID#: 36C263-26-AP-2198 DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS SOLE SOURCE JUSTIFICATION UNDER SIMPLIFIED PROCEDURES FOR CERTAIN COMMERCIAL ITEMS IN ACCORDANCE WITH FAR 12.201-1, Simplified Procedures Acquisition Plan Action ID: 36C263-26-AP-2198 1. Contracting Activity: Department of Veterans Affairs, VISN 23, VA Central Iowa Health Care System (VACIHCS), 3600 30th St, Building 7E, Des Moines, IA 50310. 2237: 499-26-3-6720-0014 2. Nature and/or Description of the Action Being Processed: This procurement is for upgrade services for Ophthalmology and Optometry instruments VISN wide. These request services are for support of eye imaging modalities with an interface to Carl Zeiss FORUM PACS middleware and the Federal Electronic Health Record (EHR). This VA system interfaces an eye care image and data management system specifically designed for hospitals to improve their workflow efficiency. 3. Description of Supplies/Services Required to Meet the Agency’s Needs: This requirement will upgrade the software and hardware of installed instruments to bring the software up to date. The upgraded software is due to end of life by the software OEM, Microsoft, therefore upgrades need to be completed prior to the deadline set by the OEM. This will ensure network security for VA personnel and patients, while also maintaining compatitbility with the FORUM PACS and EHR networks, as well as the extended life of installed instruments. Estimated Total: $422,895.00 4. Statutory Authority Permitting Restricted Competition: FAR

13.5 Simplified Procedures for Certain Commercial Items. The statutory authority for applying the Simplified Procedures for Commercial Items of FAR 13.5 is 41 U.S.C. § 1901 and is implemented by FAR 13.106-1(b)(2) for restricting competition on this procurement. Competition is restricted on this procurement for the reason below: (X) Only One Responsible Source and No Other Supplies or Services Will Satisfy Agency Requirements ( ) Unusual and Compelling Urgency ( ) Industrial Mobilization, Engineering, Developmental or Research Capability or Expert Services ( ) International Agreement ( ) Authorized or Required by Statute ( ) National Security ( ) Public Interest Effective Date: 12/30/2025 Page 2 of 3 Revision: 02 Acquisition ID#: 36C263-26-AP-2198 5. Demonstration that the Contractor’s Unique Qualifications or Nature of the Acquisition Requires the Use of the Authority Cited Above (applicability of authority): Only the Zeiss Upgrade is compatible with the existing Zeiss equipment, software, and servers due to proprietary software and maintenance. Zeiss has provided a sole source letter stating only PROAIM is authorized to represent Zeiss in service and maintenance for Ziess manufactured equipment. Only PROAIM, representing Carl Zeiss Meditec USA Inc., is authorize to represent Zeiss related to Zeiss “OPTIME” Service Contracts, and/or ON-SITE Repair for Zeiss Products. Zeiss will not accept PO’s from other entities for service and or repair labor other than PROAIM. 6. Description of Efforts Made to ensure that offers are solicited from as many potential sources as deemed practicable: Zeiss provided a sole source letter stating PROAIM is the sole provider for these services. PROAIM is the sole third party that is authorized to perform these requested services. 7. Determination by the CO that the Anticipated Cost to the Government will be Fair and Reasonable: Pricing is anticipated to be fair and reasonable in comparison to previous prices from contract 36C24723P0944. Contract 36C24723P0944 was awarded August 2023 in the amount of $429,434.00 to provide service and maintenance for Zeiss equipment. These services are for similar services for this requirement. When adjusting for inflation and the differences in services the price of $422,895.00 is considered fair and reasonable. 8. Description of the Market Research Conducted and the Results, or a Statement of the Reasons Market Research Was Not Conducted: Due to this requirement being a sole source limited market research was conducted. The SBA Small Business Search was searched for SDVOSB/VOSB using NAICS 339112, which resulted in 981 results. Zeiss provided a sole source letter stating PROAIM, a small business, is the sole provider for these services. No other small businesses were contacted. The VA Rule of Two is not met. The SBA rule of two is not met. 9. Any Other Facts Supporting the Use of Other than Full and Open Competition: N/A 10. Listing of Sources that Expressed, in Writing, an Interest in the Acquisition: Proaim Americas, LLC 16024 Manchester RD STE 200 Ellisville, MO 63011 Effective Date: 12/30/2025 Page 3 of 3 Revision: 02 Acquisition ID#: 36C263-26-AP-2198 11. A Statement of the Actions, if any, the Agency May Take to Remove or Overcome any Barriers to Competition before Making subsequent acquisitions for the supplies or services required: Market research will be conducted for future equipment maintance and upgrades to determine if market conditions have changed to allow for competition. If Zeiss authorizes other vendors to provide service, the VISN 23 sites will compete future requirements amongst authorized vendors. While there are multiple companies who manufacture their own Ophthalmology and Optometry instruments, replacing them with a system from a new manufacture would duplicate costs not expected to be recouped through competition and the VA would still be in a sole source situation for service and maintenance with the new system manufacturer. 12. Requirements Certification: I certify that the requirement outlined in this justification is a Bona Fide Need of the Department of Veterans Affairs and that the supporting data under my cognizance, which are included in the justification, are accurate and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. _____________________________ ________________________ Petroula Hansen Date Biomedical Engineer VISN 23 13. Approvals in accordance with the VHAPM Part

806.3 OFOC SOP: a. Contracting Officer or Designee’s Certification (required): I certify that the foregoing justification is accurate and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. _____________________________ ________________________ Joey Bloomer Date Contracting Officer Network Contracting Office 23 b. One Level Above the Contracting Officer (Required over $350K but not exceeding $900K): I certify the justification meets requirements for other than full and open competition. _____________________________ ________________________ Michael Casper Date Branch Chief Network Contracting Officer 23

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joey Bloomer
  - Email: joseph.bloomer@va.gov
  - Phone: 5156995880

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3ed79ce4a97c4f3081e118638d81573f/view)