---
layout: default
title: G6 AV/IT
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 69886b213f894e0a8e3fcf49b14ac515
---

# G6 AV/IT

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-30 12:51:22.214-04
- Solicitation Number: PANMCC25P0000021043

## Summary

The Mission and Installation Contracting Command – Fort Leonard Wood is issuing this sources sought notice as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support the requirement for Audio Visual/Information Technology (AV/IT) Support. The intention is to procure these services on a competitive basis. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES (IN FULL OR IN PART) OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. ALL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE CATEGORIES WILL BE CONSIDERED. No feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE / DELIVERY LOCATION Fort Leonard Wood, MO DISCLAIMER • THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. • THIS IS NOT A “REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP)” OR REQUEST FOR QUOTE (RFQ) • IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION OR A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. • RESPONSES DO NOT CONSTITUTE OFFERS, AND THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT OBLIGATED TO AWARD A CONTRACT. • NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OR SUBMITTAL OF RESPONSES. • THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT COMMITTED OR OBLIGATED TO PAY FOR THE INFORMATION PROVIDED, AND NO BASIS FOR CLAIMS AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT SHALL ARISE AS A RESULT OF A RESPONSE TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT. • INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. • RESPONSES WILL NOT BE RETURNED TO THE RESPONDER. • NOT RESPONDING TO THIS NOTICE DOES NOT PRECLUDE PARTICIPATION IN ANY FUTURE PROCURMENT ACTION. • IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF POTENTIAL OFFERORS TO MONITOR THE GPE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PERTAINING TO THIS REQUIREMENT. REQUIRED CAPABILITIES The Contractor shall provide clear indication of its ability to maintain AV/IT systems to ensure continuity of service and provide upgrades as required to ensure system integrity, interoperability, and compliance with applicable standards as specified in the Performance Work Statement (PWS). A draft PWS is attached to this announcement (Attachment 1). If your company has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: 1) Company name, address, email address, Web site address, telephone number, and size and type of ownership for the organization; 2) Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements; and 3) Any recommended clarifications to the PWS and highlight how the Army can best structure these contract requirements to facilitate competition by and among small business concerns. The Government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: 1) Provide services consistent, in scope and scale, with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated; 2) Secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements; and 3) Implement a successful project management plan including: compliance with program schedules; cost containment; performance tracking; retention of key personnel, hiring plan to fill gaps and performance risk mitigation. Contractors are also encouraged to identify any condition or action that may be unnecessarily restricting competition with respect to this acquisition. If you believe that this action is unreasonably restricting competition you are encouraged to contact the MICC Advocate for Competition, Mr. Scott Kukes, at scott.d.kukes.civ@mail.mil or 210- 466-3015. Include the subject of the acquisition, this announcement, and the MICC POC information from the SAM.GOV notice, and a description of the specific aspects that unreasonably restrict competition and the rationale for such conclusion. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: • Clinger-Cohen Act • Comply with all Fort Leonard Wood installation access requirements, including obtaining and maintaining a valid installation access badge • Possess a valid Secret security clearance or be eligible for a Secret clearance ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 541513, Computer Facilities Management with a Small Business Size Standard of $37,000,000.00. The Product Service Code is DE01, IT and Telecom - End User: Help Desk; Tier 1-2, Workspace, Print, Output, Productivity Tools (Labor). Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND SUBMISSION DETAILS (CAPABILITIES STATEMENT) A draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) is attached for review. (Attachment 1) Interested parties are requested to submit a capabilities statement of no more than ten (10) pages in length in Times New Roman font. The deadline for response to this request is no later than 12 pm, central standard time zone (CST), 13 April 2026. This documentation must address at minimum the following items: 1) What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? 2) Can or has your company managed a task of this nature? If so, please provide details. 3) Can or has your company managed a team of subcontractors before? If so, provide details. 4) What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensure capability to perform the tasks? 5) Please note that under a Small-Business Set-Aside, in accordance with FAR 52.219-14, the small business prime must perform at least 50% of the work themselves in terms of the cost of performance. Provide an explanation of your company’s ability to perform at least 50% of the tasking described in this PWS for the base period as well as the option periods. 6) Provide a statement including current small/large business status and company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office locations, DUNs number, etc. 7) Respondents may provide recommendations to clarify any ambiguities in the PWS. (PWS recommendations are not counted towards capabilities statement page limitations.) The estimated period of performance consists of a base period and four (4) option year periods with performance commencing in August 2026. The contract type is anticipated to be Firm Fixed Price. The proposed contract is subject to the Service Contract Act Wage Determination # 2015-5093. Upon evaluation of the capability statements, if it is determined that this requirement will be an unrestricted competition, the Government intends to evaluate the Small-Business responses and conduct further market research to identify a subcontracting goal. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. No phone calls will be accepted. All questions must be submitted to the contract specialist identified below. Your response to this Sources Sought, including any capabilities statement, shall be electronically submitted in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF), via email to Kimberly Krumm, Contract Specialist, at kimberly.d.krumm.civ@army.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kimberly Krumm
  - Email: kimberly.d.krumm.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Julie West
  - Email: julie.m.west4.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . If your company has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: 1) Company name, address, email address, Web site address, telephone number, and size and type of ownership for the organization; 2) Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements; and 3) Any recommended clarifications to the PWS and highlight how the Army can best structure these contract requirements to facilitate competition by and among small business concerns. The Government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: 1) Provide services consistent, in scope and scale, with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated; 2) Secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements; and 3) Implement a successful project management plan including: compliance with program schedules; cost containment; performance tracking; retention of key personnel, hiring plan to fill gaps and performance risk mitigation. Contractors are also encouraged to identify any condition or action that may be unnecessarily restricting competition with respect to this acquisition. If you believe that this action is unreasonably restricting competition you are encouraged to contact the MICC Advocate for Competition, Mr. Scott Kukes, at scott.d.kukes.civ@mail.mil or 210- 466-3015. Include the subject of the acquisition, this announcement, and the MICC POC information from the SAM.GOV notice, and a description of the specific aspects that unreasonably restrict competition and the rationale for such conclusion. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: • Clinger-Cohen Act • Comply with all Fort Leonard Wood installation access requirements, including obtaining and maintaining a valid installation access badge • Possess a valid Secret security clearance or be eligible for a Secret clearance ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 541513, Computer Facilities Management with a Small Business Size Standard of $37,000,000.00. The Product Service Code is DE01, IT and Telecom - End User: Help Desk; Tier 1-2, Workspace, Print, Output, Productivity Tools (Labor). Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND SUBMISSION DETAILS (CAPABILITIES STATEMENT) A draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) is attached for review. (Attachment 1) Interested parties are requested to submit a capabilities statement of no more than ten (10) pages in length in Times New Roman font. The deadline for response to this request is no later than 12 pm, central standard time zone (CST), 13 April 2026. This documentation must address at minimum the following items: 1) What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? 2) Can or has your company managed a task of this nature? If so, please provide details. 3) Can or has your company managed a team of subcontractors before? If so, provide details. 4) What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensure capability to perform the tasks? 5) Please note that under a Small-Business Set-Aside, in accordance with FAR 52.219-14, the small business prime must perform at least 50% of the work themselves in terms of the cost of performance. Provide an explanation of your company’s ability to perform at least 50% of the tasking described in this PWS for the base period as well as the option periods. 6) Provide a statement including current small/large business status and company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office locations, DUNs number, etc. 7) Respondents may provide recommendations to clarify any ambiguities in the PWS. (PWS recommendations are not counted towards capabilities statement page limitations.) The estimated period of performance consists of a base period and four (4) option year periods with performance commencing in August 2026. The contract type is anticipated to be Firm Fixed Price. The proposed contract is subject to the Service Contract Act Wage Determination # 2015-5093. Upon evaluation of the capability statements, if it is determined that this requirement will be an unrestricted competition, the Government intends to evaluate the Small-Business responses and conduct further market research to identify a subcontracting goal. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. No phone calls will be accepted. All questions must be submitted to the contract specialist identified below. Your response to this Sources Sought, including any capabilities statement, shall be electronically submitted in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF), via email to Kimberly Krumm, Contract Specialist, at kimberly.d.krumm.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/69886b213f894e0a8e3fcf49b14ac515/view)