---
layout: default
title: J065--GOV OWNED OMNICELL EQUIPMENT PMIR - Base [605] | POP: 04/01/2026 - 03/31/2027
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: f42af4063add402b927d69b4f098d61a
---

# J065--GOV OWNED OMNICELL EQUIPMENT PMIR - Base [605] | POP: 04/01/2026 - 03/31/2027

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 17:28:21.918-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0463
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06 (eff. 10/01/2025), FAR Deviation NOV 2025 (eff. 11/19/2025), VAAR DEVIATION APR 2025 (eff. 04/01/2025), VAAM Alert 26-01 (eff. 10/01/2025), and Acquisition Policy Flash 26-23 eff. 11/19/2025). This solicitation is set-aside for 100% Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns IAW FAR

19.1405 SDVOSB Set-aside procedures, and VAAR Subpart 819.70, the VA Veterans First Contracting Program. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 811210, with a small business size standard of $34.0 Million. The FSC/PSC is J036. The VA Loma Linda Healthcare System (VALLHCS), Jerry L. Pettis VA Medical Center (VAMC), located at 11201 Benton Street, Loma Linda, CA 92357-1000 is seeking to purchase an upgrade to the outdated existing pneumatic tube system. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services Refer to Price/Cost Schedule (Attached) STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) Contract Title Government Owned Omnicell Equipment PMIR. Background The VA Loma Linda Healthcare System (VALLHCS) Pharmacy Services requires the award of a contract for the maintenance and service of Omnicell Automated Dispensing Cabinets (ADCs), software, hardware, and related peripherals owned by the Veterans Affairs Loma Linda Healthcare System (VALLHCS) Pharmacy. The services shall comply with this Statement of Work (SOW, equipment manufacturer, VA Master Specification, and all applicable VA, local, state, and Federal policies, and regulations. Objective The objective of this service contract is to have a contractor to provide all labor, materials, supplies, tools, equipment, parts, software (needed for the general operation of the equipment), travel, supervisors, and qualified personnel to complete PMIR services on the Government Owned Omnicell equipment. Scope The contractor shall provide comprehensive maintenance and support services for the Omnicell ADC systems, including, but not limited to, the following components: Omnicell ADC cabinets Omnicell Anesthesia Workstations w/BioID Omnicell XT CSM Cabinets Associated software Hardware components Peripherals related to ADC functionality Maintenance and Support: The contractor shall provide corrective maintenance services as necessary to address any malfunctions or failures in the ADC systems The contractor shall supply and install any necessary replacement parts or components to maintain the ADC systems in good working condition. The contractor shall provide software updates and patches to ensure that the ADC systems remain secure and fully functional. Technical Support: The contractor shall provide 24/7 technical support via phone and email to address any issues or concerns with the ADC systems. The contractor shall respond to emergency service requests within four (4) hours of notification. The contractor shall provide on-site technical support within one (1) business day for non-emergency service requests. Training and Documentation: The contractor shall provide training for VALLHCS Pharmacy staff on the proper use and maintenance of the ADC systems. The contractor shall supply all necessary documentation, including user manuals and maintenance guides, for the ADC systems. Reporting: The contractor shall provide the following reports to the VALLHCS Pharmacy: Maintenance reports detailing the services performed, any issues identified, and corrective actions taken, in accordance with the SOW. Emergency and non-emergency service request reports detailing the nature of the issue, the resolution, and the time taken to resolve the issue. Deliverables: The contractor shall provide the following deliverables: Maintenance services as outlined in the Omnicell Service Agreements for Advantage Level Service. Corrective maintenance services as needed. 24/7 technical support. Maintenance reports as per Omnicell Service Agreement. Emergency and non-emergency service request reports. Training for VALLHCS Pharmacy staff All necessary documentation for ADC systems. Additional Requirements: The contractor shall comply with all applicable federal, state, and local regulations. The contractor shall ensure that all work is performed by qualified and certified personnel. The contractor shall maintain confidentiality and security of all VALLHCS Pharmacy data and information. Contractor shall conform to the following standards, policies, regulations, governing agency, and any other local, state, or Federal guidelines that are not listed here. OSHA 29CFR Regulations, www.osha.gov VHA Infection Control Risk Assessment (ICRA) NFPA 99, www.nfpa.org Inspection and Acceptance: The VALLHCS Pharmacy will inspect and accept all services and deliverables provided by the contractor to ensure they meet the requirements outlined in this SOW. Licensing Requirements: Offeror must possess a 30-hour Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) safety card. Services Not Covered: Any work other than as specified in the contract shall be identified as a non-priced task, and if determined by the Contracting Officer (CO) to be within the overall scope of the contract, work shall be added by a modification to the contract. Any work requested that is identified as outside the scope of the contract shall be addressed by the facility as a separate procurement. Points of Contact: Contracting Officer's Representative (COR): Carrie MacWhorter, Pharmacoeconomic Program Manager, carrie.macwhorter@va.gov. Security Requirements The C&A requirements do not apply, and Security Accreditation Package is not required. This service does not involve Contractor connection of one or more contractor-owned IT devices (such as laptop computer or remote connection from a contractor system) to a VA internal trusted (i.e., non-public network) therefore Information Technology (IT) Security certification and accreditation (authorization) (C&A) requirements do not apply per VA Handbook 6500.6. Data Rights The Government has unlimited rights to all documents/material produced under this contract. All documents and materials, to include the source codes of any software, produced under this contract shall be Government owned and are the property of the Government with all rights and privileges of ownership/copyright belonging exclusively to the Government. These documents and materials may not be used or sold by the contractor without written permission from the Contracting Officer. All materials supplied to the Government shall be the sole property of the Government and may not be used for any other purpose. This right does not abrogate any other Government rights. Period of Performance Work Hours 90 days from performance start date. Work may be scheduled during the day or night (Depending on load demand), Monday thru Friday and/or Saturday thru Sunday. Daytime hours: 6 am to 4 pm Evening hours: 4 pm to 4 am The contractor shall initiate work within 2 weeks of being contacted by the designated Contracting Officer s Point of Contact (POC) or designee. Work shall be scheduled through the POC or designee, who will coordinate with VALLHCS staff. Timelines are subject to change due to VALLHCS operational requirements. All time shall be approved in advance by the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). Allow 5-days for approval of any alternate working hours needed. Federal Holidays New Year s Day January 01 Martin Luther King s Birthday Third Monday in January President s Day Third Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth June 19 Independence Day July 04 Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in October Veterans Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day Fourth Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25 If the holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday will be observed as a national holiday. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday is observed as a National holiday by U.S. Government Agencies, and any day specifically declared by the President of the United States of America. Identification, Check-in, Parking, and Smoking Regulations Identification The vendor's employees shall wear visible identification at all times while on VALLHCS premises. Contractor employees shall report to VA Police upon entry to the VALLHCS facility to get a visitor badge. Contractor employees are required to be escorted by the COR or designee s office once on campus prior to commencement of work. During emergencies contractor personnel shall check in with VALLHCS Police if the VALLHCS COR or designee is not available. All contract personnel attending meetings, answering Government telephones, and working in other situations where their contractor status is not obvious to third parties are required to identify themselves as such to avoid creating an impression in the minds of members of the public that they are Government officials. They must also ensure that all documents or reports produced by contractors are suitably marked as contractor products or that contractor participation is appropriately disclosed. Parking It is the responsibility of the contract personnel to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. Parking information is available from VA Police & Security Service Office. The Contractor assumes full responsibility for any parking violations. Smoking Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Directive 1085, dated March 5, 2019, provides a comprehensive smoke-free policy for patients, visitors, contractors, volunteers, and vendors, at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Veterans Health Administration (VHA) health care facilities. This updated VHA directive implements a smoke-free policy for patients, visitors, contractors, volunteers, and vendors at VA health care facilities, as defined in this directive, based on scientific evidence regarding the adverse health effects of secondhand and thirdhand smoke exposures. The Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Administrative Operations (10NA) and the Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Clinical Operations (10NC) are responsible for the contents of this directive. Questions may be referred to VHA Smoke Free: vhasmokefree@va.gov. This VHA directive is scheduled for recertification on or before the last working day of March 2024. This VHA directive will continue to serve as national VHA policy until it is recertified or rescinded. Weapons and Contraband Possession of weapons or contraband is prohibited and shall be subject to arrest and termination from future performance under this contract. Enclosed containers, including tool kits, shall be subject to search. Violations of VALLHCS regulations may result in citation answerable in the United States (Federal) District Court, not a local district, state, or municipal court. Safety All personnel employed by the Contractor in the performance of this contract, or any representative of the Contractor entering on VALLHCS shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and VA safety and fire regulations and codes, which are in effect during the performance period of the contract. Contractor shall perform work in strict accordance with existing relevant, accredited standards and codes to minimize the possibility of injury to personnel, or damage to Government equipment. Every effort shall be made to safeguard human life and property. Contractor shall comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local requirements regarding workers health and safety. The requirements include, but are not limited to, those found in Federal and State Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA) statutes and regulations, such as applicable provisions of Title 29, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 1910 and 1926, NFPA 70E, Article 130.7 29 CFR 1910.132(d)(1)(iii), 29CFR1910.137. Contractor shall provide all necessary tools, and Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) to perform the work safely, effectively, and timely. Contractor Personnel Contractor s Program Manager The Contractor shall provide a contract program manager who shall be responsible for the performance of the work. The name of this person shall be designated in writing to the Contracting Officer. The Contractor s Program Manager shall have full authority to act for the Contractor on all contract matters relating to daily operation of this contract. Contractor s Employees The Contractor shall not employ persons for work on this contract if such employee is identified to the Contractor as a potential threat to the health, safety, security, general well-being or operational mission of the installation and its population. Contract Personnel shall be subject to the same quality assurance standards or exceed current recognized national standards as established by the Joint Commission (JC). Contractor Qualifications & Other Responsibilities Contractor shall obtain all necessary licenses required to perform this work. Contractor shall take all precautions necessary to protect persons and property from injury or damage during the performance of this contract. Contractor shall be responsible for any injury to himself/herself, his/her employees, or others, as well as for any damage to personal or public property that occurs during the performance of this contract that is caused by him/her or his/her employees fault or negligence. Contractor shall maintain personal liability and property damage insurance prescribed by the laws of the Federal Government. The Government reserves the right to accept or reject Contractor s employee for the rendering of services. Complaints concerning Contract Personnel s performance or conduct will be dealt with by the Contractor and COR with the final decision being made by the Contracting Officer. Insurance Coverage The Contractor agrees to procure and maintain, while the contract is in effect, Workers Compensation and Employee s Public Liability Insurance in accordance with Federal and State of California laws. The Contractor shall be responsible for all damage to property, which may be done by him, or any employee engaged in the performance of this contract. The Government shall be held harmless against any or all loss, cost, damage, claim expense or liability whatsoever, because of accident or injury to persons or property of others occurring in the performance of this contract. Before commencing work under this contract, the Contracting Officer shall require the Contractor to furnish certification from his/her insurance company indicating that the coverage specified by FAR 52.228-5 and per FAR Subpart 28.307-2 has been obtained and that it may not be changed or canceled without guaranteed thirty (30) day notice to the Contracting Officer. Contractor is required to provide copies of proof of Workers Compensation and Employee Public Liability Insurance within fifteen (15) calendar days after notification of contract award. Invoicing and Payment Overtime & Holiday Pay Any overtime and/or holiday pay that may be entitled to the Contractor s employees shall be the sole responsibility of the Contractor and shall not be billed to nor reimbursed by the Government. Contractor will bill and be paid for actual services provided by Contractor personnel. Contractor will not be paid for availability or on-call services unless otherwise provided herein. Payments for leave, including sick leave or vacation time, are the sole responsibility of the contractor. Invoices Payment of services rendered under this contract shall be made in arrears upon satisfactory completion of each service and receipt of a properly prepared invoice and submitted by the Contractor to the payment address specified by Contracting. Invoices shall reference the Contract Number and Purchase Order Number, Manifest Number(s), provide a complete and accurate description of services/ supplies delivered/ rendered, including dates of performance, amounts, unit prices, extended totals and any other data relevant for payment purposes. The Government shall not authorize payment until such time that the VALLHCS COR all properly executed and signed documentation. No advance payments shall be authorized. Payment shall be made on a monthly arrears for services provided during the billing month in arrears in accordance with FAR 52.212-4, para. (i). Upon submission of a properly prepared invoice for prices stipulated in this contract for services delivered and accepted in accordance with the terms and conditions of the contract, less any deductions stipulated in this contract. Payment of invoices may be delayed if the appropriate invoices as specified in the contract are not completed and submitted as required. **End of Statement of Work** The purchase order period of performance is 04/01/2026 - 03/31/2027. Free on Board Origin (FOB) is destination. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: Department of Veterans Affairs VA Loma Linda Healthcare System (VALLHCS) Jerry L. Pettis VA Medical Center (VAMC) 11201 Benton Street Loma Linda, CA Postal Code: 92357-1000 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) FAR 52.203-18, Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation. (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management Registration. (NOV 2024) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.217-5, Evaluation of Options. (JULY 1990) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-52, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Certification. (MAY 2014) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.252-5, Authorized Deviations in Provisions (NOV 2020) VAAR 852.215-72, Notice of Intent to Re-solicit (OCT 2019) VAAR 852.252-70, Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference (JAN 2008) VAAR 852.273-70, Late Offers (NOV 2021) VAAR 852.273-74, Award without Exchanges (NOV 2021) The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference. (FEB 1998) FAR 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights. (NOV 2023) FAR 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements. (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management-Maintenance. (OCT 2018) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting With Inverted Domestic Corporations. (NOV 2015) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) FAR 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (MAR 2000) FAR 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns. (OCT 2022) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements. (MAY 2014) FAR 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification. (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.223-5, Pollution Prevention and Right-to-Know Information (MAY 2024) FAR 52.225-3, Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act. (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving. (MAY 2024) FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management. (OCT 2018) FAR 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors. (MAR 2023) FAR 52.233-3, Protest after Award. (AUG 1996) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim. (OCT 2004) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.237-2, Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation (APR 1984) FAR 52.244-6, Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.252-6, Authorized Deviations in Clauses (NOV 2020) VAAR 852.203-70, Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.204-70, Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (MAY 2020) (DEVIATION FEB 2026) VAAR 852.204-72, Personnel Vetting and Credentialing (MARCH 2026) VAAR 852.212-72, Gray Market and Counterfeit Items-Information Technology Maintenance Allowing Other Than New Parts (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.232-72, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.242-71, Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020) All Invoices from the contractor shall be submitted electronically in accordance with VAAR Clause 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests. This is accomplished through the Tungsten Network located at: http://www.fsc.va.gov/einvoice.asp. This is mandatory and the sole method for submitting invoices. All quoters shall submit the following: All information required by FAR 52.212-1(b) Submission of Offers to include, but not limited to, SAM UEI. All quotes shall be sent to the Network Contracting Office (NCO) Norman.Napper-Rogers@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. The following are the decision factors: Price, and past performance, with price more important. Past performance will be based on CPARS and FAPIIS ratings. No rating in CPARS is equal to a neutral rating. The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms, conditions. NOTE: RFO FAR 52.212-3 is RESERVED and replaced with: https://sam.gov/ registration is required to be complete at time of submission of response. Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) Addenda to FAR 52.212-4 are attached. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Questions shall be received electronically only not later than 10:00 PDT on 03/11/2026 at Norman.Napper-Rogers@va.gov. Submission of your final response shall be received electronically not later than 10:00 PDT on 03/13/2026 at Norman.Napper-Rogers@va.gov. Subject line should include RESPONSE TO RFQ 36C26226Q0463. Submissions shall include your quote using the attached schedule as well as a capabilities statement with qualifications proving all certifications and education required for the work being conducted in the SOW, as this is highly scientific and regulated. Submissions not meeting all requirements of the SOW will be considered ineligible for award. Quotes should be based on the information provided as no discussions will be allowed. This solicitation is being made under FAR 12.201-1 Simplified Procedures. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Phone calls with questions will not be accepted. Point of Contact Norman Napper-Rogers, Contracting Officer, Norman.Napper-Rogers@va.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Norman Napper-Rogers
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Norman.Napper-Rogers@va.gov
  - Phone: 602-795-4170

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f42af4063add402b927d69b4f098d61a/view