---
layout: default
title: Uncrewed Aircraft System Marketplace Commercial Solutions Opening
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: ab23fdadddf9457ca2e0458357e8d050
---

# Uncrewed Aircraft System Marketplace Commercial Solutions Opening

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 16:58:09.356-04
- Solicitation Number: W58RGZ26SC001

## Summary

Issuing Agency: Project Management Office (PMO) Uncrewed Aircraft Systems (UAS) Capability Program Executive, Aviation SFAE-AVN-U Agencies Capable of Issuing Contracts/Agreements: Army Contracting Command - Redstone Period of Availability: This UAS Marketplace Commercial Solutions Opening, open solicitation, will remain open in perpetuity until canceled by the U.S. Army. Call for Solutions will specify individual response times and requirements. Description of Program: In accordance with Executive Order 14307, the UAS Marketplace is the strategy to scale the industrial base and accelerate production deliveries while empowering Soldiers with freedom of choice to meet mission needs. As part of this approach, the PMO UAS will better incentivize industry innovation. UAS Marketplace marks a significant pivot from traditional Department of War (DoW) acquisition business models to a free-market approach founded on the concept of continuous competition that drives innovation, where Soldiers’ demands are directly linked to industry provided capabilities. This CSO will enable the Army to rapidly acquire and deliver innovative solutions to the Warfighter using commercial technology. SECTION A – INTRODUCTION AND AUTHORITY The PMO UAS has identified the following needs: (1) to accelerate the adoption of advanced commercial technology; (2) to transform UAS capabilities; and (3) to grow the industrial base to appropriately support the DoW. This solicitation aims to provide the DoW with access to innovative solutions enabling the DoW to evolve quickly and maintain a competitive edge over adversaries. Industry is at the forefront of innovation, developing cutting-edge capabilities that will enhance the DoW capabilities and protect the Warfighter. The DoW will select vendors whose solutions demonstrate the greatest potential to achieve the DoW's missions. The PMO UAS is maximizing existing authorities by publishing this CSO, open solicitation, combining any single authority or a combination of the authorities below: Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 6.102(d)(2) – Other Competitive Procedures 10 U.S.C. §3458 – Authority to acquire innovative commercial products and commercial services using general solicitation competitive procedures / DFARS 212.70 – Defense Commercial Solutions Opening SECTION B - GENERAL INFORMATION The PMO UAS anticipates that the CSO will be updated frequently to improve processes and to keep pace with evolving threats, needs and innovations. The CSO will be open in perpetuity until canceled by the PMO UAS. Companies are informed that ONLY a warranted Government Contracting/Agreements Officer (KO/AO) (not a Contracting Officer Representative or other personnel) may contractually bind the Government. The Government shall not be liable to pay for work performed by a company unless a warranted KO/AO has signed an agreement in writing stating that the Government shall pay. The Government shall not fund preparation of solution briefs/proposals, or support work efforts or tasks that are inferred from discussions with technical project officers. SECTION C – AREAS OF INTEREST This CSO, open solicitation, covers any of the following example areas. These example areas shall be viewed as suggestive, rather than limiting, and are not reflective of the ONLY DoW areas or in any priority of order. Intelligence, Electronic, Warfare, and Sensors Tactical Communications Soldier Equipment Ancillary Items Simulation and Stimulation Training and Instrumentation Uncrewed Aircraft Systems: Full Systems Air Vehicles Payloads Supply Chain and Logistics Installation Support and Innovation Additive Manufacturing Autonomous Vehicles Software Autonomous Behaviors Command & Control Launched Effects UAS Production (build at scale) SECTION D – COMMERCIAL SOLUTIONS OPENING (CSO) PROCEDURES There are two methods for responding under this CSO: (1) Innovative Warfighter Solutions submissions and (2) Call for Solution submissions. Method 1 - Innovative Warfighter Solutions (IWS) a. Provides a flexible and open-ended opportunity for industry partners to submit solution briefs to any Areas of Interest (AOI) in Section C. This aspect of the CSO is designed to identify and bridge gaps in mission-critical capabilities by inviting innovative solutions from the private sector. The purpose is to encourage a wide range of responses that can enhance and support the example AOIs, foster collaboration and leverage cutting-edge technologies and methodologies to meet evolving operational needs. b. Companies shall follow the procedures outlined in Section D.1 providing a submission to an IWS. c. The submission mailbox for AOI is identified in Section J. Method 2 - Call for Solutions (C4S) a. Provides an opportunity for industry partners to submit innovative solutions in response to Government issued C4S under any AOI in Section C. C4S aim to pinpoint and address critical gaps in essential capabilities by welcoming creative proposals from private sector entities. b.Companies shall follow the procedures outlined below in Section D.2. c.The individual C4S will identify how responses are to be submitted. Method 1 - IWS Overview Companies submitting an IWS in response to the AOIs shall follow the procedures outlined with each call. If the Government does not select a company’s submission for immediate review, the submission will be retained in the Solution Basket. This allows the Government to reconsider the submission for future needs and funding opportunities, maximizing its value to both the vendor and the DoW. The IWS award procedures will utilize up to three (3) phases, as appliable: Solution Brief Live Demonstration and/or Pitch (optional) Commercial Solution Proposal (CSP) Method 2 - C4S Overview CS4 (referred to as “Calls”) will be released and posted via SAM.gov as an amendment under this CSO. The Call will include all relevant submission requirements and evaluation procedures and shall govern the process for evaluations and award. Submission requirements may vary in phases and may take the form of solution briefs, white papers, demonstrations, live pitches, etc. C4S are independent from the IWS procedures discussed above in Section D.1 IWS procedures do not apply to individual Calls. Calls may be written in a broad manner to maximize efficiency, innovation and application when approaching a problem and to allow for maximum participation from vendors who may not be familiar with submitting proposals to Government solicitations. The Government may post Calls at any time. Interested companies are encouraged to frequently check SAM.gov for updates to this solicitation and posted C4S. SECTION E - AWARDS The Government may choose to issue an award(s) in accordance with IWSs or C4S procedures and subject to the availability of funds. The KO/AO reserves the right to negotiate directly with the company on terms and conditions prior to execution of the resulting award instrument, including payment terms, and will execute the instrument on behalf of the Government. All payment obligations of the Government shall be subject to receipt of appropriations from Congress for the purpose, time, and amount of the obligation. Be advised, only a KO/AO has the authority to enter into, or modify, a binding instrument on behalf of the United States Government. Awards issued under this CSO may include, but are not limited to the following award instruments: FAR contracts under FAR Part 12 Commercial Procedures; any fixed price, or fixed price incentive contract type specified under FAR Part 16; and non-FAR agreements such as transaction agreements under 10 U.S.C. 4022 and 10 U.S.C. 4023; for the Army and/or its customers that are directly relevant to enhancing the effectiveness of the AOI identified in Section J. In order to receive an award, the following must be met: a. Companies shall have a Unique Entity Identification (UEI) number and must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to receiving an instrument. If a company does not possess a valid and active SAM registration, companies are advised to commence SAM registration before responding to a Call or IWS. Companies are required to maintain registration in SAM throughout the period of performance of the instrument and during any subsequent follow-on award. b. Companies shall also register in the prescribed Government invoicing system (Wide Area Work Flow: https://wawf.eb.mil/xhtml/unauth/registration/notice.xhtml.) c. Companies shall represent their small business size and status as required in this solicitation. d. Companies shall be determined to be responsible by the KO/AO and must not be suspended or debarred from award by the Federal Government nor be prohibited by Presidential Executive Order and/or law from receiving an award. e. Any actual or potential OCIs shall be identified to KO/AO prior to award. SECTION F – ITERATIVE PROTOTYPING Iterative prototyping is a development methodology where a prototype is created, tested, and refined through multiple cycles, incorporating user feedback and improvements in each iteration, to ensure the final product meets user requirements and expectations effectively. An Other Transaction (OT) for a prototype awarded or an award using 10 U.S.C. 4023 against this open solicitation shall allow for an iterative prototyping process and will be delineated in the award document. An iterative prototyping process will allow the Government to modify, by mutual agreement, the scope of a prototype contract or OT to allow for the adaptation and modification of the technology being prototyped to meet additional unique and discrete purposes/mission sets. The sequential prototype iterations may result in separate phased prototype awards rather than a modification of the original prototype award. These additional unique and discrete purposes/mission sets can be generated by the Government. SECTION I – NON-GOVERNMENT ADVISORS Non-Government advisors may be used in the evaluation of Solution Briefs, Pitches and during the Commercial Solution Proposal phase and negotiations under the IWS procedures or in C4S. Non-Government advisors will have signed non-disclosure agreements (NDAs) with the Government. The company understands that the Government may share proprietary company information with non-Government personnel for evaluation and administrative purposes only. The Government understands that information provided in response to this open solicitation is presented in confidence and may contain trade secret or commercial or financial information, and it agrees to protect such information from unauthorized disclosure to the maximum extent permitted or required by Law, to include: a. 18 U.S.C. 1905 (Trade Secrets Act); b. 18 U.S.C. 1831 et seq. (Economic Espionage Act); c. 5 U.S.C. 552(b)(4) (Freedom of Information Act); d. Executive Order 12600 (Pre-disclosure Notification Procedures for Confidential Commercial Information); and, e. Any other statute, regulation, or requirement applicable to Government employees. Companies shall label any information they want protected as confidential. Submissions will not be returned. The original copy of each submission received will be retained by the Army and all other non-required copies destroyed. SECTION J - CONTACT INFORMATION IWS Solution Brief submissions as detailed in Section D.1, shall be submitted to the email address listed below and shall include the associated AOI in the subject line of the e-mail. If the respondent does not include the AOI in the subject line of the e-mail, the submission will NOT be reviewed. [Area of Interest in Subject Line][ UASMarketplaceIWS@army.mil ] C4S Brief submissions (Section D.2) shall be submitted in accordance with the instructions and points of contact provided in the Call. General questions surrounding this open solicitation shall be submitted to: Email address: [ UASMarketplaceIWS@army.mil ] SECTION K - DEFINITIONS "Call for Solution" (C4S) an announcement posted on SAM.gov, which may result in a contract or OT and includes submission instructions, evaluation criteria, timelines, how the Army will treat late submissions, points of contact, and other specific information. The Call is a request for response from prospective industry partners. “Commercial Solutions Opening” (CSO) is a competitive procedure KO/AO may use to acquire innovative commercial items, technologies, or services. “Innovative” means any item that is (1) Any technology, process, or method, including research and development, that is new as of the date of submission of a proposal; or (2) Any application that is new as of the date of submission of a proposal of a technology, process, or method existing as of such date. “Innovative Warfighter Solutions” (IWS) is a competitive procedure for submitting an Innovative Warfighter Solution in response to a posted Area of Interest (AOI) under this Commercial Solutions Opening (CSO). These procedures create a pathway we call the Solution Basket. The IWS gives industry the opportunity to approach the Government with their innovative solutions. “Nontraditional Defense Contractor” is defined by DFARS 202.101 as an “entity that is not currently performing and has not performed any contract or subcontract for DoD that is subject to full coverage under the cost accounting standards prescribed pursuant to 41 U.S.C. 1502 and the regulations implementing such section, for at least the 1-year period preceding the solicitation of sources by DoD for the procurement (10 U.S.C. 3014).” “Nonprofit Institution” is defined in 15 U.S.C. § 3703 an organization owned and operated exclusively for scientific or educational purposes, no part of the net earnings of which insures to the benefit of any private shareholder or individual. "Other Transaction" refers to the statutory authority to enter into transactions other than procurement contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements. The DoD has the authority to enter into OTs for Research Projects (10 USC 4021), OT for Prototype Projects (10 USC 4022), and DoD relevant OT that support research (10 U.S.C. 4021). “Commercial Solution Proposal” (CSP): is a proposal that is submitted in response to a Call that is governed by a CSO or a response to an unsolicited proposal that is invited to Phase III. CSPs may be requested as a result of Solution Briefs and/or presentations/pitches. “Small Business” is defined under Section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Miguel Harris
  - Email: miguel.c.harris.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Latoya Pryor
  - Email: latoya.s.pryor.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ab23fdadddf9457ca2e0458357e8d050/view)