---
layout: default
title: J065--Lighthouse Central Monitoring: up to 25 nodes monitored
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: f3ac7c49fed14029b1dab974767115a1
---

# J065--Lighthouse Central Monitoring: up to 25 nodes monitored

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 12:44:05.957-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0402
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Request for Quote (RFQ) #: 36C25926Q0402 Lighthouse Central Monitoring for VISN 19 stations for a base year plus 4 additional option years. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation. * The deadline for all questions is 12:00pm MT, Apr 20, 2026. All questions must be submitted in writing no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. ** Quotes are to be provided to thaddeus.gray@va.gov no later than 12:00pm MT, Apr 24, 2026. Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make the award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C25926Q0402. The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01 effective March 13, 2026. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 811210 Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance with a business size standard of $34.0 Million. This solicitation is 100% set-aside for service-disabled veteran owned small businesses (SDVOSB). List of Line Items; Line Items Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price ($) Total Price ($) 0001 Annual Maintenance: Lighthouse: up to 25 nodes monitored - BASE YEAR POP:7/25/2026-7/24/2027. 1 EA 0002 Services: Professional: - BASE YEAR POP:7/25/2026-7/24/2027. 8 EA 0003 Lighthouse Central Monitoring: up to 25 nodes monitored - BASE YEAR POP:7/25/2026-7/24/2027. 1 EA 1001 Annual Maintenance: Lighthouse: up to 25 nodes monitored - OPTION YEAR 1:7/25/2027-7/24/2028. 1 EA 2001 Annual Maintenance: Lighthouse: up to 25 nodes monitored - OPTION YEAR 2:7/25/2028-7/24/2029. 1 EA 3001 Annual Maintenance: Lighthouse: up to 25 nodes monitored - OPTION YEAR 3 POP:7/25/2029-7/24/2030. 1 EA 4001 Annual Maintenance: Lighthouse: up to 25 nodes monitored - OPTION YEAR 4 POP:7/25/2030-7/24/2031. 1 EA Grand Total ($) Description of Requirements for the items/Services to be acquired: The requirement is for VA Lighthouse Central Monitoring for VISN 19 stations for a base year plus 4 additional option years, please reference attached Performance Work Statement (PWS). Delivery and acceptance are to be F.O.B Destination (RFO 52.247-34) at the VA Eastern Colorado Health Care System (ECHCS), located at: VISN Station Address 19 Eastern Oklahoma VA Healthcare System (EOVAHCS) 1011 Honor Heights Drive Muskogee, OK 74401 19 Oklahoma City VA Health Care System 921 Northeast 13th Street Oklahoma City, OK 73104 19 Rocky Mountain Regional VA Medical Center 1700 North Wheeling Street Aurora, CO 80045 19 Sheridan VA Medical Center 1898 Fort Road Sheridan, WY 82801 19 Fort Harrison VA Medical Center 3687 Veterans Drive Fort Harrison, MT 59636 19 Grand Junction VA Medical Center 2121 North Avenue Grand Junction, CO 81501 19 Cheyenne VA Medical Center 2360 East Pershing Boulevard Cheyenne, WY 82001 19 Salt Lake Medical Center 500 Foothill Boulevard Salt Lake City, UT 84144 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. If the acquisition is set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs, their socioeconomic status must be verified and visible in the SBA Small Business Certification (SBS): https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ at the time of quote submission AND award, or will be considered non-responsive, and will NOT be considered for award. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement; (II) Price; (III) Past Performance; and (IV) Completion of VAAR 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting - Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction. Volume I - Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets the requirements of the Statement of Work (SOW) and solicitation. Offeror shall include bond coverage, insurance certification, and company s authorized personnel list, as needed. Volume II Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (v) above: Price/Cost Schedule. The offeror shall price the base and all option year line items. Volume III Past Performance Offerors shall provide up to three (3) recent and relevant past efforts (as defined below) to demonstrate how well it performed the contract. If a completed Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) evaluation is available, it shall be submitted. If not providing CPARS evaluation past performance references must include contract numbers, amount of contract award, point of contact with email address, telephone numbers and other relevant information, and a description of product/work performed under the contract. To be relevant, the effort must be similar in nature of work, size, magnitude, complexity, and scope of this procurement. To be recent past performance is defined as not more than five years from the RFQ release date of this solicitation. Volume IV VAAR 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting - Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction. The offeror shall complete the provision VAAR 852-219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting - Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction. Offeror must list any/all subcontractors (and their size standard IAW NAICS 811210) if they will be utilized for this requirement AND what they will be performing. How is your firm going to comply with Limitations on Subcontracting requirements? If no subcontractors will be used, please state No Subcontractors will be used for this requirement in the response. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement Factor II. Price Factor III. Past Performance Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Technical capability factor is more important than the Price factor. Factor II. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make a price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1 shall not be selected regardless of price. Factor III. Past Performance: The Government will evaluate on how well the offeror identified performance relates to the requirement procured under the PWS for this procurement to determine relevancy. How well the offeror performed on identified contracts shall be used to assess performance confidence. Past Performance Factor is more important than the Price factor. The Government may use other methods to evaluate past performance, including but not limited to review of Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS), Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS), Electronic Subcontract Reporting System (eSRS), or other databases; interviews with Program Managers, Contracting Officers, and Fee Determining Officials; and as appropriate, the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Acquisition Information Repository, accessible through the Defense Technical Information Center website. In the case of an offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available, the offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. If offeror does not provide all volumes as outlined in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions, the offer may be considered nonresponsive. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s) (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable Number Title Source (X) X 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government Statute X 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct Statute X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Statute X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Statute X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Other X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance Statute 52.204-91 Contractor identification Other X 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment Statute X 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Statute X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Statute 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns Statute X 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside Statute 52.219-6 with Alt I Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside, with Alternate I Statute X 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-9 Small Business Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-9 with Alt I Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-9 with Alt II Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate II Statute 52.219-9 with Alt III Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate III Statute 52.219-9 with Alt IV Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate IV Statute X 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting Statute 52.219-16 Liquidated Damages Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule Statute X 52.222-3 Convict Labor EO X 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies EO X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Statute 52.222-35 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Veterans, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Statute 52.222-36 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Statute X 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act EO X 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Statute 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits Statute X 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) Statute 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment Statute X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons Statute 52.222-50 with Alt I Combating Trafficking in Persons, with its Alternate I Statute 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Requirements Other 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services Requirements Other X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification EO X 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 EO 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items Statute 52.223-9 with Alt I Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items, with Alternate I Statute 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Statute Hydrofluorocarbons 52.223-12 Maintenance Statute 52.223-20 Aerosols Statute 52.223-21 Foams Statute X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services Statute 52.224-3 Privacy Training Statute 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies Statute 52.225-1 with Alt I Buy American-Supplies, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-3 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Statute 52.225-3 with Alt II Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate II Statute 52.225-3 with Alt III Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate III Statute 52.225-3 with Alt IV Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate IV Statute 52.225-5 Trade Agreements Statute 52.225-19 Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States Other 52.225-26 Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States Statute 52.226-4 Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside Statute 52.226-5 Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area Statute X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving EO 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Statute 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.232-30 Installment Payments of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management Statute 52.232-34 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Other than System for Award Management Statute 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party Statute X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Statute 52.232-90 Fast Payment Procedure Statute X 52.233-3 Protest After Award Statute X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Statute X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Statute 52.240-91 with Alt I Security Prohibitions and Exclusions, with Alternate I Statute 52.240-92 Security Requirements Other 52.240-92 with Alt II Security Requirements with Alternate II Other 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.247-64 Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels Statute 52.247-64 with Alt I Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate I Statute 52.247-64 with Alt II Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate II Statute Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days. 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (MAR 2000) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 45 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 5 years. 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203- 70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.219- 73 VA Notice of Total Set-Aside for Certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses. (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VAAR 852.232- 72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.246- 71 Rejected Goods (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.222- 71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899. (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.233- 70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233- 71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions Statute X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation Statute X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration Statute 52.204-7 with Alt I System for Award Management Registration, with Alternate I Statute 52.204-90 Offeror Identification Statute 52.207-6 Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple- Award Contracts) Statute 52.209-12 Certification Regarding Tax Matters Statute 52.219-2 Equal Low Bids Statute 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products E.O. 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Certification Other 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification Other 52.222-56 Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan Statute 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification Statute 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Statute 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate Statute 52.225-6 Trade Agreements-Certificate Statute 52.225-20 Prohibition on Conducting Restricted Business Operations in Sudan-Certification Statute 52.225-25 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran-Representation and Certifications Statute 52.226-3 Disaster or Emergency Area Representation Statute 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation Statute X 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications Statute The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to thaddeus.gray@va,gov by 4:00pm MT, April 24, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Thaddeus F. Gray thaddeus.gray@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Thaddeus Gray
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: thaddeus.gray@va.gov
  - Phone: 303-712-5739

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f3ac7c49fed14029b1dab974767115a1/view)