---
layout: default
title: DA10--Modernized Enterprise Electronic Freedom of Information Act (eFOIA) SaaS Solution
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 6f3ebb791d7d4fa1ac80412a8f2d89e4
---

# DA10--Modernized Enterprise Electronic Freedom of Information Act (eFOIA) SaaS Solution

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 16:00:12.449-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10B26Q0216
- Awardee: null

## Summary

The purpose of Amendment 0001, to Request for Information (RFI), 36C10B26Q0216, is to: Extend the response date to: March 17, 2026 @ 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time. Questions have been received in response to the RFI. Questions and Responses will be posted prior to March 17, 2026. Except as described herein, all other terms and conditions remain unchanged and in full force and effect. Modernized Enterprise Electronic Freedom of Information Act (eFOIA) SaaS Solution US Department of Veterans Affairs Request for Information/Sources Sought VA-26-00037131 Modernized Enterprise Electronic Freedom of Information Act (eFOIA) SaaS Solution This Request for Information (RFI)/Sources Sought is for planning purposes only and shall not be considered an Invitation for Bids, Request for Quotations, or a Request for Proposal. Additionally, there is no obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any products or services described in this RFI. Your response to this RFI will be treated only as information for the Government to consider. You will not be entitled to payment for direct or indirect costs that you incur in responding to this RFI. This request does not constitute a solicitation for proposals or the authority to enter into negotiations to award a contract. No funds have been authorized, appropriated, or received for this effort. The information provided may be used by the VA in developing its acquisition strategy and Product Description. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. The Government does not intend to pay for the information submitted in response to this RFI. This is an RFI/Sources Sought only. Do not submit a proposal or quote. It is requested that all companies interested in participating in this effort please note their interest and submit a capability statement demonstrating their ability to meet this requirement. Requirements: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Technology Acquisition Center (TAC) is soliciting for information related to the attached Draft Performance Work Statement (PWS). Interested parties are invited to review the attached PWS and to make comments or suggestions. The goal of this RFI is to provide a procurement framework that may be used for a subsequent acquisition. Nothing in this document should be considered binding or in any way obligate VA to perform. VA welcomes comments on any part of this document. For project planning and information gathering, the Draft PWS is attached which defines the scope of requirements. Information obtained from this RFI will be used within the VA and will not be disclosed outside of the agency. Please submit the following: 1. Your organization s capability to provide the entire range of requirements. Specifically, please provide a brief summary of your technical approach to meet the requirements specified in the Draft PWS to include any supporting information. 2. Request Company information to include: a. Company Name b. CAGE/UEI Number under which the company is registered at SAM.gov c. Company Address d. Point of contact name e. Telephone number f. Email address g. Socioeconomic data h. For Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB)/Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) concerns, indicate whether you could meet VAAR 852.219-73 (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VA Notice of Total SDVOSB set aside and 13 CFR §125.6, which states, the contractor will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the Government to firms that are not SDVOSBs as defined by VAAR 852.219-73 (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION). i. Company Business Size and Status for NAICS. j. Names and types of current federal contracts and/or contract vehicles (GSA, GWAC, or any other Schedule if you are included in one or more. Please include Contract Number, expiration date, etc.). k. What schedule are you able to submit solicitation responses (NASA SEWP, GSA, etc.) l. If you able to submit responses under NAICS 541519. 3. If the proposed solution is other than the existing product, please provide a timeline on how you propose to implement this solution to ensure seamless support is provided. In addition, please provide information on the following: a. Has the Performance Work Statement adequately addressed this requirement? Is there any additional suggested information that could/should be included? b. Is the solution proprietary? c. Is it open source? d. Provide your FedRAMP and Authority To Operate (ATO) status. If proposing a hosted solution, please provide relevant information (e.g. already established Trusted Internet Connection; FEDRAMP compliant). Additionally, please identify if the proposed solution has received an Authority to Operate from VA (or another Government Agency). If not a VA ATO what is your timeline or milestone to achieving a VA ATO. 5. Provide a Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) outlining all major Price components of the solution. 6. Provide details as to whether the requirement will be met solely by the prime contractor or if there will be a teaming/sub-contracting relationship. RFI SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: VA requests a clear, concise, and complete response to this RFI. As part of the submission, VA is under no obligation to provide feedback to the RFI respondent, or to contact the RFI respondent for clarification of any information submitted as part of the response. Please submit your RFI response in accordance with the following: 1) No more than 10- pages. 2) Mark your response as Proprietary Information if the information is considered business sensitive. 3) NO MARKETING MATERIALS ARE ALLOWED AS PART OF THIS RFI. The Government will not review any other information or attachments included, that are in excess of the 10-page limit. The Government will not review generic marketing materials that do not address the information contained herein or the attached documents. All interested parties shall respond no later than 11:00 AM EDT on March 10, 2026 via e-mail. If you have any questions on the RFI, please submit via e-mail as well to the TAC points of contact listed below by March 3, 2026. All questions and answers will be posted to this site as an attachment. Please note VA-26-00037131 Modernized Enterprise eFOIA SaaS Solution in the subject line of your response. The TAC point of contact for this RFI is Contract Specialist, Kawana Tyler-Simms, Email address: Kawana.Tyler-Simms@va.gov, and Contracting Officer, Patrick Hamilton, Email address: Patrick.Hamilton2@va.gov. See Attached Document: DRAFT Performance Work Statement Modernized Enterprise eFOIA SaaS Solution, dated February 23, 2026

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kawana Tyler-Simms
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: kawana.tyler-simms@va.gov
  - Phone: 848-377-5041

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6f3ebb791d7d4fa1ac80412a8f2d89e4/view