---
layout: default
title: V-300 Firearms Trainers, Associated Support Equipment, and respective New Equipment Training - Country of Tajikistan
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 6873ede836034dbfabf4cefb98325389
---

# V-300 Firearms Trainers, Associated Support Equipment, and respective New Equipment Training - Country of Tajikistan

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 14:52:14.459-04
- Solicitation Number: PANORL-26-P-0000-026421

## Summary

V-300 Firearms Trainers Sources Sought Notification - Foreign Military Sales (FMS), Tajikistan U.S. Army Capability Program Executive for Simulation, Training, Test, and Threat (CPE ST3) PURPOSE CPE ST3 is seeking information regarding the relevant experience and capabilities from industry partners interested in performing this potential requirement. This information will be used to: Determine which businesses exist that can meet the requirement Assess the market's technical capabilities Determine rough order of magnitude on cost and schedule Identify commercial practices and solutions INTRODUCTION: The U.S. Army Contracting Command - Orlando (ACC-Orlando) is issuing this Sources Sought Notice (SSN) on behalf of the U.S. Army Capability Program Executive for Simulation, Training, Test, and Threat (CPE ST3) International Program Office (IPO) as a means of conducting market research to identify potential sources, interested parties, and/or industry technologies available to provide V-300 Firearms Trainers, Associated Support Equipment, and respective New Equipment Training (NET), on behalf of the country of Tajikistan. ACC-Orlando invites interested parties to provide responses in accordance with the information that follows. Information gained from this Sources Sought Notice will assist ACC-Orlando and CPE ST3 in developing its acquisition approach. The potential requirement will consist of a base effort. The expected Period of Performance (PoP) for the base requirements will be 24 months after contract award. The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of procurement, if a requirement materializes. Based on the responses to this Sources Sought Notice/Market Research, this requirement may be set aside for small businesses (in full or in part) or procured through full and open competition. All small business set-aside categories will be considered. Depending on the acquisition approach selected the intent is to award to a single contractor. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding submissions. New Requirement: Yes / Follow-on: No DISCLAIMER: THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP). IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. PROGRAM BACKGROUND: The Country of Tajikistan is seeking to enhance their training capabilities through the potential procurement of V-300 Firearms Trainers, Associated Support Equipment, and New Equipment Training (NET) via the FMS program. REQUIRED CAPABILITIES: The V-300 MIL Firearms Trainer provides the Tajikistan Armed Forces with a high fidelity, five-screen firearms training simulator that provides a 300-degree immersive environment for law enforcement, military, and public safety professionals to train for high-stakes, split-second decision-making scenarios. It includes a vast library of scenarios (e.g., active shooter response, domestic violence, traffic stops, crisis de-escalation) with an average of 85 branching options per scenario, allowing the instructor to alter outcomes in real-time based on the trainee's actions and verbal commands. This requirement consists of Firearms Trainers, Associated Support Equipment, and NET for Tajikistan. Requirements of the effort are as follows, no alternatives will be considered: Base System requirements include: (3 EA) V-300® 4K-ProTruss Simulator (2000307/V-300-4K-TC-PT) (6 EA) V-Threat-Fire return-fire simulator Device (5000610/V-TF) (15 EA) Tetherless-Glock 17 (Gen 1-4)(4001700/V-G17-KIT-1) (15 EA) Tetherless-Glock 17- Standard Magazine (4001706/V-G17-SM) (15 EA) Tetherless-AK-47 recoil kit (4010470/V-AKA47-KIT-1) (15 EA) Tetherless-AK-47 Magazine (4010473/V-AK47-SM) (3 EA) Refill Station (5000750/V-RFS) (3 EA) Tetherless-Glock 17/45-Adapter Plate (4001710/V-G17-SM-AP) (3 EA) V-300® Installation/Training-International (8000301/V-300-INSTL-INTL) (1 EA) Professional Services 1, translation of documents into Russian (3 EA) Professional Services 2, Site Surveys at 3 different locations (1 LOT) Spare Parts (3 LOT) New Equipment Training (NET) / On Site Acceptance Test (OSAT) at 3 different locations within Tajikistan (1) The Firearms Trainers and Associated Support Equipment shall be ready for In-Plant Inspection, Inventory, and Government Acceptance Testing by the US. Government NLT ten (10) months after contract award. (2) On-Site Inspection, Inventory, Installation, and Government OSAT and NET shall be completed NLT twenty-four (24) months after contract award. (3) NET shall include Operator and Maintenance training to be delivered during a period of ten (10) working days. (4) The Firearms Trainers and Associated Support Equipment must be FMS releasable, non-developmental items. (5) The Government desires a system with minimal maintenance and inspection requirements at the organizational level. The system should also be easily repairable for deployed units. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: Any resulting contract shall be compliant with the specialty metals restriction of the Berry Amendment (10 U.S.C. 2533a and 2533b) in accordance with DFARS clauses 252.225-7008 and 252.225-7009. ACQUISITION STRATEGY – PLANNING INFORMATION: 1. Contract Vehicle: The determination of Contract Vehicle and Small Business Set Aside or Full and Open Competition will not be established until market research has been completed and the Acquisition Strategy has been approved. 2. North American Industry Classification (NAICS): The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 333310 (Commercial and Service Industry Machinery Manufacturing), with a Size Standard of 1000 Employees. The applicable Product Service Code (PSC) is 6930 (Operation Training Devices). *NOTE 01: The current Small Business Administration (SBA) Table of Small Business Size Standards was updated 17 March 2023; since the beginning of 2022, the SBA has regularly updated the table to account for inflation. Businesses must update their SAM.gov profiles in order to have their small business status reflect the most current small business size standards. Until updated, the System for Award Management profiles will continue to display the small business status under outdated size standards. *NOTE 02: In accordance with 13 C.F.R. 121.104, the current calculation for dollar (monetary) value based NAICS codes is average total receipts over the last five (5) completed fiscal years. *NOTE 03: In accordance with 13 C.F.R. 121.106, the current calculation for employee based NAICS codes is average number of employees used for each pay period for the preceding completed 24 calendar months. SUBMISSION DETAILS: Interested businesses should submit a brief capabilities statement package demonstrating ability to provide the products/systems listed in this Technical Description. Currently, the Government is not conducting interchange meetings or holding presolicitation conferences. All information is to be provided via email. Your response to this Sources Sought Notice shall be electronically submitted to the Contract Specialist via email, rosa.rivera53.civ@army.mil, no later than 2:00 p.m. (EST) on 27 MAR 2026 and reference this synopsis number in the subject line of the e-mail and on all enclosed documents. Information and materials submitted in response to this request WILL NOT be returned. DO NOT SUBMIT CLASSIFIED MATERIAL. Email Subject Line: PANORL-26-P-0000-026421 / V-300 Firearms Trainers / Company Name SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS The security classification level of this contract will not exceed Controlled Unclassified Information. Any resulting contract shall be compliant with the specialty metals restriction of the Berry Amendment (10 U.S.C. 2533a and 2533b) in accordance with DFARS clauses 252.225-7008 and 252.225-7009. Written responses to this Sources Sought Notice should consist of the following: (a) Your firm's degree of familiarity and specific experience with implementation of training solutions to meet the training requirements. (b) Provide a tailored capability statements addressing the requirements of this notice, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. (c) A statement indicating if your firm is a large or small business under NAICS code 333310; if small business, please indicate any applicable socio-economic status [i.e., 8a, Small Disadvantaged Business, HUBZone, Veteran-Owned Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, or Women-Owned Small Business under NAICS 333310. (d) Identify if you are a manufacturer of these items or if a small business prime, how you will comply with FAR 52.219-33, Nonmanufacturer Rule. (e) If you plan on subcontracting to other companies to deliver technical capability, please provide details on exactly which tasks will be assigned to those subcontractors; in addition, provide the names of those anticipated subcontractors, and list the anticipated percentage of small business subcontracting. (f) Provide Safety Assessment Report (SAR) or equivalent documentation to prove that the Firearms Trainers have been proven safe for use. All information/materials received in response to this Sources Sought Notice that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. *NOTE (LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING): If you are a small business interested in being the prime contractor for this effort, please be advised that FAR clause 52.219-14 (Limitations on Subcontracting) was updated in October 2022. The current clause adds the definition of “Similarly Situated Entity” and the 50% calculation for compliance with the clause. Small business prime contractors may now count “first tier subcontractor” work performed by a “Similarly Situated Entity” as if it were performed by the prime contractor itself. If you intend to be a prime contractor, please describe how you plan on meeting the requirements of FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting. Small businesses considering utilizing a “Similarly Situated Entity” to fulfill these requirements should also include the following information in their response: the entity’s name, Unique Entity ID/CAGE Code, and small business size status under the NAICS code you would assign for their workshare. This information will support market research and set-aside determinations and assist the Government in evaluating capability. Information regarding any planned “Similarly Situated Entity” should be included in answering any questions outlined in the SSN in order to assist the Government's capability determination.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Rosa I. Rivera
  - Email: rosa.rivera53.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 520-714-5517
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Cornel D. Codner
  - Email: cornel.d.codner.civ@mail.mil
  - Phone: 520-714-5681

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6873ede836034dbfabf4cefb98325389/view)