---
layout: default
title: Lift Lines
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: b60c96a3570945cf8df97a8f3439f54e
---

# Lift Lines

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 12:51:22.621-04
- Solicitation Number: N6660426Q0175

## Summary

PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE NOTICE CAREFULLY AS IT CONSTITUES THE ONLY NOTICE THAT WILL BE ISSUED. This is a combined synopsis and solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6-Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation is not a request for competitive quotes. A determination not to compete this proposed requirement based on responses to this solicitation is solely within the discretion of the Government. Quotes received will normally be considered solely for the purposes of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement in the future. The Request for Quote (RFQ) Number is N66604-26-Q-0209. This requirement is being solicited as a sole source requirement for Peck & Hale, L.L.C. products. These lift lines have a unique exterior anti-abrasion coating that is hazardous to produce. Peck & Hale’s lift lines have gone through extensive testing, as well as a four-year observation, to ensure their Urethane coating meets the mission of torpedo recovery. Testing and approving another manufacturer’s lift lines would cause unacceptable additional costs and schedule slip and is therefore not in the best interest of the Government at this time. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this acquisition is 336999, the Small Business Size Standard is 1,000 employees. The Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division Newport (NUWCDIVNPT) intends to award a Firm Fixed Price Type purchase order for the below items: CLIN 0001: Quantity of Five (5) Lift Lines (green), Part #: SLR2-1 Delivery is F.O.B. Destination to Newport, RI 02841. Delivery shall occur on or before twenty (20) weeks after receipt of award. Please include any applicable shipping charges. The Government’s evaluation method shall be Lowest Priced, Technically Acceptable (LPTA) in accordance with the attached Instructions and Evaluation Factors. Any offeror that does not include all required documentation may not be considered technically acceptable. Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 1 (self) is applicable for this purchase. All offerors must have a level 1 or above Self Assessment uploaded to the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) module on the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website in order to be considered for award. Incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the latest Federal Acquisition Circular. The following FAR clauses and provisions apply to this solicitation: 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements. 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance. 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications. 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting With Inverted Domestic Corporations. 52.209-11, Representation by corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items 52.222-3, Convict Labor. 52.222-19, Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies. 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans. 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons. 52.223-23, Sustainable Products. 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving. 52.232-8, Discounts for Prompt Payment. 52.232-11, Extras. 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management. 52.232-39, Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations. 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors. 52.233-1, Disputes. 52.233-3, Protest after Award. 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim. 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications. 52.240-91, Security Prohibitions and Exclusions. 52.243-1, Changes-Fixed Price. 52.244-6, Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.249-1, Termination for Convenience of the Government (Fixed-Price) (Short Form). The following DFARS clauses apply to this solicitation: 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials. 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights 252.204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product. 252.204-7008, Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls 252.204-7009, Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information, 252.204-7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting (DEVIATION 2024-O0013, Revision 1) 252.204-7019 Notice of NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements, 252.204-7018, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services 252.204-7020 NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements, 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System 252.211-7003 Item Identification and Valuation 252.215-7013 Supplies and Services Provided by Nontraditional Defense Contractors 252.225-7000 Buy American—Balance of Payments Program Certificate. 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program. 252.225-7002 Qualifying Country Sources as Subcontractors. 252.225-7013, Duty-Free Entry. 252.225-7048, Export-Controlled Items. 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments. 252.243-7001, Pricing of Contract Modifications. 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea. Full text of incorporated FAR/DFARS clauses and provisions are available at www.acquisition.gov/far The method of payment is via Electronic Payment through Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). In accordance with DFAR Clause 252.211-7003, the contractor shall provide a unique item identifier (UID) for all delivered items for which the Government’s unit acquisition cost is $5,000.00 or more. This solicitation requires registration with the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award, pursuant to applicable regulations and guidelines. Registration information can be found at www.sam.gov The quote shall include price, delivery terms, and the following additional information with submission: point of contact (including phone number and email address), contractor cage code, and contractor Unique Entity Identification (UEID). A quote received after the closing date and time specified may be ineligible for award. The quote may be submitted via email to the email address below and must be received on or before Thursday, 26 March 2026 at 1400 eastern time. Offers received after the closing date are considered to be late and may not be considered for award. For information on this acquisition, contact Franklin Patton at franklin.k.patton2.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Franklin Patton
  - Email: franklin.k.patton2.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 4018326525

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b60c96a3570945cf8df97a8f3439f54e/view)