---
layout: default
title: 8920--Bread IDIQ for SoCal VAMCs
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 1b881a5adae04ae790b3a0659b66a1ea
---

# 8920--Bread IDIQ for SoCal VAMCs

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-31 16:59:32.792-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0579
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) /Â SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE IS ISSUEDÂ SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION ABOUT PRICING, DELIVERY, THE MARKET, AND CAPABILITIES IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI FOR PLANNING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a Sources Sought Notice / RFI only. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice / RFI is to gain information about potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 311812 (size standard of 1,000 Employees). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI, further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcements may be published. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking sources capable of providing variety types of bread listed below. STATEMENT OF WORK Objective The Department of Veterans Affairs requires Network Contracting Office (NCO) 22 to set up Base plus option Four years a single award Firm Fixed-price Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract for fresh bread types. The contractor shall provide fresh bread products listed on the schedule to the VA Greater Los Angeles, Long Beach, San Diego, and Loma Linda Healthcare Systems as needed basis. Orders shall be placed by email, telephone, or in writing via fax, as mutually agreed upon between the facility point of contact (POC) and contractor at least two business days prior to the anticipated delivery date. Participating VA Medical Centers VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System (691) 11301 Wilshire Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 90073-1003 VA Long Beach Healthcare System (600) 5901 East 7th Stret, Long Beach, CA 90822-5201 VA San Diego Healthcare System (664) 3350 La Jolla Village Drive, San Diego, CA 92161-0001 VA Loma Linda Healthcare System (605) 11201 Benton Street, Loma Linda, CA 92357-1000 Period of Performance Base: 5/1/2026 4/30/2027 Option Year 1: 5/1/2027 4/30/2028 Option Year 2: 5/1/2028 4/30/2029 Option Year 3: 5/1/2029 4/30/2030 Option Year 4: 5/1/2030 4/30/2031 Deliverables Quantities are estimated only. Quantities are estimated for a year performance. Estimated quantities shall remain the same throughout all base plus option four years: Description Estimated Quantity Amish Bun, Plain Hamburger Bun 6PK 6,000 Amish Pain de Mie, Sliced 3/4", 21 slices per loaf 100 Bread, Wheat (Prairie), 1/2" sliced, 21 slices per loaf 1,927 Bread, White (Amish), 1/2" sliced, 21 slices per loaf 1,868 Bread, White (Amish), 1/2" sliced, 30 slices per loaf 500 Bread, White (Amish), 3/4" sliced, 13 slices per loaf 1 Brioche Buns 6PK 1,290 Brioche Loaf, 3/4" sliced, 21 slices per loaf 400 Brioche slider 12ct 720 Cheese Dinner Roll 12 ct. 810 Ciabatta Roll, Par-Baked Box-96ct 145 Country French Roll, Par-Baked Box-96ct 123 French Dinner Roll 12ct 5,500 French Roll, Par-Baked Box-96ct 133 Garlic Dinner Roll 12 ct. 450 Hot Dog Bun 12PK 2,050 Lobster Roll 30ct 144 Malted Brown Dinner Roll 12 ct. 450 Malted Brown Roll, Par-Baked Box-96ct 83 Onion bun 6PK 720 Prairie Loaf, Sliced (WW), 1/2" sliced, 21 slices 1,400 Pretzel Dinner Roll (12ct) 3,560 Roasted Garlic Dinner Roll, Par Baked Box-96 ct 149 Rosemary Sage Dinner Roll 12ct 360 Sourdough Dinner Roll 12 ct. 450 The quantities cited above chart are estimated quantities for base and all option periods; quantities are not a contractual statement of precise quantities that the Government will order. The quantities given are estimated only, and no guarantee of their accuracy is either given or implied. The Government will only pay for quantities that are actually ordered and for which the services are fulfilled. Contractor may offer alternate pack sizes; however, the estimated quantities shall be adjusted accordingly. Order Limitations Minimum Order Threshold per Delivery Order $5,000.00 Maximum Order Threshold per Delivery Order $350,000.00 Compliance with Federal Laws and Regulations All deliveries shall conform in every respect to the provision of the federal food, drug, and cosmetic Act USC title 21, chapter 9 (FD&C Act) and regulation promulgated there under. Where applicable, the interpretation of requirements (Descriptive terms), methods ascertaining grades, testing, etc., shall be in accordance with those contained in the U.S. standards for the particular products in effect on the date of solicitation. The contractor agrees to provide the products listed to participating VA Medical Centers for base period, and option years if exercised by the Government. Deliveries shall be in such quantities and at such times as may be required in accordance with all terms, conditions, provisions, and schedules of this contract. Please note quantities are estimated only. There is not a contractual statement of precise quantities that the Government will order under this IDIQ contract. The Government will only pay for quantities that are actually ordered and for which the services are fulfilled off of each delivery order. All products furnished under this contract shall be processed and packaged under sanitary conditions in strict accordance with guidelines provided by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture, using the best commercial practices that are standard for the industry. All containers shall be clean, sound, and securely covered or sealed to provide adequate protection from dirt, filth, or contamination. All ingredients shall be clean, sound, wholesome and free from evidence of rodent or insect infestation. Failure to comply with provision shall be considered grounds for default of the contract. All current USDA Standards and guidelines must be followed and met through the entire production, packaging, labeling, and delivery process. Ingredients for fresh bread and bakery products shall consist of flour, water, salt, yeast, emulsifiers or stabilizers, and other ingredients appropriate for the type of bread specified in the schedule of products. The fresh bread includes mold inhibitors of proper levels as allowed by the federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. Products shall be delivered in an enclosed truck, which protects the bread products from dirt or other contamination. Bread products shall be delivered on racks and not stacked one on top the other unless separated by shelving or spacers. All loaves, packages and individually wrapped breads and rolls will be clearly labeled with the expiration or used by date. By submitting an offer, the contractor certifies that the products offered meet the requirements of the solicitation and: Requirements of Federal, State, and local regulations Conforms to the producer s own specifications and standards, including product characteristics, manufacturing procedures, quality control procedures, and storage and handling practices Contractor shall obtain a business license, a food handler s certificate for all employees, a seller s permit, and a certificate of occupancy required to perform work stated under this Statement of Work. Contractor shall take all precautions necessary to protect persons and property from injury or damage during the performance of this contract. Contractor shall be responsible for any injury to himself/herself, his/her employees, or others, as well as for any damage to personal or public property that occurs during the performance of this contract that is caused by him/her or his/her employees fault or negligence. Contractor shall maintain personal liability and property damage insurance prescribed by the laws of the Federal Government. The Government reserves the right to accept or reject Contractor s employee for the rendering of services. Complaints concerning Contract Personnel s performance or conduct will be dealt with by the Contractor and Program Office Manager with the final decision being made by the Contracting Officer. Product Requirements Enriched Flour: When the bread or bakery product is enriched, the wheat flour used for the bread shall conform to the U.S. Standards of Identity for Enriched Flour (1 CFR 137.165) and shall be milled from a variety of hard and or soft wheat. Appearance and Color: The fresh bread and applicable bakery products shall have a uniformly brown crust which is characteristic of the bread product. The fresh bread and baker products shall have a typical volume, characteristic grain, and be evenly baked and without evidence of foreign odors or flavors, burnt, scorched, stale, rancid or moldy. The delivered products shall not be crushed o damaged. Quality and Freshness: Fresh bread and bakery products shall conform to the following freshness requirements: Bread (Loaf, muffins, hamburger, and hotdog rolls) shall be delivered to the VA Facilities within 24 hours after baking. Brown and serve rolls shall be delivered within 36 hours after production. The Government reserves the right to return products in the original packing for full credit if they have visible signs of poor quality within 24 hours after delivery. Physical Hazards: products shall be clean, sound, wholesome, and be free from foreign material such as, but not limited to, dirt, insect parts, hair, wood, glass, or metal. Bread/bakery items must be freshness dated in either of the following methods: Production date or freshness expiration date directly marked on packaging or twist tie/plastic closure. Production date or freshness expiration date color coding or similar type markings on packaging or twist tie/plastic closure. SPECIAL NOTE: production date on individually wrapped items. Bread shall have a minimum of five (5) days of shelf life after the date of delivery. Packaging, Packing and Labeling Unless otherwise specified, preservation, packaging, and packing shall be to a degree of protection to preclude damage during normal shipping conditions, handling, etc., and shall conform to normal commercial practice and applicable carrier rules and regulations involving shipment from the contractor to the receiving activity for storage. Shipping containers shall be incompliance with National Motor Freight Classification and Uniform Freight classification (Issue in effect at the time of shipment). The package shall be clean, sound, and securely covered to sealed to provide adequate protection from dirt, filth, and contamination. All products shall be clean, sound, wholesome and free from evidence of rodent or insect infestation. Failure to comply with this provision shall be considered grounds for default of the contract. Labeling shall be in accordance with commercial labeling, complying with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated there under. Unless otherwise specified, preservation, packaging and packing shall be to a degree of protection to preclude damage during normal shipping conditions and shall conform to normal commercial practices and applicable carrier rules and regulations involving shipment from contractor to receiving activity for storage. All items must be identified with readable dates (open code dates, or color-coded dates. The product color code shall explain the actual date of production. The successful offeror shall furnish the POC and the contracting officer with the instructions for deciphering the date on which the pasteurization process was completed. This information is to be furnished within five days of award of a contract. Ordering Orders shall be placed upon receipt of an approved delivery order (DO) and purchase order (PO). An approved DO and PO shall be signed by a warranted Contracting Officer (CO). An approved DO and PO shall be emailed from the CO to the Contractor prior to the period of performance start date. Participating VAMCs will start placing order with an approved PO through the contractor s ordering website or phone. The POC or other delegate of Nutrition and Food Service from each VAMC shall place orders by website, email, telephone, in writing via fax, or any manner consistent with accepted business practices at least two (2) business day prior to the anticipated delivery date. An order number will be provided to Contractor by each facility at the time the order is placed. Participating VAMCs intend to place multiple orders per week. Consequently, the contractor is required to deliver multiple orders per week (deliveries shall vary per ordering station: one (1) to five (5) deliveries per week). Availability, Substitutions and Alternates: Contractor will order quantities of products based on the facility s menu needs, with oversight and concurrence from facility. All products offered will be available to be ordered for delivery at any station location listed in the contract. Any proposed alternate items shall meet the requirements of the Government specifications as cited in the Index of Federal Specifications/Standards (FED) and or commercial Item Description (CID). A-A-20052B and A-A-20053B. Contractor will not substitute any items and will not increase or decrease quantities ordered without prior approval from the POC. Should any product under this contract become unavailable or available on a limited basis, either temporarily or permanently, the Contract shall provide the Government with sufficient notification thereof, offering possible substitutions and/or alternative sources, to afford the Government adequate opportunity to approve or reject offered substitution and/or make other procurement arrangements. Deliveries Deliveries shall be made to the area(s) listed, unless otherwise directed by the POC or designated individual shall sign for all deliveries. Off-loading of products shall occur in the presence of VA authorized receiving personnel as indicated (contact person) or his/her designated representative. Delivery addresses and PO numbers shall be provided on each delivery order. Replacement of rejected products(s) shall be delivered the same day no later than 1:00 pm, unless otherwise specified by the POC. NO DELIVERIES WILL BE REQUIRED ON SUNDAYS OR NATIONAL LEGAL HOLIDAYS. THIS IS APPLICABLE TO ALL DELIVERY POINTS. In accordance with 5 U.S.C. 6103, Executive order 11582 and Public Law 94-97 the following national holidays are observed and for the purpose of this contract are defined as Legal Federal official holidays. Refer to Federal Holidays for a list of Federal Holidays. NOTE: If delivery falls on a holiday, the contractor must then delivery the next business day unless the POC at the VA Facility; makes other arrangements. Delivery of Goods: The government reserves the rights to inspect delivered goods for compliance of specifications, including, but not limited to correct product(s) and quantities, proper packaging, damage goods, etc. The contractor shall demonstrate compliance with performance standards by showing that their process adherences to an appropriately designed, Validated Hazardous Analysis Critical Control Point (HACCCP) plan. Any item(s) determined unacceptable shall be refused with full credit/replacement, at the discretion of the Government. Off-loading of products shall occur in the presence of VA authorized receiving personnel as indicated, or his/her designated representative. Contractor shall be responsible for providing hand trucks, dollies for produce, required to affect delivery to appropriate location. Delivery shall not be stacked higher than five (5) feet high. Delivery personnel shall wait until the delivery is fully inspected by designee before leaving premises. Delivery Vehicles: The Government further reserves the right to enter and inspect any vehicle used to deliver good to assure the safe and sanitary transport of items ordered. Such inspection shall be made on a random basis, upon delivery, at the discretion of the POC. Inspection of Facilities: The Government may, prior to contract award or at any time during the term of the contract inspect the Contractor s plant, personnel, equipment, and process to ensure compliance with State/Federal sanitation regulation requirements. All products furnished under the awarded contract shall be process at plants that have been inspected by Federal Government. Approved inspection reports of another VA Facility or other Federal Government agency will be accepted as satisfactory evidence that the facilities/plants meet these requirements, provided that the inspections were made not more than six (6) months prior to the proposed contract period. This inspection report may be requested for review prior to the exercise of each option year. Recall Notices Notification to Contracting Officer and participating VA Medical Centers shall be given immediately upon receiving Recall Notices from the Food and Drug Administration Enforcement Report publications. Notifications shall be delivered to the Contracting Officer, Program Manager, or designated personnel via phone and email for any food recalls related to items delivered to the VA from the contractor. Physical Security and Facility Considerations The contractor employees and/or Subcontractors approved by the POC shall wear visible identification at all times while on the premises of the facilities with the VISN. Identification shall include but not be limited to a company identification care, which shall include the company name, employee name, title, and a photograph of the employee. Contractor employees shall maintain a professional appearance commensurate to their industry. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. Information on parking is available from the VA Police Section. The VA will not invalidate or make reimbursement for parking violations of the Contractor under any conditions. Contractor personnel are required to check into the facility Police & Security office at each visit to pick up a contractor badge prior to contacting the POC. The Contractor s staff shall also be required to sign in and out each day at a designated location determined by the POC. Smoking is prohibited inside any buildings at facilities with VISN 22. Possession of weapons is prohibited. Enclosed containers, including tool kits, shall be subject to search. Violations of VA regulations may result in citation answerable in the United States (Federal) District Court, not a local district, state, or municipal court. The Contractor shall not allow his/her employees, including Subcontractors employees, to open desk drawers, cabinets, or to use office equipment, including the use of non-pay telephones for any purpose other than a local emergency call. The Contractor shall be responsible to provide all necessary equipment, tools, parts, and materials to perform the work. The Government shall not be obligated to provide any equipment, tools, parts, and materials to assist the Contractor in performing the work. Authorization The contractor shall contact the Contracting Officer on all matters pertaining to administration. Subcontractors: The Contracting Officer shall approve/disapprove all subcontractors used at any time during this contract. Contractor shall list the name and address of all subcontractors. The Contracting Officer shall be notified immediately if the Contractor should change any of the subcontractor(s) utilized for this contract and provide their name and address. Contracting Officer shall approve/disapprove subcontractors. Invoice and Payment No advanced payments will be authorized. The contractor shall submit invoices on each order basis. The invoice must have at a minimum, the contract number, assigned purchase order, assigned obligation number, date order was placed, date order was shipped, and any additional necessary detailed information to identify service rendered. Payment on invoice may be delayed in invoice(s) are not completed properly. The list of DRAFT characteristics is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive, of the supplies/services that are required. If your company is interested and capable of providing the required supplies/services, please provide the information indicated below. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Submit your capabilities statement illustrating how your organization can/cannot meet the list of SOW requirements. For instances where your company cannot meet the SOW requirement(s), please explain. For instances where your company can meet the SOW requirement(s), please show how your company meets/exceeds each requirement. (2) Please review the list of SOW requirements and provide any additional feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (3) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. (4) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified in this RFI? (5) Are you the manufacturer, authorized distributor, and/or can your company provide a solution to the required supplies/services described in the list of SOW? (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated/authorized distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified. (8) Limitations on Subcontracting: How does your business ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting as outlined in 13 CFR Â§ 125.6? (9) Are the items you are identifying/providing considered Commercial of the Shelf (COTS) items as defined in FAR Part 2.101 under commercial items? (10) Non-Manufacturer Rule: If applicable, can you confirm your business complies with the Non-Manufacturer rule? Specifically, does your company: Provide a product from a small business manufacturer or processor? Not exceed 500 employees? Primarily engage in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of item being supplied? Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? (11) Please indicate whether your product conforms to the requirements of the Buy American Act? (12) What is your lead time to deliver a single unit with all components? Is there scale in lead time with greater quantities? Please elaborate. (13) What is estimated life span of your solution? What support/services does that entail? (14) Does your proposed equipment have FDA clearance? Please specify what FDA clearance(s) have been obtained. (15) Does your organization offer a leasing solution? Please elaborate. (16) Does your company have a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract? If so, please provide the contract number(s). (17) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract holder, are all the items/solutions you are providing information about available on your schedule/contract? Please state if all or some items are available on the contract. (18) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (19) Please provide your SAM.gov Unique Entity ID/Cage Code number. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Hestia.Sim@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Wednesday, April 7, 2026, by 10AM Pacific Local Time. All responses to this Sources Sought/RFI will be used for planning purposes only. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI are not considered a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcement is issued as a result of the information provided from this RFI, all interested parties must respond to the specific posting separately IAW the specifications of that announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Hestia Sim
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Hestia.Sim@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1b881a5adae04ae790b3a0659b66a1ea/view)