---
layout: default
title: LOWER BEARING ASSY
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: b26cf79f1d864b048e98c9aaab8bbee5
---

# LOWER BEARING ASSY

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 11:32:42.124-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QYA7K

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N741.P12|3120|771-229-0455|jessica.l.harpel2.civ@us.navy.mil | ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT|6|X|||||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE OF SUPPLIES|26||||||||||||||||||||||||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|B| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice and receiving reports (combo)||N/A|N00104|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|||N/A|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS Mechanicsburg | WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|1 year after date of delivery |45 days after discovery of defect||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| OPTION FOR INCREASED QUANTITY (MAR 1989)|1|365| LIMITATIONS ON PASS-THROUGH CHARGES (JUN 2020)|1|| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| This is an EAF SPARES requirement for the items listed in this solicitation. This requirement is 100 Percent set-aside for small businesses. The Government will issue an award resulting from this Request for Quotation (RFQ) to the responsible offeror whose quotation, conforming to the solicitation, results in the best value to the Government, considering both price and non-price factors. The following factors will be used to evaluate competitive offers received in response to this RFQ: 1. Price 2. Non-Price Factors a. Delivery Lead Time. The proposed delivery lead times and schedules will be evaluated and the proposed delivery lead time considered to be in the best interest of the Government will be rated higher than other delivery lead times proposed. b. Past Performance. The offeror's past performance on related contracts will be evaluated to determine, as appropriate, successful performance of contract requirements, quality and timeliness of delivery of goods and services, cost management, communications between contracting parties, proactive management, and customer satisfaction. All non-price evaluation factors, when combined, are approximately equal to price. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 ;This procurement specification contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for ;Lower Bearing Assembly #1; for use on Navy submarines.; 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.1.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.1.3 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DRAWING DATA=6853520 |53711| L| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7094231 |53711| K| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7094232 |53711| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7094233 |53711| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=8627964 |53711| A| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FF-S-86J | | | |250401|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FF-S-92E | | | |250505|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |950113|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130N | | | |121116|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FF-S-200E | | | |250403|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-281D | | | |851023|A|2 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=L-P-535E | | | |790427|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=EIA-649C | | | |190201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NASM8846 | | | |240830|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO 9001 | | | |240201|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO 10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |171101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2035A | | | |950515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NASM20995 | | | |190531|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NASM21209 | | | |210430|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NASM33540 | | | |260130|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE AMS5845L | | | |250701|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-18240F | | | |970602|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28/20B | | | |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MS35311A | | | |180926|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208A | | | |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=A-A-59588B | | | |180727|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM A240/A240M | | | |250601|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASME B46.1 - 2019 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=POLYETHYLENE UHMW LIGHT BLUE | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NYLATRON GSM BLUE PA6 (COML) | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=TECH PUB S9074-AR-GIB-010/27 | | | |130214|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=POLYETHYLENE UHMW 1900 (COML) | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=TECH PUB S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | | |950801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=TECH PUB T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;DESIGN AND MANUFACTURING - The ;Lower Bearing Assembly #1; furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the material, mechanical, physical, welding and test requirements as specified on Drawings 6853520, Item No. 1 (consisting of items 2 thru 10), 7094231, Item No. 1 (consisting of 2 thru 7, 13), 7094233, Item No. 1 (consisting of Items 2 and 3), and 7094232, Item No. 1 including associated specifications mentioned in this procurement.; 3.1.1 ;The Self-Locking Element (Nylok, Configuration "A") furnished under this order shall be in accordance with MIL-DTL-18240 and shall be products which are qualified on the applicable qualified products list (QPL).; 3.1.2 ;The supplier shall perform all welding and nondestructive testing and inspection on Weldment Assembly #1 in accordance with the requirements of NAVSEA Technical Publications S9074-AR-GIB-010/278, T9074-AS-GIB-010/271, and MIL-STD-2035 specified on Drawing 7094231, Note 7.; 3.1.3 ;The supplier welders performing welding on Weldment Assembly #1 shall be qualified in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publication S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 specified on Drawing 7094231, Note 7.; 3.2 ;MARKING REQUIREMENTS - The supplier shall permanently mark each first article and production lot unit ;Lower Bearing Assembly#1; in accordance with Notes 11 and 15 of Drawing 6853520 per MIL-STD-130 and shall mark ;tag or bag; each unit with contract and assembly serial number.; 3.2.1 ;The supplier shall permanently mark each first article and production lot unit Item #2 of drawing 7094233 per Note 7, Item #1 of drawing 7094232 per Note 7 and Item #1 of drawing 8627964 per Notes 4 and 5 per MIL-STD-130, and shall mark ;tag or bag each item with contract, lot or batch and serial number until installed in the dsignated assembly.; 3.2.2 ;The supplier shall permanently mark and identify each first article and production lot unit Screw on the top surface per MIL-STD-130 for Drawing 6853520, Item #5 with material symbol "MP35N", manufacture's symbol and lot number, and Item Nos. 6 and 7 with material symbol "NI-CU", manufacture's symbol and lot number, and shall mark ;tag or bag; each item with contract and drawing/item until installed in the designated assembly.; 3.2.3 ;The supplier shall permanently mark and identify each first article and production lot unit ;tag or bag; drawing 6853520, items 8, 9, and 10 with contract, drawing/item, heat, lot or batch number, and drawing 7094231, items 2 thru 7 respectively including serial number per MIL-STD-130 until installed in the designated assembly.; 3.3 ;FIRST ARTICLE TESTING/INSPECTION - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The first article testing/inspection procedure and approval are required for ;Lower Bering Assembly #1;. Government approval is required prior to commencement of first article unit.; 3.4 ;NOTIFICATION - The supplier shall notify Naval Surface Warfare Center, Philadelphia Division, (NSWCPD), 5001 S. Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA 19112-1403 by email matthew.j.ogilvie.civ@us.navy.mil, Code 242MO after award of contract.; 3.4.1 ;The NSWCPD is the acceptance activity for the Contract Data Requirements List (DD1423) Data Items. NSWCPD WAWF/IRAPT ;Acceptor; DODACC is ;N64498;.;

3.5 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.5.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor.

3.6 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 4.4 ;INSPECTION SYSTEM - The supplier's Quality Inspection System shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208 or ISO 9001 and ISO/IEC 17025 or ISO 10012. The supplier shall develop and submit their written Quality Inspection and Test Plan as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the supplier's written Quality Inspection and Test Plan is required by the contract. CDRL: QUALITY INSPECTION & TEST PLAN per MIL-I45208, ISO/IEC 17205 and DI-QCIC-81110; 4.5 ;SURFACE ROUGHNESS - All surface finishes are in RMS measurements. Where the degree of surface roughness is indicated, the surface shall be free from all visible imperfections as defined by Standard ASME B46.1.; 4.6 ;FINISHED EDGES - Finished edges shall be in accordance with the applicable drawing requirements.; 4.7 ;THREADS - Threads shall bee inspected in accordance with FED-STD-H28/20 System 21 requirements, except for drawing 6853520, Item #7 threads shall be inspected to System 22 as required by FF-S-86 (in accordance with ASME B1.3). Thread inspection shall include the measurement and recording of the major diameter for external threads and the minor diameter for internal threads.; 4.8 ;MATERIAL CONTROL - The supplier shall have an effective material control system that provides for certified quantitative mill or industrial laboratory reports of chemical and physical analysis by heat, lot or batch for raw material ordered for first article and production units. If the material is subsequently heat-treated, a certification of physical analysis after heat treatment is also required for each heat lot or batch. Also, where the applicable material specification calls out (eg., corrosion resistance test, macro-etch test, etc.) these test results shall also be reported on the applicable mill or industrial laboratory report. The physical analaysis shall establish the following properties for metallic parts: Ultimate Tensile Strength, Yield Strength and Elongation including Reduction of Area and Hardness required by the material specification.; 4.9 ;FIRST ARTICLE TESTING/INSPECTION - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall perform first article testing/inspection on ;Lower Bearing Assembly #1; in accordance with the applicable drawings, specifications and their approved first article procedure and nondestructive testing (visual inspection and liquidpenetrant testing) procedures.; 4.9.1 ;The first article inspection hsall be made by the cognizant DCMA-QAR at the supplier's and/or subcontractor facility. The supplier shall notify NSWCPD, Code 242MO two weeks in advance prior to the scheduled first article testing/inspection, so an NSWCPD representative has the option of being present during the first article testing/inspection.; 4.10 ;FIRST ARTICLE APPROVAL FOR TESTING/INSPECTION PROCEDURE AND ACCEPTANCE - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall prepare and submit their First Article Testing/Inspection Procedure for ;Lower Bearing Assembly #1; in accordance with the requirements of DI-NDTI-80603, the applicable drawings and specifications as indicated on teh Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of teh procedure is required prior to commencement of first article unit. CDRL: FIRST ARTICLE TESTING/INSPECTION PROC per DI-NDTI-80603A; 4.11 ;FIRST ARTICLE TESTING/INSPECTION - The supplier shall perform 100% examination, inspection and testing on the first article ;Lower Bearing Assembly #1; unit (component parts/assembly) in accordance with the applicable drawings, their approved first article procedure and nondestructive testing (visual inspection and liquid penetrant testing) procedures. The supplier shall record the actual measurements and results of each dimension, threads, examination, inspection and test identified on the applicable drawings.; 4.11.1 ;The supplier shall visually and physically inspect 100% the (component parts/assembly) dimensions and threads (including of teh major diameter for external threads and the minor diameter for internal threads) identified on the applicable drawings. Threads shall be inspected 100% and results recorded.; 4.11.2 ;The supplier shall perform visual inspection and liquid penetrant testing 100% on all weld joints shown on Drawing 7094231 for Weldment Assembly #1 in accordance with their approved nondestructive inspection and testing procedures.; 4.12 ;FIRST ARTICLE TESTING/INSPECTION REPORTS AND ACCEPTANCE - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall submit for completed first article unit ;Lower Bearing Assembly #1; testing/inspection report in compliance with the requirements of DI-NDTI-80603, the applicable NAVSEA Technical Publications, drawings, and specifications. The report shall also include a copy of ;Certified Mill Certification; Weld Rod Certification; Heat Treatment Certification; Certificate of Conformance for Material; Certificate of Compliance for Material; Visual/Dimensional Inspection Report; NDT Visual Inspection and Liquid Penetrant Testing Report; Welder's Qualification Certification; NDT Visual Inspector and Liquid Penetrant Inspector Qualification Certification; identified in the Objective Quality Evidence Records Section of this document, and as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423. Government approval of the first article testing/inspection report is required prior to commencement of production units. CDRL: FIRST ARTICLE TESTING/INSPECTION REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B; 4.13 ;PRODUCTION LOT - The supplier shall perform 100% examination, inspection and testing on each production lot ;Lower Bearing Assembly #1; unit (component parts/assemblies) in accordance with the applicable drawings and their approved nondestructive testing (visual inspection and liquid penetrant testing) procedures. The supplier shall record the actual measurements and results of each dimension, threads, examination, inspection and test idetified on the applicable drawings.; 4.13.1 ;The supplier shall visually and physically inspect 100% on each (component parts/assemblies) dimensions and threads (including of the major diameter for external threads and the minor diameter for internal threads) identified on the applicable drawings. Threads shall be inspected 100% and results recorded.; 4.13.2 ;The supplier shall perform visual inspection and liquied penetrant testing 100% on all weld joints shown on Drawing 7094231 for Weldment Assembly #1 in accordance with their approved nondestructive inspection and testing procedures.; 4.14 ;PRODUCTION LOT TESTING/INSPECTION REPORTS AND ACCEPTANCE - (SupplierTesting/In spection). The supplier shall submit for the completed production units ;Lower Bearing Assembly #1; testing/inspection reports in compliance with the applicable Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), NAVSEA Technical Publications, drawings and specifications. The Production Lot Testing/Inspection report shall consist of ;Certified Mill Certification; Weld Rod Certification; Heat Treatment Certification; Certificate of Conformance for Material; Certificate of Compliance for Material; Visual/Dimensional Inspection Report; NDT Visual Inspection and Liquid Penetrant Testing Report; Welder's Qualification Certification; NDT Visual Inspector and Liquid Penetrant Inspector Qualification Certification and Mercury Exclusion Certification; identified in the Objective Quality Evidence Records Section of this document, and as indicated on the Production Lot Test/Inspection (PLT) Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the production lot testing/inspection report is required prior to shipment of production lot units. CDRL: PRODUCTION LOT TESTING/INSPECTION REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B; 4.15 ;PROCEDURES.; 4.15.1 ;WELDING PROCEDURE - The supplier shall prepare and submit a written welding procedure and welding procedure qualification test data for performing welding in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publications S9074-AR-GIB-010/248 and S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 including welder's qualification per Tech S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the Welding and Welding Qualification Test Data Procedure is required prior to commencement of first article unit. CDRL: WELDING AND WELDING QUALIFICATION TEST DATA PROCEDURE per NAVSEA TECH PUB S9074-AR-GIB-010-/278 AND S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248; 4.15.2 ;NONDESTRUCTIVE TESTING (NDT) PROCEDURE - The supplier shall prepare and submit a written nondestructive testing procedure for Visual Inspection and Liquid Penetrant Testing in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publication T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 and Acceptance Standard MIL-STD-2035 including nondestructive test personnel qualifications per Tech Pub T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the applicable nondestructive inspection testing procedures is required prior to commencement of first article unit. CDRL: NDT VISUAL INSPECTION and LIQUID PENETRANT TESTING PROC per NAVSEA TECHNICAL PUB T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 and MIL-STD-2035; 4.16 ;PRODUCTION LOT INSPECTION/ACCEPTANCE - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall submit for the production lot units, the inspection and test reports identified in the Objective Quality Evidence Records Section of this document and as indicated on the Production Lot Testing/Inspection (PLT) Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval is required prior to shipment of production units.; 4.17 ;FINAL INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - Final inspection and acceptance of production lots shall be made by the cognizant DCMA-QAR in conjunction with the Specific Government Inspection Instructions (SGIIs) furnished by NSWCPD. In addition to the normal DCMA surveillance, the production unit(s) shall be under the surveillance of NSWCPD Quality Assurance Specialist as required.; 4.18 ;OBJECTIVE QUALITY EVIDENCE RECORDS - The supplier shall maintain Objective Quality Evidence Data (OQEDs) of materials used in the fabrication of ;Lower Bearing Assembly #1;. Records shall be traceable by drawing/item, heat, lot or batch, serial and contract number. All OQEDs shall be clearly legible including name and title. The supplier may provide exact (quality) photocopies of objective quality evidence records being delivered under this purchase order instead of originals.; 4.18.1 ;The supplier shall furnish a copy of the following OQEDs listed below and as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423) for acceptance. The reports shall be correlated to the drawing/item, heat, lot or batch, serial and contract number. Supplier format is acceptable for the below listed CDRLs. a. Certified Quantitative Mill or Industrial Laboratory Certification (chemical and physical analysis) for Items 5, 6 and 7 of drawing 6853520; Items 2 thru 6 of drawing 7094231. CDRL: CERTIFIED QUANTITATIVE MILL CERTIFICATION per DI-MISC-82386 b. Certification of Weld Rod used in manufacturing Weldment Assembly #1 of drawing 7094231 in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publication S9074-AR-GIB-010/278. CDRL: WELD ROD CERTIFICATION per DI-MISC-82386 c. Heat Treatment Certification in accordance with SAE AMS5845 requirements for Item #5 of drawing 6853520. CDRL: HEAT TREATMENT CERTIFICATION per DI-MISC-82386 d. Certificate of Conformance for Material (certifying Self-Locking Element, Configuration "A" in accordance with drawing 6853520, Item #6 and MIL-DTL-18240 requirements). CDRL: CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE per DI-MISC-82386 e. Certificate of Compliance for Materials: (1) Drawing 6853520 (certifying: Item #8 to drawing and the applicable manufacturer part number requirements, and Item Nos. 9 and 10 to drawing requirements). (2) Drawings 7094232, Item #1 and 7094233, Items #2 & #3 (certifying: Item #1 and #2 material Poyethylene UHMW 1900 Color "Light Blue" to their applicable drawing Notes 8., 8.1, 8.2, and 8.3 requirements; and Item #3 material and dimension to the applicable drawing requirements). (3) Drawing 7094231, Item #7 (certifying material Polyethylene UHMW 1900 to Notes 14., 14.1 and 14.2 of drawing requirements). (4) Drawing 862964, Item #1 (certifying material Nylatron GSM Blue PA6 to Note 6 of drawing requirements). CDRL: CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE per DI-MISC-82386 f. Visual/Dimensional Inspection Reports shall show all the characteristics, the actual measurement and results of each dimension inspection (component parts/assemblies), including threads (also major diameter for external threads and the minor diameter for internal threads), contract number, name of supplier, drawing/item number, drawing revision letter, heat, lot or batch, (material symbol and manufacture's symbol for dwg. 6853520, Items 5, 6 & 7), serial of finished parts and assembly, item nomenclature and inspector's acceptance signature and date. CDRL: VISUAL/DIMENSIONAL INSPECTION REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B g. NDT Visual Inspection and Liquid Penetrant Testing Reports for Weldment Assembly #1 of drawing 7094231 in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publication T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 CDRL: NDT VISUAL INSPECTION and LIQUID PENETRANT INSPECTION TESTING REPORT per NAVSEA TECH PUB T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 h. Welder's Qualification Certification of personnel performing welding in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publication S9074-AR-GIB-010/278. CDRL: WELDER'S QUALIFICATION CERTIFICATION per NAVSEA TECHNICAL PUBLICATION S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 i. NDT Inspector Qualification Certification of personnel performing visual inspection and liquid penetrant testing on Weldment Assembly #1 of drawing 7094231 in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publication T9074-AS-GIB-010/271. CDRL: NDT VISUAL INSPECTION and LIQUID PENETRANT INSPECTOR CERTIFICATION per NAVSEA TECH PUB T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 j. Mercury Exclusion Certification (representing the contract units shipment). CDRL: MERCURY EXCLUSION CERTIFICATION per DI-MISC-82386; 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Stan...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2156972995
  - Email: JESSICA.L.HARPEL2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. 2.1.3 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents
- Attachment 2: . Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.5.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b26cf79f1d864b048e98c9aaab8bbee5/view)