---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought, Wheel Assembly Kits; NSNs: 2530-01-727-9188; 2530-01-727-1390; 2530-01-726-8150; 2530-01-726-2686; 2530-01-726-2794
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: d2c6c9427f3b40d189678bfd09b69ec0
---

# Sources Sought, Wheel Assembly Kits; NSNs: 2530-01-727-9188; 2530-01-727-1390; 2530-01-726-8150; 2530-01-726-2686; 2530-01-726-2794

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 09:20:53.198-05
- Solicitation Number: W912CH-26-R-0003

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH SURVEY to request information for Government planning purposes only. The Army Contracting Command – Detroit Arsenal (ACC-DTA) is seeking to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities and qualifications of various members of the community, to include both small and large businesses, for production of the item identified below. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice/Market Research Survey will assist ACC-DTA in planning its acquisition strategy for a potential future acquisition. Noun: Wheel Assembly Kits NSNs: 2530-01-727-9188 2530-01-727-1390 2530-01-726-8150 2530-01-726-2686 2530-01-726-2794 Part Number: 57K02050/19207 57K02049/19207 57K02052/19207 57K02051/19207 57K02053/19207 Estimated Quantities: NSN 2530-01-727-9188: ~1,000 EA annually, not to exceed 3000 EA over a five year period NSN 2530-01-727-1390: ~12,090 EA annually, not to exceed 36,270 EA over a five year period NSN 2530-01-726-8150: ~1,837 EA annually, not to exceed 5,474 EA over a five year period NSN 2530-01-726-2686: ~761 EA annually, not to exceed 2,422 EA over a five year period NSN 2530-01-726-2794: ~6,022 EA annually, not to exceed 19,444 EA over a five year period Technical Data Package: There is a Technical Data Package (TDP) associated with this procurement. It is distribution code A, which is approved for public release. The TDP will be made available to contractors when a sources sought is released and if/when a solicitation is released. Upon completion of the purposes for which Government Technical Data has been provided, the offeror, and all subcontractors, vendors, and sub-vendors of the offeror, are required to destroy all documents, including all reproductions, duplications, or copies thereof as may have been further distributed. Destruction of this technical data shall be accomplished by: shredding, pulping, burning, or melting any physical copies of the TDP and/or deletion or removal of downloaded TDP files from computer drives and electronic devices, and any copies of those files. NOTE: All survey input is voluntary, and no compensation will be made for your firm’s participation. Since this is a Sources Sought Notice, and not a solicitation for receipt of proposals or quotations, the Government does not encourage questions concerning this market research. Furthermore, the Government is not obligated to issue a solicitation or award a contract as a result of this announcement. It is imperitive that all responses note that the firm is either capable or not capable of acquiring and selling the three restricted Oshkosh Defense NSNs in question. A letterhead indicating so or another document is sufficient to establish proof of distribution. INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLETING THE SURVEY 1. You may respond in total to this survey. It is acceptable to state that you and your firm do not have information nor answers to any question. However, all responses must be received no later than 6 April 2026. 2. All completed surveys shall be sent via e-mail to: nikhil.a.patel2.civ@army.mil Subject Line: Sources Sought, W912CH-26-R-0003, (contractor’s name) 3. Relevant sales media and product manuals may be included as attachments with your submission. Please clearly mark all proprietary information. The front page of your response package should state "PROPIETARY INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN" (all caps), if applicable. Also, please provide a release statement indicating that the proprietary information may be distributed to Army personnel involved with this survey. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION & LABELING The Government acknowledges its obligations under 18 USC §1905 to protect information qualifying as confidential. Pursuant to this statute, the Government is willing to accept any trade secret or confidential restrictions placed on qualifying data forwarded in response to the survey questions, and to protect it from unauthorized disclosure subject to the following: 1. Clearly and conspicuously mark qualifying data as trade secret or confidential with the restrictive legend “CONFIDENTIAL” (all caps), including any explanatory text, so that the Government is clearly notified of what data needs to be protected. 2. In marking such data, please take care to mark only those portions of the data or materials that are truly trade secret or confidential (overbreadth in marking inappropriate data as “CONFIDENTIAL” may diminish or eliminate the usefulness of your response). Use circling, underscoring, highlighting, or any other appropriate means to indicate those portions of a single page that need to be protected. 3. The Government is not obligated to protect unmarked data. Additionally, marked data that is already in the public domain or in the possession of the Government or third parties, or is afterward placed into the public domain by the owner or another party through no fault of the Government will not be protected once in the public domain. Data already in the Government’s possession will be protected in accordance with the Government’s data rights. 4. Confidential data transmitted electronically, whether by physical media or not, whether by the respondent or by the Government, shall contain any restrictive legend, with any explanatory text, on both the cover of the transmittal e-mail and at the beginning of the file itself. Where appropriate for portions only of an electronic file, use the restrictive legends “CONFIDENTIAL DATA BEGINS:” and “CONFIDENTIAL PORTION ENDS”. 5. In any reproductions of technical data or any portions thereof subject to asserted restrictions, the Government shall also reproduce the asserted restriction legend and any explanatory text. 6. The Government sometimes uses support contractors in evaluating responses. Consequently, responses that contain confidential information may receive only limited or no consideration since the respondent’s marking of data as “CONFIDENTIAL” will preclude disclosure of same outside the Government, and therefore will preclude disclosure to support contractors assisting with the evaluation effort.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nikhil Patel
  - Email: nikhil.a.patel2.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Meika Cole
  - Email: meika.j.cole.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5715889048

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d2c6c9427f3b40d189678bfd09b69ec0/view)