---
layout: default
title: Z1DZ--578-26-007-FY26 Network Cable Installation at the Edward Hines Jr VA Hospital in Hines IL
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ff42418728f14301941a965a6b1c42b9
---

# Z1DZ--578-26-007-FY26 Network Cable Installation at the Edward Hines Jr VA Hospital in Hines IL

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-16 12:38:25.385-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25226R0013
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY SOLICITATION: 36C25226R0013 NAICS: NAICS 238210 Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors PROJECT: 578-26-007 Replace Network Cabling PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Edward Hines, Jr. VA Hospital 5000 South 5th Avenue, Building200 Hines, IL 60141-5000 PART 1 General Scope of Work: Edward Hines Jr. Veteran Affairs Hospital (EHVAH) provides primary, extended, and specialty care services and is reliant upon supporting infrastructure, programmed spaces, and functioning environments to keep up with demand. EHVAH has a need to replace outdated network cables at multiple locations on the station grounds. Basic work includes providing and installing proper cable supports for new cabling, providing and installing firestop sleeves at all wall penetrations, installing plenum Cat 6A Cabling and testing each cale with a Cat. 6A Cable analyzer. The Not to Exceed Amount of this IDIQ Order is $1,000,000.00 and the minimum task order amount is $2,000.00 PART 2 SOURCES SOUGHT GENERAL DESCRIPTION: The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to obtain information on the interests, capabilities, and qualifications of business firms of ALL sizes and specialized certified small business firms to determine if a set-aside is appropriate. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. Proposals are NOT being requested or accepted at this time. Work is assigned to NAICS 238210 Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors. This industry includes businesses primarily engaged in the installation and maintenance of electrical wiring, equipment, and systems. It encompasses activities related to new work, additions, alterations, maintenance, or repairs of electrical systems. The small business size-standard for NAICS 238210 is $19 million. Should the solicitation be set-aside for an SBA Verified SBVOSB, in accordance with VAAR 852.219-73 https://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/vaar852.asp#85221973: (4)Â Special trade construction contractors.Â In the case of a contract for special trade contractors, no more than 75% of the amount paid by the government to the prime for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, may be paid to firms that are not VIP-listed SDVOSBs. (5)Â Subcontracting.Â An SDVOSB must meet the NAICS size standard assigned by the prime contractor and be listed in VIP to count as similarly situated. Any work that a first tier VIP-listed SDVOSB subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the percent of subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. For supply or construction contracts, the cost of materials is excluded and not considered to be subcontracted. When a contract includes both services and supplies, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the portion of the contract with the preponderance of the expenditure upon which the assigned NAICS is based. For information and more specific requirements, refer to 13 CFR 125.6. (e)Â Required limitations on subcontracting compliance measurement period.Â An SDVOSB shall comply with the limitations on subcontracting as follows: __By the end of the base term of the contract or order, and then by the end of each subsequent option period; or _X_By the end of the performance period for each order issued under the contract. (f)Â Joint ventures.Â A joint venture may be considered eligible as an SDVOSB if the joint venture is listed in VIP and complies with the requirements in 13 CFR 125.18(b), provided that any requirement therein that applies to an SDVO SBC is to be construed to apply to a VIP-listed SDVOSB. A joint venture agrees that, in the performance of the contract, the applicable percentage specified in paragraph (d) of this clause will be performed by the aggregate of the joint venture participants. Part 3 INTERESTED SOURCES SHALL SUBMIT THE FOLLOWING: Company name, address, point of contact, phone number, SAM OID number, and business status. Indicate the primary nature of your business, any teaming agreements or arrangements, planned self-performance and subcontracting program. Provide detailed construction background related to extensive experience in hospital network cable installation. This information should include a description of the overall project, AND specifically what work your company performed on the contract. Include overall project costs as well as the cost assigned to your portion of the project. Provide details on the size of your business from the following types of specialized construction small businesses: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Businesses (VOSB) Women Owned Small Businesses (WOSB) 8(a) Businesses HUBZone Businesses Small Businesses (SB), and Large Businesses. If your intent is to complete this potential contract as one of the small business-types listed above, include specific details as to how your company will fulfill the 25% small business-type requirement. If your company will not be self-performing the network cable installation, provide qualifications listed above for the network cable installation subcontractor. Letter from the surety regarding the maximum bonding capacity for a single task order action, total value of active bonds and total aggregate bonding capacity. Total submittal shall be no longer than (8) eight pages in one .pdf file or word document. Responses are required to be sent via email to Mary.Hudec2@va.gov and Kristi.Kluck3@va.gov no later than Friday, November 7th, 2025 THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS. It is a market research tool being utilized to determine the availability of potential qualified contractors before determining the method of acquisition. In addition, this Sources Sought is not to be construed as a commitment by the government, nor will the government pay for any information solicited or delivered. --END OF DOCUMENT

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mary Hudec
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Mary.Hudec2@va.gov
  - Phone: 414-844-4800 x43271

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ff42418728f14301941a965a6b1c42b9/view)