---
layout: default
title: Space Data Network (SDN) Mission Operations Center Industry Day
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: a7f7192ff0e244169878ced00884e707
---

# Space Data Network (SDN) Mission Operations Center Industry Day

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-20 18:40:59.799-04
- Solicitation Number: SDNMOC002

## Summary

***** Update 20 April 2026 - Added amendment with instructions on how to obtain DRAFT documents related to SDN MOC Spiral 1. ***** Update 17 April 2026 - Changed response due date to Monday 20 April 2026 @ 8:00am PT. ***** Update 15 April 2026 - Fixed clerical errors in the description and attachment. ***** Update 15 April 2026 - Changed response due date to 16 April 2026 @ 5:00pm PT. Amendment to SDN MOC Industry Day Posting on sam.gov Space Systems Command (SSC) plans to release draft SDN MOC Spiral 1 documentation to solicit industry feedback prior to Commercial Solutions Opening (CSO) solicitation. The draft Statement of Work (SOW) and draft Technical Requirements Document (TRD) contain Controlled Unclassified information and will be shared via DoD SAFE. The classified appendix to the TRD will be shared via JWICS. Instructions for obtaining the documents is listed below. Process to Receive CUI Materials To request and obtain the CUI documents associated with the MOC Spiral 1, please submit the request along with the following information to the Government security team at ssc.szm.security@us.af.mil for CUI vetting: Submitter’s name and parent company (if applicable) Mailing address/facility: street address, city, state, 9-digit zip code Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) Contract number for any active contract with the U.S. Government If the prospective offeror doesn’t have an active government contract number, the following must be submitted from the company’s Facility Security Officer (FSO): A FSO-signed letter on company letterhead confirming (1) eligibility to receive CUI and (2) CUI data handling and storage is in place. Point of Contact (POC) name, telephone number, and email address Notes The prospective offeror must comply with the security requirements in?National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP) 800-171 (110 controls) and DFARS 252.204-7012 for protecting CUI in non-federal systems. If the prospective offeror plans to share this CUI with a potential subcontractor or supplier, they must ensure the subcontractor/supplier also complies with the NIST and DFARS?CUI safeguarding requirements noted above. The Government security team will review the submitted information to confirm the company meets the required CUI access criteria. Requests that do not include the required Contractor verification information will be denied. Once the company has been verified to receive CUI, the documents will be shared via DoD SAFE to the identified POC. Process to Receive Classified Documents To request and obtain the draft classified TRD appendix, one representative from the interested company should separately email the Technical POC an unclassified email (see POC list below) with the request and include their JWICS email address. The Technical POC will then share the document on JWICS. Feedback Process Industry should submit only their top 8 most critical pieces of feedback. Of highest interest is feedback that: Points out an inconsistency, ambiguity, or apparent omission in the draft SDN MOC documentation that has a significant impact on the acquisition and/or your ability to propose a solution Highlights requirements that are significant cost drivers for the acquisition, which perhaps if revised or eliminated could lead to a significant reduction in the cost of the acquisition Feedback is requested by 8:00am PDT on 29 April 2026. Feedback should be provided to the Technical POC via email (see POC section below) using a comment resolution matrix (CRM) which will be provided with the documents. Please keep feedback at the unclassified (non-CUI) level. If there is a need to provide CUI or classified feedback, please contact the Technical POC for instructions. SSC plans to carefully consider all feedback while finalizing the solicitation but does not plan to respond directly to the feedback. ________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Event: Space Systems Command (SSC) Spectrum Warfare Division, Space Data Network (SDN) Backbone Mission Operations Center (MOC) Industry Day and Question & Answer (Q&A) Session Date: Wednesday, April 22, 2026 Time: 08:00 am – 12:00 pm PDT Overview: The Space Systems Command Spectrum Warfare Delta will hold a Space Data Network Backbone (SDN-B) Mission Operations Center (MOC) Industry Day and Question & Answer (Q&A) Session on Wednesday, April 22, 2026, from 08:00 am – 12:00 pm PDT at The Aerospace Corporation, 2310 E El Segundo Boulevard, El Segundo, CA. The agenda includes the following: SDN Backbone Overview MOC Overview Technical Requirements Schedule and Programmatics Q&A Session The purpose of the Industry Day is to provide insight into the vision and direction of SDN-B MOC and conduct open discussions with industry to inform submissions to the upcoming SDN-B MOC Commercial Solutions Opening (CSO) that is anticipated to be released on 30 April 2026. The Government anticipates awarding a single-award, FFP IDIQ contract for the SDN-B MOC. This posting and Industry Day event is a follow-up to the “Space Data Network (SDN) Mission Operations Center (MOC)” Request for Information (RFI) that was posted to SAM.gov on 23 Jan 2026. (https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d300ea9f6a8444caa7b5cbd6a9679ee1/view). The government does not intend to conduct one-on-one sessions. Event Registration: To attend the SDN MOC Industry Day, attendees must register by 8:000m PDT on Monday, 20 April 2026 using the following link: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/sdn-moc-industry-day-tickets-1986033734362?aff=oddtdtcreator&keep_tld=true Attendance is limited to a maximum of five (5) representatives per contractor. The Eventbrite registration allows adding five attendees on a single registration. Event Security: Visit requests are not required; all information needed for event attendance will be collected in the registration process. Attendance is restricted to U.S. citizens only. The discussion and material presented will include Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI). For security purposes and to prevent unauthorized disclosure of CUI, no personal electronic devices, including, but not limited to, phones and cameras, are permitted in the event space. Questions and Answers Questions/comments should be submitted to the Technical POC via email no later than 8:00am PDT on 20 April 2026 for questions/comments desired to be answered at the event. The Government intends to address some or all of the advance questions at the event. Comments and questions will also be accepted at the event and up to two days after the event; responses will be provided at the discretion of the government to sam.gov or via other means, depending on sensitivity.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tobias Richards
  - Email: tobias.richards.1@spaceforce.mil
  - Phone: 3106539416
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Anthony Gentry
  - Email: anthony.gentry.1@spaceforce.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: the TRD will be shared via JWICS. Instructions for obtaining the documents is listed below. Process to Receive CUI Materials To request and obtain the CUI documents associated with the MOC Spiral 1, please submit the request along with the following information to the Government security team at ssc.szm.security@us.af.mil for CUI vetting: Submitter’s name and parent company (if applicable) Mailing address/facility: street address, city, state, 9-digit zip code Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) Contract number for any active contract with the U.S. Government If the prospective offeror doesn’t have an active government contract number, the following must be submitted from the company’s Facility Security Officer (FSO): A FSO-signed letter on company letterhead confirming (1) eligibility to receive CUI and (2) CUI data handling and storage is in place. Point of Contact (POC) name, telephone number, and email address Notes The prospective offeror must comply with the security requirements in?National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP) 800-171 (110 controls) and DFARS 252.204-7012 for protecting CUI in non-federal systems. If the prospective offeror plans to share this CUI with a potential subcontractor or supplier, they must ensure the subcontractor/supplier also complies with the NIST and DFARS?CUI safeguarding requirements noted above. The Government security team will review the submitted information to confirm the company meets the required CUI access criteria. Requests that do not include the required Contractor verification information will be denied. Once the company has been verified to receive CUI, the documents will be shared via DoD SAFE to the identified POC. Process to Receive Classified Documents To request and obtain the draft classified TRD appendix, one representative from the interested company should separately email the Technical POC an unclassified email (see POC list below) with the request and include their JWICS email address. The Technical POC will then share the document on JWICS. Feedback Process Industry should submit only their top 8 most critical pieces of feedback. Of highest interest is feedback that: Points out an inconsistency, ambiguity, or apparent omission in the draft SDN MOC documentation that has a significant impact on the acquisition and/or your ability to propose a solution Highlights requirements that are significant cost drivers for the acquisition, which perhaps if revised or eliminated could lead to a significant reduction in the cost of the acquisition Feedback is requested by 8:00am PDT on 29 April 2026. Feedback should be provided to the Technical POC via email (see POC section below) using a comment resolution matrix (CRM) which will be provided with the documents. Please keep feedback at the unclassified (non-CUI) level. If there is a need to provide CUI or classified feedback, please contact the Technical POC for instructions. SSC plans to carefully consider all feedback while finalizing the solicitation but does not plan to respond directly to the feedback. ________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Event: Space Systems Command (SSC) Spectrum Warfare Division, Space Data Network (SDN) Backbone Mission Operations Center (MOC) Industry Day and Question & Answer (Q&A) Session Date: Wednesday, April 22, 2026 Time: 08:00 am – 12:00 pm PDT Overview: The Space Systems Command Spectrum Warfare Delta will hold a Space Data Network Backbone (SDN-B) Mission Operations Center (MOC) Industry Day and Question & Answer (Q&A) Session on Wednesday, April 22, 2026, from 08:00 am – 12:00 pm PDT at The Aerospace Corporation, 2310 E El Segundo Boulevard, El Segundo, CA. The agenda includes the following: SDN Backbone Overview MOC Overview Technical Requirements Schedule and Programmatics Q&A Session The purpose of the Industry Day is to provide insight into the vision and direction of SDN-B MOC and conduct open discussions with industry to inform submissions to the upcoming SDN-B MOC Commercial Solutions Opening (CSO) that is anticipated to be released on 30 April 2026. The Government anticipates awarding a single-award, FFP IDIQ contract for the SDN-B MOC. This posting and Industry Day event is a follow-up to the “Space Data Network (SDN) Mission Operations Center (MOC)” Request for Information (RFI) that was posted to SAM.gov on 23 Jan 2026. (https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d300ea9f6a8444caa7b5cbd6a9679ee1/view). The government does not intend to conduct one-on-one sessions. Event Registration: To attend the SDN MOC Industry Day, attendees must register by 8:000m PDT on Monday, 20 April 2026 using the following link: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/sdn-moc-industry-day-tickets-1986033734362?aff=oddtdtcreator&keep_tld=true Attendance is limited to a maximum of five (5) representatives per contractor. The Eventbrite registration allows adding five attendees on a single registration. Event Security: Visit requests are not required; all information needed for event attendance will be collected in the registration process. Attendance is restricted to U.S. citizens only. The discussion and material presented will include Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI). For security purposes and to prevent unauthorized disclosure of CUI, no personal electronic devices, including, but not limited to, phones and cameras, are permitted in the event space. Questions and Answers Questions/comments should be submitted to the Technical POC via email no later than 8:00am PDT on 20 April 2026 for questions/comments desired to be answered at the event. The Government intends to address some or all of the advance questions at the event. Comments and questions will also be accepted at the event and up to two days after the event; responses will be provided at the discretion of the government to sam.gov or via other means, depending on sensitivity

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a7f7192ff0e244169878ced00884e707/view)