---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought for Regional Dredge IDIQ MATOC
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 66181a92f6ef45718bcc44393485a466
---

# Sources Sought for Regional Dredge IDIQ MATOC

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-24 12:24:55.789-04
- Solicitation Number: W9123726X1BM8

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE FOR MARKET RESEARCH ONLY – This notice does not constitute a solicitation announcement or restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach, and NO AWARD will occur from this notice. NO SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATIONS, OR DRAWINGS are available for this notice. Responses to this Sources Sought notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. The purpose of this notice is to gain knowledge of potentially qualified small business sources to include small businesses in the following categories: Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Certified HUBZone, Woman-Owned, and Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned relative to NAICS code 237990, which has a Small Business size standard of $30 million or less. To be considered small for purposes of Government procurement, a firm must perform at least 40% of the volume dredge with its own equipment or equipment owned by another small business dredging concern. Responses will be used to determine appropriate acquisition decisions. A target of three (3) indefinite delivery contracts (IDC) will be negotiated and awarded with one (1) year base period and four (4) one (1) year option periods. The not-to-exceed amount for this IDC will be $80,000,000.00 and will be shared amongst MATOC contractors. Work will be issued by negotiated firm-fixed price task orders. This will be a regional contract, and task orders may be issued for mechanical dredging/clearing and snagging work in any of the following LRD Districts: Nashville (LRN), Louisville (LRL), Huntington (LRH), and Pittsburgh (LRP). This includes any navigable waters and navigable tributaries of the Ohio River, above it’s confluence with the Mississippi River. However, responses to the questions below could affect this overall decision. Work performed will approximately rank between 0 cubic yards and 400,000 cubic yards, with a production rate for each respective task order ranging between 0 tons per hour to 350 tons per hour. This rate will be determined by the Government and is a mandatory performance metric for each task order. The selected contractor(s) must have the ability to deploy equipment large enough to meet required production rates, as well as grade accuracy tolerances, satisfactory to the Government. The following dredge scenarios may be used in individual task orders. Independent Dredge/Disposal: Dredging and disposal activities are performed by the same piece(s) of equipment at different times. This may involve more than one crane (derrick, excavator, etc) but dredge and disposal activities do not occur simultaneously. This also includes projects in which all dredged material is loaded at one location, then transported to another area for disposal via another piece of equipment. Simultaneous Dredge/Disposal: A project in which two or more separate cranes (derricks, excavators, etc) are dedicated separately to the material loading and unloading actions for a single task order. Loading and unloading activities shall take place simultaneously with a continuous transfer of material from dredge area to disposal site. Land Based: Dredging is performed from the bank by land-based equipment. Responses to this Sources Sought announcement must include the contractor’s type of business such as Small Business, 8(a), HUBZone, etc, and their DUNS number. Responses shall include a qualifications statement along with documentation to support Technical Capabilities and Specialized Experience including: a. Experience in Mechanical Dredging/Clearing and Snagging work (company information and employees’ experience) b. Efficient mobilization (within 24 hours) of experienced dredging crews (including equipment) not limited to, barge mounted crane(s) material barge(s), tow boats, etc. for use in occasional emergency dredge situations. c. Ability to provide land-based services for upland disposal work, water and/or land based services for the construction of in-water disposal containment and sediment control dikes. d. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has recently implemented updated Dredging Quality Management (DQM) requirements for dredging operations. Please provide responses to the following: Have you previously implemented or operated under DQM requirements on prior dredging contracts? If so, briefly describe your experience. Are you currently capable of obtaining and integrating the required DQM systems, instrumentation, and support services for your mechanical dredging fleet? Please describe any existing capabilities or anticipated challenges. Would the inclusion of DQM requirements affect your company’s ability or decision to submit an offer or express interest in a future IDIQ MATOC contract for mechanical dredging? If yes, please explain how (e.g., cost, schedule, technical barriers). Respondents are encouraged to provide any additional comments or recommendations regarding the DQM requirements and their potential impact on industry participation. Additionally, contractors are requested to provide the following Past Performance information; a list of relevant projects, current and/or completed, in the past five (5) years that best demonstrates competence with this type of work, include dates, locations, types of contracts, dollar amounts/values, description of the work and references. The following Management and Administration information shall also be included: Personnel and Organization Quality Control, Safety, and Location of the Firm. The responding firm must also provide a list of equipment and its availability. Describe each piece of equipment to include, at a minimum, the number of pieces of each type of equipment and name, manufacture, model, age, and condition of each piece of equipment. The firm must be able to mobilize equipment to respond to an emergency situation within 24 hours’ notice. Also, contractors are requested to respond to the following questions: 1. Will consolidating these dredging requirements into a Multiple Award Task Order Contract (MATOC) for a base period of one year and four one year option periods impact your ability to compete for this requirement? 2. What negative impacts, if any, will your firm experience as a result of the consolidation of these construction projects? 3. If the consolidation were limited to performance within the Huntington District boundaries (see Huntington District boundary map – Attachment 1), will that impact your ability to participate in this type of requirement for other Districts (specifically within the Great Lakes and Ohio River Division)? 4. If the Huntington District established multiple regionally based contracts (divided the performance area within the Huntington District boundaries into 2 to 4 smaller geographic regions), would that change your ability to participate compared to performance under a MATOC within the entire Huntington District boundary? 5. If the area were expanded to require performance anywhere within the Huntington, Louisville, Nashville, and Pittsburgh Districts’ boundaries (See Regional Dredge Map – Attachment 2), how would that impact your decision to propose and/or your ability to perform on the MATOC? 6. Provide bonding capability (construction bonding level per single contract and aggregate construction bonding level, both expressed in dollars), along with current bonding capacity. 7. Contractors are asked to indicate what Districts they are interested in supporting and if there are any cost ranges in which task orders would be considered too small or too large to support. 8. All responders are encouraged to provide any additional positive/negative feedback to the procurement. Contractors are hereby strongly encouraged to make known their interest and experience in this type of work. The submission is limited to 30 pages (one sided). Please note that past performance information does not count toward 30 page limit. Electronic submission via email is required. Please email your qualification statement to Amy Davis, Amy.L.Davis@usace.army.mil by close of business on May 08, 2026.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Amy Davis
  - Email: amy.l.davis@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 3043995907
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Patrina Singleton
  - Email: patrina.g.singleton@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 3043996936

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , will that impact your ability to participate in this type of requirement for other Districts (specifically within the Great Lakes and Ohio River Division)? 4. If the Huntington District established multiple regionally based contracts (divided the performance area within the Huntington District boundaries into 2 to 4 smaller geographic regions), would that change your ability to participate compared to performance under a MATOC within the entire Huntington District boundary? 5. If the area were expanded to require performance anywhere within the Huntington, Louisville, Nashville, and Pittsburgh Districts’ boundaries (See Regional Dredge Map – Attachment 2), how would that impact your decision to propose and/or your ability to perform on the MATOC? 6. Provide bonding capability (construction bonding level per single contract and aggregate construction bonding level, both expressed in dollars), along with current bonding capacity. 7. Contractors are asked to indicate what Districts they are interested in supporting and if there are any cost ranges in which task orders would be considered too small or too large to support. 8. All responders are encouraged to provide any additional positive/negative feedback to the procurement. Contractors are hereby strongly encouraged to make known their interest and experience in this type of work. The submission is limited to 30 pages (one sided). Please note that past performance information does not count toward 30 page limit. Electronic submission via email is required. Please email your qualification statement to Amy Davis, Amy.L.Davis@usace.army.mil by close of business on May 08, 2026

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/66181a92f6ef45718bcc44393485a466/view)