---
layout: default
title: USS RAFAEL PERALTA (DDG-115) FY26 SIA BUNDLE#1
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 49a7b24d656c4ff18ca8d9a4b6f1f751
---

# USS RAFAEL PERALTA (DDG-115) FY26 SIA BUNDLE#1

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 03:04:57.579-04
- Solicitation Number: N6264926RA036

## Summary

This is a pre-solicitation notice for an upcoming requirement by Ship Repair Facility and Japan Regional Maintenance Center (SRF-JRMC) and Naval Supply Systems Command (NAVSUP) Fleet Logistics Center Yokosuka (FLCY) for Ship Repair services. The Government intends to issue a solicitation for a Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) contract for the repair and continuous maintenance of United States Navy (USN) Surface Ship USS RAFAEL PERALTA (DDG-115). The anticipated scope of work includes, but not limited to the following work items known as Task Group Instructions (TGI): 38K6112001-A01: Scaffolding for Ship Repair Facility and Japan Regional Maintenance Center (SRF-JRMC) Work; install and remove 38K6112301-A01: FWD Uptake Space; repair 38K6112302-A01: Bilge in 5-300-01-E; inspect, repair, and preserve 38K6112303-A01: Incomplete Weld of Bimetallic Transition Joint for Engine Removal Rail in 02-174-1-Q; repair 38K6112304-A01: 1A Gas Turbine Module (GTM) Moisture Separator Bonding Strap; install 38K6112305-A01: Watertight Hatch 02-324-3; overhaul 38K6112306-A01: Watertight Door 03-178-1; replace 38K6112316-A01: No. 3 Ship’s Service Gas Turbine Generator (SSGTG) Intake and Exhaust Trunk; preserve 38K6112317-A01: Hook Assembly for Louver Door of No. 3 Ship Service Gas Turbine Generator (SSGTG) Intake; install 38K6112318-A01: Placard to FWD and AFT Gas Turbine Module (GTM) and Ship Service Gas Turbine Generator (SSGTG) Intake Moisture Separator/Blow in Door (BID) Flame; install 38K6112320-A01: Packing Assembly of Stuffing Tube for Cable Assembly, Fuel Tank Level Indicator System for Tank Group-5; replace 38K6112321-A01: Inspection, Repair, and Preservation of IRS Eductor Secondary Air Inlet Trunk; accomplish 38K6112325-A01: Replacement of Watertight Door 01-240-1 and Repair of Defect on Collar Plate, Stuffing Tube, and 02 Level Deck Plating in 01-240-1-A; accomplish 38K6113601-A01: Preservation of Vent Hood and Replacement of Weather Screen in 01 Level Weather Frame 240; accomplish 38K6113602-A01: Bulkhead Plating and Antenna 2-4 Platform, between 01 Level and 05 Level Weather, Frames between 202 and 247, Port and Starboard (Stbd); preserve 38K6113701-A01: Replacement of Nonskid System, Preservation of Stanchion, and Installation of Equipment on 02 Level Weather; accomplish 38K6113702-A01: Forward Exhaust Stack and Sloping Transverse Bulkhead in 03 Level Weather, Frames between 174 and 178, Port and Starboard (Stbd); preserve 38K6113801-A01: Replacement of Peel and Stick Nonskid System and Inspection, Repair, and Preservation of 03 Level Weather, Deck Plating; accomplish 38K6144104-A01: Bond Strap of AM-7641A/U Amplifier Filter Unit No. One for AS-4679/U Antenna 3-10B; replace 38K6145601-A01: Scaffolding for Ship Repair Facility and Japan Regional Maintenance Center (SRF-JRMC) Work; install and remove 38K6151101-A01: Scaffolding for Ship Repair Facility and Japan Regional Maintenance Center (SRF-JRMC) Work; install and remove 38K6152101-A02: Scaffolding for Ship Repair Facility and Japan Regional Maintenance Center (SRF-JRMC) Work; install and remove 38K6154101-A01: Panel of Blast Shield and Bonding Assembly of Kingpost for Fueling At Sea (FAS) Station No. 7 in 02 Level Weather, Starboard (Stbd); replace 38K6154101-T01: Tightness & Operational Test for Fuel Transfer System 38K6154101-T02: Tightness & Operational Test for JP-5 System 38K6154103-A02: Fuel Tank Group-5 and Group-6; dewater 38K6158301-A01: Rope Staple on Life Raft Cradle in 02 Level Weather, Frames between 166 and 169, Port; replace 38K6164401-A01: Transverse Bulkhead Plate Frame 338 in 3-338-10-L; repair 38K6165401-A01: Shore Power Cover on 01 Weather, Frame 240, Port and Starboard; repair 38K6169901-A01: Bonding Strap Assembly for Inclined Ladder in 02 and 03 Level Weather, Port; replace 38K6171101-A01: Nonskid System on Train Platform and Mounting Plate of AFT Close In Weapon System (CIWS); replace 38K6186301-A01: KTR Service Work for Temporary Utility Service; provide The work will be performed onboard Commander, Fleet Activities Yokosuka (CFAY), located in Yokosuka Naval Base, Japan. The anticipated Period of Performance (POP) is from 18 Jul 2026 to 20 Sep 2026. Projected Solicitation: The Government anticipates issuing a Request for Proposal (RFP) on or about 02 Apr 2026. The solicitation and any subsequent amendments will be made available through the System for Award Management (SAM.gov) website. Competition and Eligibility: The solicitation upon issuance is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan, as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Additionally, to ensure the U.S. Navy receives satisfactory repair effort to Navy ships, boats and crafts, the solicitation will require the offeror to possess a current and active USN Master Ship Repair Agreement (MSRA) or Agreement for Boat Repair (ABR) issued by the U.S. Navy or NAVSUP FLCY. Non MSRA/ABR holders may request an application for an MSRA or an ABR certification by requesting an application package from: flcy_msra_abr_group@us.navy.mil. Please note that the MSRA/ABR Certification process may require a year to complete. Set-asides: No socio-economic set-asides will be used for this acquisition. Point of Contact (POC): Ai Gillard, ai.gillard.ln@us.navy.mil (Contracting Officer) Miwa Takahashi, miwa.takahashi2.ln@us.navy.mil (Contract Specialist) Additional Information: This notice is NOT a request for proposals. The solicitation, when issued, will be available electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website at https://sam.gov/. All responsible and eligible sources may submit a quotation, bid, or proposal, as appropriate, in response to the subsequent solicitation, which will be considered by the agency. It is the responsibility of interested parties to monitor this site for the release of the solicitation and any subsequent amendments. All questions regarding this pre-solicitation notice should be submitted in writing to the POC listed above.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Miwa Takahashi
  - Email: miwa.takahashi2.ln@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 81468167623
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Ai Gillard - Contracting Officer
  - Email: ai.gillard.ln@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/49a7b24d656c4ff18ca8d9a4b6f1f751/view)