---
layout: default
title: Q301--Prostate Testing for Salt Lake City VA Medical Center
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: ee8997f6b01b44dca156ce2d8cd3ba0d
---

# Q301--Prostate Testing for Salt Lake City VA Medical Center

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 14:30:34.172-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0178
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Request for Quote (RFQ) #: 36C25926Q0178 New Five-Year Blanket Purchase Agreement Salt Lake City Prostate Testing Per Statement of Work (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation * The deadline for all questions is 4:00pm MT, 03/20/2026 All questions must be submitted in writing no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. ** Quotes are to be provided to (Devin.Reichert@va.gov) no later than 04:00pm MT, 04/03/2026. Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ) and the solicitation number is (36C25926Q0178). The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06 effective October 01, 2025. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is (621511) with a small business size standard of ($42 Million). This solicitation is unrestricted). List of Line Items: Line Item Description Five Year Blanket Purchase Agreement Quantity Estimated Per Ordering Period Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0001 Ordering Period 1 Prostate Testing Salt Lake City VA Medical Center System Projected Period of Performance 05/01/2026 04/30/2027 30 EA $ $ 0002 Ordering Period 2 Prostate Testing Salt Lake City VA Medical Center System Projected Period of Performance 05/01/2027 04/30/2028 30 EA $ $ 0003 Ordering Period 3 Prostate Testing Salt Lake City VA Medical Center System Projected Period of Performance 05/01/2028 04/30/2029 30 EA $ $ 0004 Ordering Period 4 Prostate Testing Salt Lake City VA Medical Center System Projected Period of Performance 05/01/2029 04/30/2030 30 EA $ $ 0005 Ordering Period 5 Prostate Testing Salt Lake City VA Medical Center System Projected Period of Performance 05/01/2030 04/30/2031 30 EA $ $ Grand Total ($) Description of Requirements for the items/Services to be acquired: The requirement is for Prostate Testing, please reference attached statement of work (SOW). Delivery and acceptance are to be F.O.B Destination (RFO 52.247-34) at Salt Lake City VA Medical Center (SLCVAMC). Salt Lake City VA Medical Center Foothill Drive Salt Lake City, UT, 84148 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement; (II) Price; and (III) Past Performance. Volume I - Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets all of the requirements of the statement of work (SOW) and solicitation. Volume II Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (v) above: Price/Cost Schedule. Volume III Past Performance Offeror must provide up to two recent and relevant past performance references attesting to contract performance (including contract numbers, amount of contract award, point of contact with email address, telephone numbers and other relevant information, and a description of product/work performed under the contract and how well they performed).Â Relevant past performance is defined as present/past performance effort involved similar scope and magnitude of effort and complexities this solicitation requires. Annual amount is used to determine similar scope and magnitude. Recent past performance is defined as performance completed within the last three years or currently in progress. Past performance must include a description of the following: 1.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Name of offeror being reviewed 2.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Name of company completing review. 3.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Description of services performed 4.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Performance dates 5.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Total contract value 6.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Addresses 7.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Contract numbers 8.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Performance Rating Offeror shall provide completed Past Performance Questionnaires (PPQ) from prior contracts, and it shall be signed by point of contact that oversaw performance or equal representative. See attachment S02 Past Performance Questionnaire. Submissions of the PPQ can be sent directly to the Government POC, devin.reichert@va.govÂ from the offeror as part of proposal submission or directly from third party by the proposal deadline. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets all of the requirements of the statement of work (SOW) and solicitation. Factor II. Price Factor III. Past Performance Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets all of the requirements of the statement of work (SOW) and solicitation, to include verification of turnaround times required for prostate testing, and how reports will be provided to Salt Lake City VA Medical Center. Factor II. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make a price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to meet the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1, shall not be selected regardless of price. Factor III. Past Performance: The Offeror shall be evaluated on relevant/recent performance of past contracts and how well the offerors identified performance relates to the work being procured under the Performance Work Statement for this procurement. The following will be used to assess past performance. Relevant past performance is defined as present/past performance effort involved similar scope and magnitude of effort and complexities this solicitation requires. Annual amount is used to determine similar scope and magnitude. Recent past performance is defined as performance completed within the last three years or currently in progress. The second aspect of the past performance evaluation is to determine how well the contractor performed on the contracts. The past performance evaluation performed in support of this evaluation does not establish, create, or change the existing record and history of the offeror's past performance on past contracts; rather, the past performance evaluation process gathers information from customers on how well the offeror performed those past contracts. The Evaluation Team will review this past performance information and determine the quality and usefulness as it applies to a performance confidence evaluation. In the case of an offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available, the offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. The Government may use other methods to evaluate past performance, including but not limited to review of CPARS. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: FAR 52.203-6 ALT I. Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government. (NOV 2021) FAR 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct. (NOV 2021) FAR 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) FAR 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements. (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting With Inverted Domestic Corporations. (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns. (DEVIATION DATE) FAR 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns. (DEVIATION DATE) FAR 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.219-28 Post Award Small Business Program Representation (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (MAY 2014) FAR 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.224-3 ALT 1 Privacy Training ALT I (JAN 2017) FAR 52.225-3 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - System for Award Management (OCT 2018) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) FAR 52.233-3 Protest after Award (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION OCT 2025 Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days. 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.211-76 Liquidated Damages-Reimbursement for Data Breach Costs (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899 (APR 2025) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020) VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.209-70 Organizational Conflicts of Interest (OCT 2020) VAAR 852.215-72 Notice of Intent to Re-solicit (OCT 2019) VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: FAR 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions (SEP 2024) FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.225-6 Trade Agreements Certificate (FEB 2021) FAR 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation (DEVIATION NOV 2025) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to Devin.Reichert@va.gov by 04:00pm MT, 04/03/2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Devin Reichert Devin.Reichert@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Devin Reichert
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: devin.reichert@va.gov
  - Phone: 303-712-5733

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Past Performance Questionnaire. Submissions of the PPQ can be sent directly to the Government POC, devin.reichert@va.govÂ from the offeror as part of proposal submission or directly from third party by the proposal deadline. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets all of the requirements of the statement of work (SOW) and solicitation. Factor II. Price Factor III. Past Performance Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets all of the requirements of the statement of work (SOW) and solicitation, to include verification of turnaround times required for prostate testing, and how reports will be provided to Salt Lake City VA Medical Center. Factor II. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make a price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to meet the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1, shall not be selected regardless of price. Factor III. Past Performance: The Offeror shall be evaluated on relevant/recent performance of past contracts and how well the offerors identified performance relates to the work being procured under the Performance Work Statement for this procurement. The following will be used to assess past performance. Relevant past performance is defined as present/past performance effort involved similar scope and magnitude of effort and complexities this solicitation requires. Annual amount is used to determine similar scope and magnitude. Recent past performance is defined as performance completed within the last three years or currently in progress. The second aspect of the past performance evaluation is to determine how well the contractor performed on the contracts. The past performance evaluation performed in support of this evaluation does not establish, create, or change the existing record and history of the offeror"s past performance on past contracts; rather, the past performance evaluation process gathers information from customers on how well the offeror performed those past contracts. The Evaluation Team will review this past performance information and determine the quality and usefulness as it applies to a performance confidence evaluation. In the case of an offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available, the offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. The Government may use other methods to evaluate past performance, including but not limited to review of CPARS. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: FAR 52.203-6 ALT I. Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government. (NOV 2021) FAR 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct. (NOV 2021) FAR 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) FAR 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements. (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting With Inverted Domestic Corporations. (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns. (DEVIATION DATE) FAR 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns. (DEVIATION DATE) FAR 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.219-28 Post Award Small Business Program Representation (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (MAY 2014) FAR 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.224-3 ALT 1 Privacy Training ALT I (JAN 2017) FAR 52.225-3 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - System for Award Management (OCT 2018) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) FAR 52.233-3 Protest after Award (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION OCT 2025 Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days. 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.211-76 Liquidated Damages-Reimbursement for Data Breach Costs (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899 (APR 2025) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020) VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.209-70 Organizational Conflicts of Interest (OCT 2020) VAAR 852.215-72 Notice of Intent to Re-solicit (OCT 2019) VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: FAR 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions (SEP 2024) FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.225-6 Trade Agreements Certificate (FEB 2021) FAR 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation (DEVIATION NOV 2025) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to Devin.Reichert@va.gov by 04:00pm MT, 04/03/2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Devin Reichert Devin.Reichert@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ee8997f6b01b44dca156ce2d8cd3ba0d/view)