---
layout: default
title: CONNECTOR,PENETRATI
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 74a234df12a14d90bf8e8568aedea47e
---

# CONNECTOR,PENETRATI

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 04:34:26.752-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QFC04

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N743.49|WVE|771-229-0573|benjamin.t.spangler.civ@us.navy.mil | ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|See specification sections C and E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8||||||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|B| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications Combo - Receiving Report & Invoice - Material |N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|N39040 - Certifications, S4306A - Material |N50286|TBD|133.2|N/A|N/A|N39040 - Certifications |N/A |N/A|SEE DD FORM 1423 |PORT_PTNH_WAWF_NOTIFICATION@NAVY.MIL BENJAMIN.T.SPANGLER.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|One year from date of delivery.|One year from date of delivery.||||| FIRST ARTICLE APPROVAL--GOVERNMENT TESTING (SEP 1989)|7|One |0001AC|30 |N39040|270|X|| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| WARRANTY OF DATA-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0035) (FEB 2026)|2||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|335931|600|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| EVALUATION OF FIRST ARTICLE TESTING|3|X|$59K|| This amendment is issued to update the closing date in regard to drawing publication. \ 1.DD1423 Data Item A001 (Inspection and Test Plan) may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. 2. Portsmouth NSY's DODAAC has changed from N00102 to N50286. Any reference toN00102 within this order should be updated to N50286. 3. The following proposed delivery schedule applies: Submission of Certification Data CDRLs will be on or before 20 days prior to scheduled delivery. Weld procedure and qual data 120 days ADC LT Approval of weld procedures and qual data 60 days after receipt PNSY review/acceptance of Certification CDRLs 6 working days after receipt of Certification DD 1423 CDRLs. Final delivery of material will be on or before 365 days after effective date of the resulting contract. 4. Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be "DO" rated order; "DO" rated order certified for national defense use under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). 5. NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg will be considering past performance in the evaluation of offers in accordance with DFARS 252.204-7024. 6. If drawings are included in the solicitation, access needs to be requested on the individual solicitation page on Contracts Opportunities on the Government's SAM.gov website. After requesting access, send an email to the Primary POC listed on the solicitation. 7. This order is issued pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained.

2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.2.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.2.3 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. DRAWING DATA=EB-3004 |96169| D|SP |D|0001 | D|49998|1346648 DRAWING DATA=EB-3004/1 |96169| D|SP |D|0001 | D|49998|0353100 DRAWING DATA=EB-3004/1 |96169| D|SP |D|0002 | D|49998|0204184 DRAWING DATA=EB-3004/1 |96169| D|SP |D|0003 | D|49998|0114911 DRAWING DATA=EB-3004/1 |96169| D|SP |D|0004 | D|49998|0208787 DRAWING DATA=EB-3004/1 |96169| D|SP |D|0005 | D|49998|0189412 DRAWING DATA=EB-3004/1 |96169| D|SP |D|0006 | D|49998|0258694 DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 | | |B |190424|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 |0020| |B |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-281 | | |D |851023|A| 2| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-286 | | |G |001207|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |060519|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2035 | | |A |950515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2132 | | |D |080310|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24231 | | |E |130426|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24231 |0010| |E |130426|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24231 |0011| |E |130426|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24231 |0014| |E |130426|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=A-A-59004 | | |B |181118|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Manufacture and Design - The item furnished under this contract/purchase order must meet the requirements as specified in Electric Boat (EB) Specification 3004, except as amplified or modified herein. EB Spec 3004 ordering data is provided below: (a) Penetrator, Hull, Electrical, Cable Harness Assemblies, Pressure-Proof for SSN 688 Class Vertical Launch System; EB Spec 3004. (b) Penetrator, Hull, Electrical, Pressure-Proof, for SSN 688 Class Vertical Launch System, EB Spec 3004/1, part number 3004/1-001. (c) Pressure-Proof Caps and Sealing Plugs are not required. (d) Level of preservation, packaging, and marking must be as specified elsewhere in the contract/purchase order.; 3.2 ;Paragraph 4.1 of EB Spec 3004, does not apply.;

3.3 First Article Approval (Government Testing) - First Article Test (FAT) and approval is required. 3.4 ;The FAT sample(s) must not be delivered against the contract quantity.;

3.5 Material for Parts Requiring Certification - Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis is required for the parts listed below unless specifically stated otherwise: Part - ;Body (M24231/11-007, as modified by EB-3004/1), Cover (M24231/11-008), Nut (M24231/11-031) and Washer (M24231/10-043); Material - ;QQ-N-286, Form 2 or Form 7, Annealed and Age Hardened with Mechanical properties in accordance with EB Spec 3004, paragraph 3.3.2.1; Part - ;Body, Receptacle (M24231/14-010); Material - ;QQ-N-281, Class A, Form 1 or Form 2, Hot Finished or Cold Drawn;

3.6 Testing Certification - Certifications are required for the following tests on the items listed below. Additional testing on other piece parts (if any) per applicable drawings is still required, but certifications are only required as listed below. Test - Non-Destructive Tests Item - ;Weld Repair (as applicable); Performance - Per applicable fabrication specification Acceptance - Per applicable fabrication specification Test - ;Dye Penetrant Inspection; Item - ;Body (M24231/11-007, as modified by EB-3004/1), Cover (M24231/11-008), Nut (M24231/11-031), and Washer (M24231/10-043); Performance - ;T9074-AS-GIB-010/271; Acceptance - ;MIL-STD-2035; Test - 5x Visual Magnification or Dye Penetrant Inspection (root layer) Item - Weldments Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 Acceptance - MIL-STD-2035 Test - Visual and Dye Penetrant Inspection (final layer) Item - Weldments Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 Acceptance - MIL-STD-2035 Attribute - Annealing and Age Hardening Item - ;Body (M24231/11-007, as modified by EB-3004/1), Cover (M24231/11-008), Nut (M24231/11-031), and Washer (M24231/10-043); Performance - QQ-N-286 Test - Ultrasonic Inspection on Starting Material Item - ;All Items requiring certification made from QQ-N-286 with a diameter or minimum distance between parallel surfaces of 4 inches or greater of the starting material, or when required by a drawing or specification invoked elsewhere in this contract; Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 or MIL-STD-2132, and QQ-N-286 Acceptance - QQ-N-286 Test - Quality Conformance/Compliance Inspection Item - ;Each Penetrator Assembly; Performance - ;EB Spec 3004, paragraph 4.5; Acceptance - ;EB Spec 3004, paragraph 4.5; ;NOTE: The dielectric voltage withstanding test must be performed at 1000 VAC for 60 seconds hold time.;

3.7 Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test Laboratories - The Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test of QQ-N-286 must be performed by one of the following laboratories: Huntington Alloys, a Special Metals Company Attn: Bill Bolenr 3200 Riverside Drive Huntington, WV 257059 Phone: (304) 526-5889 FAX: (304) 526-5973 Metallurgical Consultants, Inc. Attn: W. M. Buehler 4820 Caroline PO Box 88046 Houston, TX 77288-0046 Phone: (713) 526-6351 FAX: (713) 526-2964 Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division Attn: Eric Focht Code 614 9500 Macarthur Blvd West Bethesda, MD 20817-5700 Phone: (301) 227-5032 FAX: (301) 227-5576 Teledyne Allvac Attn: Dr. W. D. Cao 2020 Ashcraft Ave. Monroe, NC 28110 Phone: (704) 289-4511 FAX: (704) 289-4269 Westmoreland Mechanical Testing and Research Inc. Attn: Andrew Wisniewski P.O. Box 388 Youngstown, PA 15696-0388 Mannesmann Rohrenwerke Mannesmann Forschungsinstitut (MFI) Attn: Dr. Weiss Postfach 251160 47251 Duisburg Germany Phone: 011-49-0203-9993194 FAX: 011-49-0203-9994415 ThyssenKrupp VDM USA, Inc. Attn: D. C. Agarwal 11210 Steeplecrest Drive, Suite 120 Houston, TX 77065-4939 Phone: (281) 955-6683

3.8 The pressure tolerance must be as specified in the assembly drawing, detail drawing, design specification or elsewhere in this contract. Where pressure tolerances are not provided by drawings, specifications or specified elsewhere in this contract, the following must be used: For pressure tests below 100 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +1 PSIG / -0 PSIG. For pressure tests at or above 100 PSIG up to and including 2500 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +2% / -0 PSIG rounded off to the nearest multiple of the smallest graduation on an analog test pressure gauge, not to exceed 50 PSIG. For pressure tests above 2500 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +2% / -0 PSIG, rounded off to the nearest multiple of the smallest graduation on an analog test pressure gauge, not to exceed 200 PSIG. The pressure test time tolerance must be as specified in the assembly drawing, detail drawing, design specification or elsewhere in this contract. Where pressure test time tolerances are not provided by drawings, specifications or specified elsewhere in this contract, the following must be used: For a test duration up to and including 1 hour, the tolerance must be +5 minutes / - 0 minutes. For a test duration of more than 1 hour up to and including 24 hours, the tolerance must be +30 minutes / - 0 minutes. For a test duration of more than 24 hours, the tolerance must be +60 minutes / - 0 minutes.

3.9 Thread Inspection Requirements - All threads on threaded parts must be inspected using appropriate inspection methods, inspection systems, and inspection gages/instruments in accordance with FED-STD-H28 series. Substitution of thecommercial equivalent inspection in accordance with ASME B1 series is acceptable. 3.9.1 System 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used as a minimum inspection requirement for threads when the design drawing or design specification does not specify an inspection requirement. 3.9.2 For Navy and Shipyard drawings, system 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 may be substituted for System 22 without further Navy approval when the design drawing invokes System 22 and does not cite governing specifications that specifically require system 22. System 22 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used when the drawing references other governing specifications that specifically require System 22, such as certain thread types of MIL-DTL-1222. 3.9.3 A written request for concurrence must be submitted when utilizing alternative measuring equipment or measuring systems not applicable to the specified inspection system.

3.10 Thread Lubricant - Thread lubricants containing molybdenum disulfide must not be used on this material. Bacteria in water, especially seawater, causes molybdenum disulfide to break down. The by-products of the breakdown form compounds which attack the fasteners. Anti-galling compound A-A-59004 must be used as a replacement when thread lubricant is required for assembly.

3.11 Internal Threads - All internal threads must be formed by cutting. Cold forming of internal threads is not acceptable.

3.12 Welding or Brazing - When welding, brazing, and allied processes are required, as invoked by Section C paragraph 3 requirements, they must be in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, 0900-LP-001-7000 for brazing of piping and pressure vessel applications, or S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 for brazing of other applications. For all production and repair welding and brazing, personnel and procedures must be qualified under S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 or 0900-LP-001-7000, as applicable. Repair welding is not permitted on ;QQ-N-286 material; . Procedures and Qualification Data must be submitted for review and approval prior to performing any welding or brazing.

3.13 O-ring grooves and mating sealing surfaces must be inspected per the contractually invoked drawings or specifications. When the drawings or specifications do not provide specific defect criteria or state that no defects are allowed, the General Acceptance Criteria (GAC) standard must be used for inspecting O-ring grooves and mating sealing surfaces only. Repairs to sealing surfaces and O-ring grooves with unacceptable defects may be accomplished within the limits of the size and tolerances provided in the applicable drawing. Repairs thatwould exceed these limits require approval (including final dimensions). The data that is red lined (crossed out) is excluded from the GAC for this contract and is not to be used for acceptance or rejection criteria. The GAC document is identified as Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD008 at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/

3.14 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings.

3.15 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.15.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.15.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.15.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change.

3.16 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection.

3.17 NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010 - Any applicable requirements of NAVSHIPS 4410.17,NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010, or 0948-045-7010 which the contractor must meet are included in this contract/purchase order. The above documents are for GovernmentUse Only. Further application of the above documents is prohibited.prohibited. 3.17.1 Marking of material with a Material Designator per the Drawing is also prohibited, with the exception of Fasteners. Fasteners must be marked with a Material Symbol/Designator as specified elsewhere in this contract. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^

3.18 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Test Certification) - A statement of tests performed, listing the pieces tested must be furnished along with a copy of the test results. Certification must include the contractor's name, address and date, quantity inspected, identified to the contract/purchase order and item number, and the Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature. Test certifications must reference the standard/specification, including the revision, to which the testing was performed and the acceptance criteria used. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. Test reports on weldments must be identified to weld joint and layer.

3.19 See CDRLs DI-MISC-80875 (welding procedures) and DI-MISC-80876 (weld procedure qualification data) - When production or repair welding is required, the applicable welding procedure(s) and qualification data must be submitted for review and approval. In addition, the CONSUMED WELD METAL C of C as defined below must be submitted as part of the certification OQE package submitted by the Contractor. Note: These requirements do not apply to tack/spot welds. 3.19.1 Approval of the Contractor's qualification data must be obtained prior to performing any welding (production or repair). 3.19.2 If the Contractors qualification data has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the procedures and qualification data report to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable welding procedure and qualification data report identification/number. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. As far as practical, all procedures for the contract must be submitted at the same time. Welding procedures and qualification data must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. The contractor must state the applicability of each weld procedure and qualification data submitted, citing the drawing number and pieces to be welded. (i.e. "WP-123 and QD-123 are submitted for the weld joint between pieces 1 and 2 on drawing ABC." WP-456 and QD-456 are submitted for the hardfacing of piece 3 on drawing XYZ.") 3.19.3 The PCO's authorization for the use of weld procedure(s) and qualification data for the specific application as submitted does not mitigate the vendors responsibility to comply with the requirements of S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248, S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, and the contract. 3.19.4 Authority for the repair of Special Repairs in castings, the repair of wrought material, or the repair of forged material must be obtained via request for waiver from the Procurement Contracting Officer. This request must describe the defect; including size, depth, location, and a description of the proposed repair. Repairs deemed minor or nominal in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 can be made at contractor discretion in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 requirements; however, Weld Procedure Specification (WPS) and Procedure Qualification Record (PQR) submittals are still required. This request for NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted via the Electronic Contractor Data Submission (ECDS) application. 3.19.5 Any new procedure qualification performed under this Contract will require the vendor to provide a minimum 72 hour notification to DCMA with an offer to observe the welding of the test assemblies. The 72 hour time limit may be modified upon mutual agreement between the vendor and DCMA. 3.19.6 When drawings require hardfacing surface Iron or Nickel content not to exceed 5%, the contractor must verify surface Iron or Nickel content by performing chemical testing as defined by the applicable drawing. The chemical test results must be submitted as part of the qualification data. 3.19.7 Additional qualification requirements for production hardfacing thickness less than 1/8-inch: Macro-etch (or legible photomacrographs clearly showing the fusion area) must be submitted for review and show consistent, minimized dilution. All essential elements and any elements not listed in S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 that influence dilution must be in the qualification data and weld procedure, with strict limits placed on each essential element. 3.19.8 Preparation and retention of weld records is required, as specified by paragraph 4.1.3 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278. 3.19.9 When production or repair welding is required on titanium materials, the applicable fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, and active welder qualification must also be submitted for review and approval. 3.19.10 If the contractor's fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, or active welder qualification has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the applicable documentation to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable documentation. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. The contractor's fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, and active welder qualification must be submitted at the same time as the applicable welding procedure(s) and weld procedure qualification data. All documentation must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format, such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. 3.19.11 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Consumed Weld Metal) - A Certificate of Compliance is required for all weld filler metals used for production or repair welding, and must include the following: a) Filler Metal LOT number(s) b) Specification and Type c) A positive statement that the vendor has obtained OQE and verified that each LOT of weld filler material conforms to specification requirements. d) A positive statement verifying that the weld filler metals were the correct material type or grade prior to consumption. 3.19.12 When production welds or repair welds are performed by a subcontractor, the requirement for submission of all certification documentation required herein must be passed down to the subcontractor.

3.20 First Article Test/Inspection (Government) - ;Destructive; - The Contractor shall deliver ;one (1) Penetrator Assembly; unit(s) to ;Receiving Officer Portsmouth Naval Shipyard Building 240, Code 270 (207-438-5445) Kittery, ME 03904-5000; for First Article Tests in accordance with the ;requirements of EB Specification 3004, paragraph 4.4; .

3.21 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-45662, is acceptable as an alternate. 3.21.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/nonacceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.21.2 The Contractor's quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.21.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of Level I/SUBSAFE (LI/SS) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.21.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.21.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require re-submittal to the PCO and concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption.

3.22 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. Inspection records must be traceable to the material inspected. 3.22.1 The supplier's gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.22.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative.

3.23 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately." 3.23.1 The prime contractor's program must include procedures to assess the capability of the prospective suppliers to produce the products or supply the services in accordance with the contract, prior to the issuance of any purchase document. 3.23.2 Each sub-tier supplier of material or services for items in Section 3 of this contract must be subjected to a periodic review or audit by the Prime to determine the continued capability of the supplier to control the quality of the products or services specified in the purchase order or contract. 3.23.3 The prime contractor must ensure that the purchase...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7712290573
  - Email: BENJAMIN.SPANGLER@NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. 2.2.3 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. DRAWING DATA=EB-3004 |96169| D|SP |D|0001 | D|49998|1346648 DRAWING DATA=EB-3004/1 |96169| D|SP |D|0001 | D|49998|0353100 DRAWING DATA=EB-3004/1 |96169| D|SP |D|0002 | D|49998|0204184 DRAWING DATA=EB-3004/1 |96169| D|SP |D|0003 | D|49998|0114911 DRAWING DATA=EB-3004/1 |96169| D|SP |D|0004 | D|49998|0208787 DRAWING DATA=EB-3004/1 |96169| D|SP |D|0005 | D|49998|0189412 DRAWING DATA=EB-3004/1 |96169| D|SP |D|0006 | D|49998|0258694 DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 | | |B |190424|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 |0020| |B |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-281 | | |D |851023|A| 2| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-286 | | |G |001207|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |060519|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2035 | | |A |950515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2132 | | |D |080310|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24231 | | |E |130426|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24231 |0010| |E |130426|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24231 |0011| |E |130426|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24231 |0014| |E |130426|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=A-A-59004 | | |B |181118|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Manufacture and Design - The item furnished under this contract/purchase order must meet the requirements as specified in Electric Boat (EB) Specification 3004, except as amplified or modified herein. EB Spec 3004 ordering data is provided below: (a) Penetrator, Hull, Electrical, Cable Harness Assemblies, Pressure-Proof for SSN 688 Class Vertical Launch System; EB Spec 3004. (b) Penetrator, Hull, Electrical, Pressure-Proof, for SSN 688 Class Vertical Launch System, EB Spec 3004/1, part number 3004/1-001. (c) Pressure-Proof Caps and Sealing Plugs are not required. (d) Level of preservation, packaging, and marking must be as specified elsewhere in the contract/purchase order.; 3.2 ;Paragraph 4.1 of EB Spec 3004, does not apply

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/74a234df12a14d90bf8e8568aedea47e/view)