---
layout: default
title: Forklift Rental
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: ba1f3d6c383945428017fef909895c36
---

# Forklift Rental

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 12:15:47.344-04
- Solicitation Number: N32253-26-Q-0008

## Summary

********************************************************************** UPDATE 04/09/2026 Item 1: Questions and Answers have been posted in attachments section. Item 2: Added Performance Work Statement. ********************************************************************** Pearl Harbor Naval Shipyard & Intermediate Maintenance Facility (PHNSY & IMF) is a US Navy regional industrial center that maintains, overhauls and repairs various vessels of the US Navy. Its industrial operations provide the US naval forces with a wide range of services and resources located on the island of Oahu, Hawaii, with direct and indirect support to submarines, surface vessels and shore based activities in the Pacific. PHNSY & IMF seeks the rental of two (2) long tine forklifts during the Base Period for Twelve (12) months, four (4) additional long tine forklifts for Nine (9) months of the Base Period and six (6) long tine forklifts for six (6) months in the option period to assist in operations within the shipyard. The contractor shall provide all labor, equipment, tools and materials in order to accomplish the work detailed in the Performance Work Statement (PWS). The tentative period of performance for this service: Base Period*: From 20 April 2026 to 19 April 2027 One (1) 6000 lbs forklift One (1) 14000 lbs forklift From 20 July 2026 to 19 April 2027 Three (3) 6000 lbs forklift One (1) 14000 lbs forklift Option Period*: From 20 April 2027 to 19 October 2027 Four (4) 6000 lbs forklift Two (2) 14000 lbs forklift *(Performance period may be updated.) If you are unable to meet the Period of Performance date, please submit soonest availability with submission of quotation. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this procurement is 532490 Other Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment Rental and Leasing; size standard for this NAICS is $40,000,000.00. Product Service Code is W039 – Lease or Rental of Equipment – Materials Handling Equipment. Please note the following: The solicitation number for this requirement is N32253-26-Q-0008 Quotes are due no later than 04/13/2026 at 01:00 p.m. HST. Quotes must be sent via email to both the primary and secondary points of contact. All firms or individuals responding must be registered with the System for Award Management(SAM) (https://www.sam.gov) by the award date. As part of the price quote package, the Offeror shall submit the completed SF 1449 with blocks 17a., 30a., 30b. and 30c. (SF 1449 page 1) and CLIN information 0001, 0002, 0003, 0004, 1001 and 1002 (SF 1449 pages 3-4) completed. Submission of a signed offer to the Government constitutes agreement and acceptance of the solicited terms and conditions. The Government may revise the solicitation at any time by means of an Amendment. It is an offeror’s responsibility to ensure it is accessing the Government Point of Entry (GPE) website, https://sam.gov/, to view potential amendments and procurement notifications for this solicitation. The propsal shall include An itemized price quote that clearly and concisely describes and defines the contractor's response to the requirements contained in the RFQ. Provide an itemize price breakdown of the quote (monthly price per unit/model, delivery and pickup charge, if any.). The price breakdown will be used to determine price reasonableness. The Government reserves the right to reject any quotation that is determined to be unreasonable in price or otherwise not in the best interest of the Government; Technical Approach: Please submit a technical proposal (not to exceed 10 pages) that clearly demonstrates thorough knowledge and understanding of, and approach to, accomplishing each paragraph listed in the PWS and solicitation requirements. The proposal must contain sufficient details so that it may be evaluated in accordance with the PWS and comply with the period of performance set forth in the solicitation. Nonconformance will deem an Offeror ineligible. As part of the technical proposal submit the following documents: i) forklift specifications or brochure, ii) if using subcontractor provide a subcontracting plan and a signed commitment letter form the subcontractor. iii) Certification that the forklift can be delivered on or before POP start date; Relevant Past Performance: List of contracts for work that is similar or same to the work required. The resulting contract award requires a CMMC Level 1 self-certification for handling Federal Contract Information (FCI). Therefore, this solicitation includes DFARS provision 252.204-7025. Offerors must possess a valid CMMC Level 1 (SelfAssessment) certification at the time of offer submission and for the duration of any resulting contract. Government will verify Offeror's CMMC Level 1 (Self-Assessment) certification at the time of offer submission. Offerors failing to meet this requirement at the time of offer submission will be considered ineligible for award and their offers will not be evaluated. Offer Delivery: Offerors shall deliver their Offer via email only to the Government Points of Contact (POC's) listed below. No other means of delivery will be accepted. Notice of email size and attachments: Offerors are hereby advised that the size limit including attachments is 35 MB per email. Emails that exceed this size limit will not be received by the Government. It is the Offeror's sole responsibility to ensure their Offer is received by the Government POCs no later than the specified closing date and time. When necessary to comply with this size limit, the Offeror may deliver their Offer through multiple emails, with each email clearly marked in the Subject line indicating its sequence order within the total number of emails being transmitted (for example, email 1 of 3). Offers received after the due date may not be considered unless the Contracting Officer determines that the delay was caused solely by the Government and accepting the Offer is in the best interest of the Government. Contract award will be in accordance to 52.212-2 as stated in the solicitation. All questions regarding solicitation N32253-25-Q-0008 shall be submitted in writing via email to the listed POCs. Questions are due 04/09/2026 01:00 PM HST.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Reid Saito
  - Email: reid.y.saito.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Lyndon Paloma
  - Email: lyndon.g.paloma.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ba1f3d6c383945428017fef909895c36/view)