---
layout: default
title: PF-613 MERLIN Hauling and Coating
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0faee75018d649fba467664ffbe58038
---

# PF-613 MERLIN Hauling and Coating

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 16:06:57.12-04
- Solicitation Number: 6991PE26Q000005

## Summary

1. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and/or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12 Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. 2. Solicitation number 6991PE26Q000005 is issued as a Request For Quotation (RFQ) for PF-613 MERLIN Hauling and Coating. 3. This procurement is a total small business set-aside under North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 336611, Ship Building and Repairing, with a small business size standard of 1,300 employees. The Product Service Code (PSC) is 1940. To be considered eligible to participate in this procurement, contractors must be certified as a small business under NAICS code 336611. 4. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide and https://www.acquisition.gov/tar. 5. The Government intends to award a firm fixed price purchase order as a result of this Combined Synopsis/Solicitation. Each Offeror may use. 6. Description of Requirements The U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT), Maritime Administration (MARAD), Suisun Bay Reserve Fleet (SBRF), located in Benicia, California, has a requirement haul out the vessel, prepare hull surfaces for recoating by sanding, recoat hull, and renew all anodes, and perform other miscellaneous repairs as identified in the attached Statement of Work (SOW). The period of performance is 60 days after award. 7. Required Responses Questions or comments regarding this solicitation shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer via email at jon.meagher@dot.gov by April 24th, 2026 at 1:00 PM (PT), to allow the Government sufficient time to respond. Any questions received after this date are not guaranteed to be addressed. Quotations shall be submitted electronically via email to the Contracting Officer at jon.meagher@dot.gov by May 1st, 2026 at 1:00 PM (PT). Late quotations may not be considered. Please reference the solicitation number in the subject line. 8. Solicitation Provisions

8.1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated By Reference FAR 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide (End of provision) FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Representation (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management – Registration (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (DEVIATION SEP 2025) FAR 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products (FEB 2021) FAR 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.252-5 Authorized Deviations and Provisions (NOV 2020) The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in DOT solicitations. Examples include: • 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance. • 52.212-3(d), Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Products and Commercial Services. • 52.223-22, Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals –Representation. • 52.212-3(t), Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Contracting officers will not need to consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. 9. Contract Clauses

9.1 Contract Clauses Incorporated By Reference FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide and https://www.acquisition.gov/tar. FAR 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (NOV 2023) FAR 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management – Maintenance (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (DEVIATION FEB 2026) FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor (DEVIATION MAR 2026) FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (DEVIATION MAR 2026) FAR 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards (DEVIATION MAR 2026) FAR 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (DEVIATION MAR 2026) FAR 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (DEVIATION MAR 2026) FAR 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (DEVIATION MAR 2026) FAR 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2004) FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management (OCT 2018) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) FAR 52.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations (JUN 2013) FAR 52.233-3 Protest After Award (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in Clauses (NOV 2020) TAR 1252.201-70 Contracting Officer's Representative (NOV 2022) TAR 1252.223-71 TAR 1252.223-70 Accident and Fire Reporting (NOV 2022) Removal or Disposal of Hazardous Substances - Applicable Licenses and Permits. TAR 1252.242-72 Dissemination of Contract Information (NOV 2022) TAR 1252.232-70 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (DEVIATION) (AUG 2025) a) Definitions. As used in this clause - (1) Contract financing payment has the meaning given in FAR 32.001. (2) Payment request means a bill, voucher, invoice, or request for contract financing payment or invoice payment with associated supporting documentation. The payment request must comply with the requirements identified in FAR 32.905(b), “Content of Invoices,” this clause, and the applicable Payment clause included in this contract. (3) Electronic form means an automated system transmitting information electronically according to the accepted electronic data transmission methods and formats identified in paragraph (c) of this clause. Facsimile, email, and scanned documents are not acceptable electronic forms for submission of payment requests. (4) Invoice payment has the meaning given in FAR 32.001. (b) Electronic payment requests. Except as provided in paragraph (e) of this clause, the contractor shall submit payment requests in electronic form. Purchases paid with a Governmentwide commercial purchase card are considered to be an electronic transaction for purposes of this rule, and therefore no additional electronic invoice submission is required. (c) Processing system. The Department of Transportation utilizes the DELPHI system for processing invoices. The DELPHI module for submitting invoices is called iSupplier. Access to DELPHI is granted with electronic authentication of credentials (name & valid email address) utilizing the GSA credentialing platform login.gov. Vendors submitting invoices are required to submit invoices via iSupplier (DELPHI) and authenticated via www.login.gov. (d) Invoice requirements. To receive payment and in accordance with the Prompt Payment Act, all invoices submitted as attachments in iSupplier (DELPHI) shall contain the following: (1) Invoice number and invoice date. (2) Period of performance covered by invoice. (3) Contract number and title. (4) Task/Delivery Order number and title (if applicable). (5) Amount billed (by CLIN), current and cumulative. (6) Total ($) of billing. (7) Cumulative total billed for all contract work to date. (8) Name, title, phone number, and mailing address of person to be contacted in the event of a defective invoice. (9) Travel. If the contract includes allowances for travel, all invoices which include charges pertaining to travel expenses will catalog a breakdown of reimbursable expenses with the appropriate receipts to substantiate the travel expenses. (10) The following statement “The Contractor certifies that, by submitting this invoice to the Government, the supplies and/or services billed have been shipped, rendered, or delivered in accordance with instructions issued by the ordering officer; that they are reflected in the quantities and/or period of performance stated on the invoice; and that such supplies and/or services conform to the quantity and quality requirements specified in the applicable contract, order, or blanket purchase agreement. Furthermore, pursuant to Executive Order 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination And Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity, the Contractor certifies that it is in compliance with the Equal Protection principles of the Constitution and all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws, and acknowledges that such compliance is material to the Government’s payment decision under the False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. § 3729(b)(4)). The Contractor also affirms that it does not operate any diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) initiatives that are inconsistent with the Equal Protection principles of the Constitution and the non-discrimination requirements of Federal law, as interpreted by the Supreme Court in Students for Fair Admissions v. Harvard, 600 U.S. 181 (2023).” (e) Payment system registration. All persons accessing the iSupplier (DELPHI) will be required to have their own unique user ID and password and be credentialed through login.gov. (1) Electronic authentication. See www.login.gov for instructions. (2) To create a www.login.gov account, the user will need a valid email address and a working phone number. The user will create a password and then www.login.gov will reply with an email confirming the email address. (3) iSupplier (DELPHI) registration instructions: New users should navigate to: http://einvoice.esc.gov to establish an account. Users are required to log in to iSupplier (DELPHI) every 45 days to keep it active. (4) Training on DELPHI. To facilitate use of DELPHI, comprehensive user information is available at http://einvoice.esc.gov. (5) Account Management. Vendors are responsible to contact their assigned COR when their firm's points of contacts will no longer be submitting invoices, so they can be removed from the system. (f) Waivers. For contractors/vendors who are unable to utilize DOT's DELPHI system, waivers may be considered by DOT on a case-by-case basis. Vendors should contact their Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) for procedures. (g) Exceptions and alternate payment procedures. If, based on one of the circumstances set forth in 1232.7002(a) or (b), and the contracting officer directs that payment requests be made by mail, the contractor shall submit payment requests by mail through the United States Postal Service to the designated agency office. If alternate payment procedures are authorized, the Contractor shall include a copy of the Contracting Officer's written authorization with each payment request. If DELPHI is succeeded by later technology, the Contracting Officer will supply the Contractor with the latest applicable electronic invoicing instructions. (End of clause)

9.3 MARAD Clauses MCL.E-1 Delegation of Inspection and Acceptance (AUG 2005) The Contracting Officer's Technical Representative shall be delegated the responsibility and authority to conduct inspection and acceptance duties for this contract. 10. SUBMITTAL INSTRUCTIONS In addition to the referenced provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offeror – Commercial Items, quoters shall follow the instructions below.

10.1 General Instructions Format. Non-price quotations shall be formatted for viewing/printing using 8.5 by 11 inch paper size, 1 inch margins, using at least a Times New Roman 11 point font. System for Award Management (SAM) Registration. SAM REGISTRATION IS REQUIRED. Contractors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements via SAM accessed through https://www.sam.gov. Lack of registration in SAM may make a quoter ineligible for award. Information on how to register and the time required is detailed in FAR 52.204-7.

10.2 Quotation Instructions At a minimum, include the following: Experience/Past Performance. Provide a listing of up to three (3) relevant projects completed within the past three (3) years. Relevant is defined as a project of similar or greater size, scope, and complexity to the requirements of the SOW. Each project shall not exceed one (1) page and include the following information as applicable: Project name Name and address of client organization Contract number and order number Contract type Total contract value Period of performance Description of work performed Points of contact including name, telephone number and email address Price Quotation. Submit pricing using the Offeror’s price worksheet. Please ensure that the price quotation is valid for at least 30 days from the date of established for receipt of quotations. The price quotation should be included in a separate document to facilitate an independent evaluation. 11. Basis of Award and Evaluation Criteria Award will be made on a Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) basis. The Government plans to award a single purchase order to a sole responsible quoter with the lowest total evaluated price meeting or exceeding technical acceptability standards, having an acceptable or neutral past performance. The Government plans to evaluate quotations and make award without conducting discussions. Quoters may be given the opportunity to clarify certain aspects of their quotation or resolve minor or clerical errors. The Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary.

10.1 Evaluation Factors The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: 1. Technical Acceptability - Technical information, to include the quoter’s technical capability to perform the requested services, will be evaluated to determine if the quoter understands the requirement and has the expertise required to successfully complete the work as described. 2. Past Performance - Past performance information will be evaluated to determine the quoter’s ability to perform the contract successfully and degree of performance risk associated with a quoter. MARAD will use its discretion to determine the sources of past performance information, and the information may be obtained from references provided, MARAD’s knowledge of contractor performance, other government agencies or commercial entities, or past performance databases. 3. Price - Total evaluated price will be the sum of quotations for all contract line items, including optional items.

10.2 Difference Between Experience and Past Performance Experience is the “type of work” the quoter has performed whereas past performance examines “how well” the quoter has performed as indicative as to how well the quoter will perform on this procurement. For the purpose of evaluating experience/past performance, relevant is defined as a project of similar or greater size, scope, and complexity to the requirements of the SOW. A quoter with no relevant past performance for work completed within the past three (3) years will be evaluated with neither a favorable nor unfavorable rating. However, a quoter without a history of relevant experience for work completed within the past three (3) years will receive an “Unacceptable” rating for the Technical Acceptability factor.

10.2 Adjectival Rating Definitions The following ratings definitions will be utilized in the evaluation of the non-price evaluation factors: Technical Acceptability Rating Definition Acceptable (A) All of the minimum acceptable criteria are clearly met by the quotation. The quotation meets the performance and technical capability requirements defined in the SOW and solicitation. Unacceptable (U) Not all of the minimum acceptable criteria are met by the quotation. An unacceptable quotation contains one or more deficiencies. Quotation fails to meet specified minimum performance and technical capability requirements defined in the SOW and solicitation. Past Performance Rating Definition Acceptable (A) Quoter’s relevant past performance record provides essentially no doubt that the quoter will successfully perform the required effort. The quoter has received satisfactory or better reviews regarding past performance. The quoter demonstrates from past performance examples an ability to provide services that were of satisfactory or better quality on a timely basis with little to no risk of unacceptable performance. Unacceptable (U) Quoter’s relevant past performance record provides essentially substantial doubt that the quoter will successfully perform the required effort. The quoter has received unsatisfactory reviews regarding past performance. The quoter demonstrates from past performance examples an inability to provide services that were of satisfactory quality on a timely basis with high risk of unacceptable performance. Neutral (N) A quoter without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available; the quoter may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably. In this case, the Government will provide a “Neutral” rating. The government may, if requested within 3 days after the notification of contract award (i.e., posting to sam.gov), provide a brief explanation of the award decision to unsuccessful quoters. The brief explanation may include the following information: The number of quotations received; The name of each quoter receiving an award; The total order price; and In general terms, the reason the quoter’s quotation was not selected, unless the price information shared readily reveals the reason. Evaluation Method: Only the lowest priced offer will be evaluated for Technical Acceptability. Should the lowest priced offer not receive an acceptable technical and neutral or acceptable past performance rating, the process will continue in order of lowest priced offer until the lowest priced, technically acceptable offer is identified. ATTACHMENTS: Statement of Work E-Invoicing Instructions

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jon T. Meagher, Primary Contracting Officer
  - Email: jon.meagher@dot.gov
  - Phone: 4157404539

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0faee75018d649fba467664ffbe58038/view)