---
layout: default
title: F35 JSF Tools
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 6c552f91f6cd4c2b89de9fb1f6572955
---

# F35 JSF Tools

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-01 10:46:39.735-04
- Solicitation Number: N68335-26-RFI-1106

## Summary

THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes - it does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFP in the future. This is a sources sought market survey. This request for information does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. Further, the Government is not seeking proposals at this time and will not accept unsolicited proposals. There is no RFP available at this time. Any information submitted by respondents to this RFI is strictly voluntary. Responders are advised that the United States Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this RFI; all costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the interested party's expense. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future RFP, if any is issued. If a RFP is released, it will be synopsized on the beta.SAM.gov website. It is the responsibility of the potential offerors to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this requirement. The NAWCAD Lakehurst Prototype Manufacturing, and Test Department (PMTD) has a requirement for various F35 JSF tool groupings. See Attachment 01 for a list of required tooling. RESPONSES Please answer the following questions/provide the following feedback in your response to this RFI: Please identify your company's small business size standard based on the primary NAICS code of 332216. The small business size standard for this NAICS code is 750 employees. For more information refer to http://www.sba.gov/content/table-smallbusiness- size-standards. Please identify, if your business is categorized as a small business by the SBA, or any of the following subcategories: Small Business (SB) Concern, 8(a), Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB), Woman-Owned Small Business, Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone), Veteran-Owned Small Business, or a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business. Under the current SB recertification regulations, do you anticipate your company remaining a small business, under the primary NAICS code? If you are a SB please answer questions 2a & b. (a) What percentage of this requirement do you plan to perform in house (not sub-contract out)? Also indicate (with supporting rationale) if/how your company would be compliant given the restrictions identified in the Defense Authorization Bill 2013, which states that at least 50 percent of the total contract cost will be performed by the small business prime contractor or small business similar situated entities. (b) If you are a small business, does your company have adequate resources, financial or otherwise, to perform the requirement? Please provide any other pertinent information. Additional Information The government is seeking industry input to assist in identifying components that might meet the requirements listed above. Please note that the government will NOT be responsible for any costs incurred by interested parties responding to this RFI. THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION ONLY. This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. In accordance with (IAW) FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. In Response to this RFI, respondents shall submit written responses, not to exceed ten pages in length via electronic mail. Respondents should include product specifications with submission and proof of certifications. Product specifications, sketches, or listings of authorized distributors do not count as part of the page count. The government is interested in receiving vendors price list for items they believe meet the need in this RFI. Supplying price data does not imply contractual obligation and must be provided as a separate document, marked PRICE DATA. The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this request or to otherwise pay for the information solicited. All information received in response to this RFI shall be safeguarded adequately from unauthorized disclosure IAW FAR 15.207, Handling Proposals and Information. The Government utilizes Contractor Support Staff (CSS) for assisting in all aspects of its acquisition process, and each of these individuals does have signed non-disclosure statements on file as condition of their employment. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked PROPRIETARY will be handled accordingly. The Government will not be liable for or suffer any consequential damages for any proprietary information not properly identified. Proprietary information will be safeguarded IAW the applicable Government regulations. Responses to this RFI may not be returned. Respondents may not be notified of the result of the review. Failure to respond to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future product solicitation that may be issued. Information provided in no way binds the Government to solicit or award a contract. It is the potential vendor’s responsibility to monitor the site for the release of any follow-on information. HOW TO RESPOND Interested parties shall respond within five (5) days after release of the RFI with product information that meets all or a subset of the aforementioned attributes. Please submit your responses to this RFI (not exceeding ten pages) via email eric.m.daly6.civ@us.navy.mil. All information submitted should support the offeror's capability to provide the items required and shall be furnished at no cost or obligation to the Government. Responses must be in writing and must provide clear and concise documentation indicating an offeror's bona fide capability to provide these items and sent to eric.m.daly6.civ@us.navy.mil. Verbal responses are not acceptable and will not be considered.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Eric Daly
  - Email: eric.m.daly6.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2405729995

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for a list of required tooling. RESPONSES Please answer the following questions/provide the following feedback in your response to this RFI: Please identify your company"s small business size standard based on the primary NAICS code of 332216. The small business size standard for this NAICS code is 750 employees. For more information refer to http://www.sba.gov/content/table-smallbusiness- size-standards. Please identify, if your business is categorized as a small business by the SBA, or any of the following subcategories: Small Business (SB) Concern, 8(a), Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB), Woman-Owned Small Business, Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone), Veteran-Owned Small Business, or a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business. Under the current SB recertification regulations, do you anticipate your company remaining a small business, under the primary NAICS code? If you are a SB please answer questions 2a & b. (a) What percentage of this requirement do you plan to perform in house (not sub-contract out)? Also indicate (with supporting rationale) if/how your company would be compliant given the restrictions identified in the Defense Authorization Bill 2013, which states that at least 50 percent of the total contract cost will be performed by the small business prime contractor or small business similar situated entities. (b) If you are a small business, does your company have adequate resources, financial or otherwise, to perform the requirement? Please provide any other pertinent information. Additional Information The government is seeking industry input to assist in identifying components that might meet the requirements listed above. Please note that the government will NOT be responsible for any costs incurred by interested parties responding to this RFI. THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION ONLY. This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. In accordance with (IAW) FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. In Response to this RFI, respondents shall submit written responses, not to exceed ten pages in length via electronic mail. Respondents should include product specifications with submission and proof of certifications. Product specifications, sketches, or listings of authorized distributors do not count as part of the page count. The government is interested in receiving vendors price list for items they believe meet the need in this RFI. Supplying price data does not imply contractual obligation and must be provided as a separate document, marked PRICE DATA. The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this request or to otherwise pay for the information solicited. All information received in response to this RFI shall be safeguarded adequately from unauthorized disclosure IAW FAR 15.207, Handling Proposals and Information. The Government utilizes Contractor Support Staff (CSS) for assisting in all aspects of its acquisition process, and each of these individuals does have signed non-disclosure statements on file as condition of their employment. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked PROPRIETARY will be handled accordingly. The Government will not be liable for or suffer any consequential damages for any proprietary information not properly identified. Proprietary information will be safeguarded IAW the applicable Government regulations. Responses to this RFI may not be returned. Respondents may not be notified of the result of the review. Failure to respond to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future product solicitation that may be issued. Information provided in no way binds the Government to solicit or award a contract. It is the potential vendor’s responsibility to monitor the site for the release of any follow-on information. HOW TO RESPOND Interested parties shall respond within five (5) days after release of the RFI with product information that meets all or a subset of the aforementioned attributes. Please submit your responses to this RFI (not exceeding ten pages) via email eric.m.daly6.civ@us.navy.mil. All information submitted should support the offeror"s capability to provide the items required and shall be furnished at no cost or obligation to the Government. Responses must be in writing and must provide clear and concise documentation indicating an offeror"s bona fide capability to provide these items and sent to eric.m.daly6.civ@us.navy.mil. Verbal responses are not acceptable and will not be considered

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6c552f91f6cd4c2b89de9fb1f6572955/view)