---
layout: default
title: FCI Marion - Replace Summer Boiler #2
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: ad67ff2b2f944efea638f76d48466326
---

# FCI Marion - Replace Summer Boiler #2

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 09:52:21.725-04
- Solicitation Number: 15BBNF26Q00000051

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with FAR part 12 in conjunction with FAR Part 36. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Quotations are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This acquisition IS set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. Solicitation number 15BBNF26Q00000051 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ), for: The Federal Bureau of Prisons, Field Acquisition Office, intends to issue a solicitation for the following requirement: FCI Marion intends to make a single award to a responsible entity that will provide all necessary equipment, labor, materials, and incidentals necessary to remove the existing 4,800 MBTU summer boiler and install a new 7,500 MBTU watertube boiler system, in accordance with the project specifications and all applicable codes. The work includes complete removal and disposal of the existing boiler, including disconnection and removal of associated steam piping, feedwater piping, blowdown piping, safety valve vent, electrical connections, and a section of the existing stack. The contractor shall supply, deliver, and install a new Cleaver Brooks M5?700?7500?150St (or equivalent) natural?gas?fired watertube boiler with 7,500 MBTU input / 6,000 MBTU output capacity, 0.95" tube wall thickness, and 100 psig operating pressure. Installation includes all required piping, valves, gauges, regulators, safety devices, low?water cutoff, stack components, gas train modifications, feedwater connections, and electrical reconnections. The contractor shall install new steam spool pieces, a non?return valve, a 4" stop valve, and tie?in to the existing steam distribution system. Work also includes installation and testing of the HAWK actuator system, commissioning, boil?out procedures, operational testing, and verification of all safety and control functions. All work must be completed without altering existing walls or doors and must comply with all Federal, State, and local codes, including IBC, IMC, NEC, NFPA, OSHA, ACA Standards, and BOP Technical Design Guidelines. Upon completion, the contractor shall provide all service manuals, troubleshooting manuals, and operator training to institution staff. See the Specifications attachment included with the solicitation posting for the complete requirements of the work. The performance period for the project will be 60 Calendar Days from issuance of the notice to proceed. The NAICS code for this requirement is 238220 Plumbing, Heating, and Air Conditioning Contractors with a corresponding small business size standard of $19 million. The solicitation will be distributed solely through the Contract Opportunity website at https://www.sam.gov. Hard copies of the solicitation will not be made available. The website provides download instructions. The "Sensitive /Secure package Upload" option will be selected for this procurement. All secure/locked documents uploaded, to include the solicitation, will require an active SAM vendor registration to obtain access. In addition, only those vendors who have been issued a valid Marketing Partner Identification Number (MPIN) from www.sam.gov will be granted access. If your firm does not have the NAICS code listed in www.sam.gov required for this solicitation, an email may be forwarded to your firm requesting an explanation as to why your firm should be granted access. If you encounter problems accessing these documents, please contact the Federal Service Desk at 866-606-8220. All future information about this solicitation, including any amendments, will also be distributed solely through this website. Interested parties are responsible for continuously monitoring this website to ensure that they have the most recent information about this proposed contract action. IMPORTANT: Any contractor interested in obtaining a contract award with the Federal Bureau of Prisons must be registered in https://www.sam.gov. In order to qualify for award, your business size metrics information entered in your www.sam.gov SAM registration must be less than or equal to the size standard specified above. Each offeror's www.sam.gov registration will be reviewed by the Government to confirm that your business size meets the small business size standard requirement. All bidders are urged to double check their www.sam.gov registration and update as necessary, including the size metrics information. This is a 100 percent small business set-aside. You must be registered in www.sam.gov as a small business for the applicable NAICS code (see FAR provision 52.219-1 in the Representations & Certifications section of your www.sam.gov registration). Quotation Deadline: The anticipated closing date for receipt of quotations is May 8, 2026, at 12:00 pm Central Time. Payment Terms: Payment will be processed via Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) in accordance with 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer- System for Award Management Additional Requirements: Offerors must include a specification sheet and any submittal information about the products offered in their quotation. Faxed and hand-delivered quotes will not be accepted. Site Visit: A site visit will be held at FCI Marion to allow interested vendors the opportunity to examine existing conditions and the work area. Attendance is encouraged but not mandatory. Vendors wishing to attend must submit NCIC background check forms for all proposed attendees by the deadline stated in the solicitation. Only individuals who have received prior approval will be permitted to enter the facility. Specific instructions regarding the date, time, meeting location, required identification, and security procedures will be provided in the solicitation. Questions will not be answered during the site visit; all questions must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Officer in accordance with the solicitation instructions. Solicitation Post Date: estimated Monday, April 13, 2026 NCIC forms due: Monday, April 20, by 9am CDT - email to mmcnealy@bop.gov Site Visit: Wednesday, April 22, 2026 at 9am CDT Questions Due: Friday, April 24, 2026 by 11am CDT Offer Due Date: Friday, May 8, 2026 at 12:00pm CDT Any questions regarding the solicitation may be submitted in writing via email to lbonner@bop.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Luke Bonner
  - Email: lbonner@bop.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: with the solicitation posting for the complete requirements of the work. The performance period for the project will be 60 Calendar Days from issuance of the notice to proceed. The NAICS code for this requirement is 238220 Plumbing, Heating, and Air Conditioning Contractors with a corresponding small business size standard of $19 million. The solicitation will be distributed solely through the Contract Opportunity website at https://www.sam.gov. Hard copies of the solicitation will not be made available. The website provides download instructions. The "Sensitive /Secure package Upload" option will be selected for this procurement. All secure/locked documents uploaded, to include the solicitation, will require an active SAM vendor registration to obtain access. In addition, only those vendors who have been issued a valid Marketing Partner Identification Number (MPIN) from www.sam.gov will be granted access. If your firm does not have the NAICS code listed in www.sam.gov required for this solicitation, an email may be forwarded to your firm requesting an explanation as to why your firm should be granted access. If you encounter problems accessing these documents, please contact the Federal Service Desk at 866-606-8220. All future information about this solicitation, including any amendments, will also be distributed solely through this website. Interested parties are responsible for continuously monitoring this website to ensure that they have the most recent information about this proposed contract action. IMPORTANT: Any contractor interested in obtaining a contract award with the Federal Bureau of Prisons must be registered in https://www.sam.gov. In order to qualify for award, your business size metrics information entered in your www.sam.gov SAM registration must be less than or equal to the size standard specified above. Each offeror"s www.sam.gov registration will be reviewed by the Government to confirm that your business size meets the small business size standard requirement. All bidders are urged to double check their www.sam.gov registration and update as necessary, including the size metrics information. This is a 100 percent small business set-aside. You must be registered in www.sam.gov as a small business for the applicable NAICS code (see FAR provision 52.219-1 in the Representations & Certifications section of your www.sam.gov registration). Quotation Deadline: The anticipated closing date for receipt of quotations is May 8, 2026, at 12:00 pm Central Time. Payment Terms: Payment will be processed via Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) in accordance with 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer- System for Award Management Additional Requirements: Offerors must include a specification sheet and any submittal information about the products offered in their quotation. Faxed and hand-delivered quotes will not be accepted. Site Visit: A site visit will be held at FCI Marion to allow interested vendors the opportunity to examine existing conditions and the work area. Attendance is encouraged but not mandatory. Vendors wishing to attend must submit NCIC background check forms for all proposed attendees by the deadline stated in the solicitation. Only individuals who have received prior approval will be permitted to enter the facility. Specific instructions regarding the date, time, meeting location, required identification, and security procedures will be provided in the solicitation. Questions will not be answered during the site visit; all questions must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Officer in accordance with the solicitation instructions. Solicitation Post Date: estimated Monday, April 13, 2026 NCIC forms due: Monday, April 20, by 9am CDT - email to mmcnealy@bop.gov Site Visit: Wednesday, April 22, 2026 at 9am CDT Questions Due: Friday, April 24, 2026 by 11am CDT Offer Due Date: Friday, May 8, 2026 at 12:00pm CDT Any questions regarding the solicitation may be submitted in writing via email to lbonner@bop.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ad67ff2b2f944efea638f76d48466326/view)