---
layout: default
title: Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Denver Logistics Service Audio Visual System Service Requirement
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: de23714ae3554489863296c995685bbf
---

# Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Denver Logistics Service Audio Visual System Service Requirement

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 09:51:26.088-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C79126AP0079

## Summary

Synopses of Proposed Contract Actions No exceptions to the requirement to synopsize proposed contract actions listed at FAR 5.202 applied to this acquisition. Pursuant to the requirements as set forth at FAR 5.101(a)(1), this presolicitation notice is hereby posted on the Government Point of Entry website (e.g., accessed via the Internet at https://www.sam.gov) to disseminate information to industry participants for the Department of Veterans Affairs' (VA's) proposed contract action for the procurement of contractor supported services for the support and maintenance of the Audio Visual System currently installed at the VA's Denver Logistics Services facility located in Golden, Colorado. The Government estimates the Total Contract Value of this procurement to exceed $25,000.00. DESCRIPTION OF ACQUISITION, PROJECT, PROGRAM, OR SYSTEM The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), National Acquisition Center's (NAC’s), Denver Logistics Service (DLS); formerly known as the Denver Logistics Center, has a bona fide need for Contractor provided commercial services to maintain the AV systems currently installed at the Denver Logistics Services (DLS) facility. The VA has no in-house AV technical resources to provide the type of services included in this requirement to sustain the normal operations and provide the long-term support the DLS AV system. The DLS requires a fully functional AV system to support the critical operations, training, and enterprise-wide collaboration activities conducted at this facility. Additionally, the DLS AV system’s programing and configuration is currently not compatible with the VA’s OIT network, the DLS facility requires a properly functioning AV system that is enabled for VA centralized system management. This requirement includes Contractor provided support in the migration of the DLS AV system onto the VA OIT network, performance of routine preventive maintenance actions, testing, and inspection to ensure sustained full functionality and operation as designed, and the performance of the full spectrum of system-wide troubleshooting and corrective maintenance actions to ensure the timely restoration of the DLS AV system following system failures or other system operational anomalies to include the procurement of repair parts and replacement equipment as needed. These Contractor supported services are essential to ensure the DLS AV systems remains operational, secure, and fully manageable by VA System Administrators, thereby supporting the critical enterprise-wide mission functions performed at the DLS facility. Statement of Need Pursuant to the policy requirements as set forth at FAR 11.103(c)(1-2), VAAR Part 811, and VAAM M801.106, the VA’s DLS has a bona fide need for Contractor provided commercial services to maintain the AV systems currently installed at the Denver Logistics Services (DLS) facility. The DLS requires a fully functional AV system to support the critical operations, training, and enterprise-wide collaboration activities conducted at this facility. Additionally, the DLS AV system’s programing and configuration is currently not compatible with the VA’s OIT network, the DLS facility requires a properly functioning AV system that is enabled for VA centralized system management. This requirement includes Contractor provided support in the migration of the DLS AV system onto the VA OIT network, performance of routine preventive maintenance actions, testing, and inspection to ensure sustained full functionality and operation as designed, and the performance of the full spectrum of system-wide troubleshooting and corrective maintenance actions to ensure the timely restoration of the DLS AV system following system failures or other system operational anomalies to include the procurement of repair parts and replacement equipment as needed. These Contractor supported services are essential to ensure the DLS AV systems remains operational, secure, and fully manageable by VA System Administrators, thereby supporting the critical enterprise-wide mission functions performed at the DLS facility. Contractual History This is a follow-on procurement effort from VA contract number 36S79122P0014, this contract procured and installed the AV equipment, provided the programming and configured the systems to be maintained and serviced in this new requirement. A contract is not currently in place to fulfill this service requirement, the past procurement cycles for this requirement have been fulfilled through the utilization of Golden, Colorado local Vendor supported services, which were purchased on a transactional basis, utilizing tactical sourcing or spot-buying on an as needed basis characterized by rapid, isolated, or short-term procurement decisions with a Government Purchase Card (GPC). The scope of this service requirement now exceeds the GPC utilization monetary threshold, and a new procurement vehicle is required to fulfill the long-term needs of this requirement. Commerciality Determination The types of services included in this requirement are readily available services offered in the commercial marketplace, these services are widely sold for applications other than the Government’s needs. All the various types of services in this requirement fit the definition of commercial services as set forth at Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 2.101. North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS Code) The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 334310 - Audio and Video Equipment Manufacturing. The business size of NAICS Code 334310 (Audio and Video Equipment Manufacturing) is defined by the Small Business Administration (SBA) as having up to 750 employees. This size standard is based on the average number of full-time or part-time employees over the last 24 months. Product Service Code (PSC) The applicable Product Service Code (PSC) is 5836 - Video Recording and Reproducing Equipment, this PSC ensures consistent classification for federal contracting involving video capture and playback gear linked to communications systems. Procurement Method In accordance with FAR Part 10 and Veterans Affairs Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) Part 810 the on-going Market Research efforts shall identify if this procurement is suitable for a small business set aside and that determination will follow the policies, procedures, and requirements as set forth at VAAR?819.7005 - Veterans First contracting order of priority: SDVOSB, VOSB, 8(a)/HUBZone, then other small?business set?asides, with deference to WOSB priorities per the requirements as set forth at Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR)?19.203. In accordance with VA’s Rule of Two, all requirements shall be set aside if: Two or more verified SDVOSBs/VOSBs can perform, and The Contracting Officer (CO) concludes the contract award can be made at a fair and reasonable price. The purpose of the VA’s Rule of Two is to prioritize veteran-owned small businesses in VA contracting, while maintaining adequate competition levels and ensuring price reasonableness. Pursuant to the procurement restrictions and policies as set forth at FAR 19.502-2(a) and FAR 19.203(b), the Government has estimated the acquisition of the services in this requirement to have an anticipated dollar value above the micro-purchase threshold (e.g., $15,000.00, see FAR 2.101), but at or below the simplified acquisition threshold (e.g., $350,000.00, see FAR 2.101) and therefor this procurement shall be set aside in full or in part for small business concerns. Competition Strategy Based on the results of the Market Research efforts, the Contracting Officer has a reasonable expectation that two (2) or more SDVOSB concerns will submit offers and that award can be made at a fair market price to the Government. Therefore, it is anticipated that this requirement will be set aside specifically for veteran-owned small businesses (VOSBs) or service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses (SDVOSBs) under the VA’s “Rule of Two.” Pursuant to the policies, guidance, and instructions as set forth at VAAR 806.2 - Full and Open Competition After Exclusion of Sources shall be utilized. The Government anticipates a scenario where this procurement will be limited to only eligible small business concerns (e.g., SDVOSBs, VOSBs). Full and Open Competition After Exclusion of Sources is still regarded as a full and open competition level because competition occurs among all eligible firms (e.g., SDVOSBs, VOSBs) after excluding all ineligible sources. The Government intends to invite all qualified sources to compete for consideration of award except for those sources that are statutorily excluded from consideration for award. This exclusion is not deemed restrictive competition, but rather a targeted, preference-based competition that preserves competitive integrity. Since all eligible sources are afforded a fair, equal opportunity to compete, the competitive process is intact—just scoped within the prioritization framework mandated by statute and VA policy. Contract Type The use of a Firm?Fixed?Price (FFP) contract type is required for the procurement of commercial services per FAR?12.207(a); no exception under FAR 12.207(b) applies to this procurement effort. FFP is appropriate where effort/risk are predictable and it places cost control responsibility on the Contractor. Indefinite-Delivery / Indefinite-Quantity (IDIQ) Contract Terms and Conditions are applicable to this acquisition. The Government will award a single Indefinite?Delivery/Indefinite?Quantity (IDIQ) contract with Firm?Fixed?Price (FFP) purchase orders to acquire the services described in this PWS. An IDIQ is appropriate because the exact quantities, timing, and distribution of tasks cannot be precisely determined at award, yet recurring needs are anticipated over a defined ordering period. FAR Subpart 16.5 authorizes IDIQ use when times and/or quantities of future service deliveries are unknown, and FAR 16.504 prescribes the structure of IDIQ contracts (e.g., period of performance, minimum/maximum order quantities, and ordering procedures) that will be included in the solicitation and contract. Solicitation Method Per the authority listed at FAR 6.203(a) and specifically FAR 19.1405(b), the Contracting Officer anticipates limiting this acquisition exclusively for participation by SDVOSB concerns. Utilizing the policies and procedures as set forth at FAR 12.603 and FAR 13.104(b), a combined synopsis and solicitation procedure will be utilized to solicit competitive proposals through direct outreach by electronic mail message (email) to the SDVOSB concerns identified in the market research effort. IAW FAR 12.603(c)(ii) and FAR 13.104(b), the solicitation shall be issued as a Letter Request for Proposal (RFP) in the form of a combined synopsis and solicitation and delivered by email. Evaluation Process The Government may award a resulting contract against the solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous offer to the Government, price and technical acceptability factors considered. The Government reserves its unilateral right not to award a contract against the solicitation or to not make an award including any designated Contract Line Item Numbers (CLIN) included within the solicitation. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Technical Capability; and Price. Note: Technical Capability is significantly less important than the overall total price of the offer. The Government will evaluate all offers by adding the calculated total price of the base year period of performance for all Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINs), including all four (4) option year periods of performance. The Total Evaluated Price of the offer shall be that sum. Only the offer with the lowest evaluated price will be submitted for a Technical Evaluation. If the proposal of the lowest priced offer is not determined to be Technically Acceptable then the proposal of the next lowest priced offer will be submitted for a Technical Evaluation. This procedure will continue until the technically acceptable proposal with the lowest evaluated priced offer is identified for consideration for award. The Technical Capability Statement of the offer with the lowest evaluated price will be submitted for a Technical Evaluation shall be evaluated by Government personnel. The technical evaluation process will consider whether the Technical Capability Statement of the Offeror demonstrates a clear understanding of the technical features involved in meeting the solicitation requirements and whether the Offeror’s stated capability of satisfying the requirements of the Performance Work Statement (PWS) is adequate outlined. The Offeror shall provide sufficient information to demonstrate its understanding of the requirements, providing a concise, detailed, and thorough discussion of its technical capability, ability, and willingness to successfully provide the services as stated in the PWS. All documentation submitted within the proposal shall receive an aggregate rating of Technically Acceptable or Technically Unacceptable in comparison to the minimum technical requirements as set forth in the solicitation as follows: 1. Basis of an Acceptable Rating: The proposal meets the minimum technical requirements of the PWS. 2. Basis of an Unacceptable Rating: The proposal does not meet the minimum technical requirements of the PWS. Source Selection Process The source selection policies as set forth at FAR 15.101-2, Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) source selection procedures shall be utilized to determine the successful Offeror following the Proposal Evaluation process outcomes. In accordance with the source selection procedures as set forth at FAR 15.101-2(a), award will be made to the lowest priced offer meeting the acceptability of the non-price factor (e.g., Technical Capability). To receive consideration for award, a rating of Acceptable must be achieved for the non-price factor of Technical Capability. The Government will evaluate all offers for the Price Factor first, by adding the total prices of all Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINs) prices, including all option PoPs. The Total Evaluated Price will be that sum. The Government will evaluate the Total Evaluated Price of the apparent Successful Offeror to determine whether the Total Evaluated Price is considered to be a fair and reasonable price to the Government and a price the Government is willing to pay for the delivery of the services of this requirement. The LPTA source selection process is appropriate when the best value to the Government is expected to result from the selection of the technically acceptable offer with the lowest overall evaluated price. Trade-Offs No proposal trade-offs between cost, performance, and schedule are permitted in the evaluation of proposals for this procurement IAW FAR 15.101-2, Lowest Price, Technically Acceptable (LPTA) source selection procedures. The lowest price technically acceptable source selection process is appropriate for the procurement of commercial services when the best value to the Government is expected to result from the selection of the technically acceptable proposal with the lowest evaluated price. Exchanges and Discussions with Offerors While the Government reserves the right to engage in exchanges with all Offerors, if necessary, it anticipates selecting the best-suited (i.e., the apparent successful Offeror) based on the evaluation of initial proposals submitted in response to this solicitation, without engaging in exchanges with Offerors. As such, Offerors are encouraged to submit their best price at initial proposal submission. The Government intends to make award without establishing a competitive range and holding discussions. However, once the Government determines the Offeror that is best-suited to fulfill this requirement, the Government reserves the right to communicate with only that Offeror to address remaining issues, if necessary, to finalize an award with that Offeror. These issues may include technical, past performance, and price. If the parties to the resultant contract to be awarded against this solicitation cannot successfully address any remaining issues, as determined pertinent according to the sole discretion of the Government, the Government reserves the right to communicate with the next best-suited Offeror based on the analysis of all the original proposals received in response to this solicitation. Responsive Proposals The Government defines a responsive proposal as one that conforms in all material respects to the requirements set forth in the solicitation. The Government’s defining of a responsive proposal is crucial for maintaining the integrity of the fair opportunity competition level requirements and ensuring that all Offerors stand on an equal footing during the proposal evaluation process and the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) source selection process. Non-responsive proposals received in response to this solicitation shall be rejected by the Government without further consideration for award, regardless of price or technical merit. Proposal Content Requirements Offerors shall submit proposals IAW with the Instructions to Offerors as set forth within the Addendum to FAR Provision 52.212-1 incorporated within the solicitation. Failure to submit complete information in the manner described in the solicitation shall be considered by the Government as a “nonresponsive” proposal to the solicitation and shall be rejected at receipt and excluded from further consideration for award, regardless of price or technical merit. The following items shall be included in a responsive proposal submission: 1. Technical Capability Statement; 2. Attachment 0002 - Price Matrix; 3. Attachment 0003 – FAR Provision 52.212-3, Offeror Reps and Certs - Commercial Products and Commercial Services; and 4. Attachment 0004 - VAAR Clause 852.219-75, VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate. Scope of Work The Contractor shall deliver contract performance inclusive of the following actions: Assist VA System Administrators in the migration of the AV system onto the VA OIT network, enabling centralized VA management. The underlying AV system programming frameworks itself was developed using manufacturer-standard platforms such as Crestron, QSC, and Shure. Perform the full spectrum of preventive maintenance actions to include semiannual system-wide testing and inspections on the AV system and supporting infrastructure. Perform troubleshooting and corrective maintenance actions (remote access or onsite as directed by the Government) on the AV systems and supporting infrastructure on an as needed/on-call basis in the event of a system failure or the occurrence other types of operation anomalies to facilitate the timely restoration of the DLS AV system operations following system failures or other system operational anomalies. Delivery of services shall be in accordance with the established response timeframes. Provide the procurement of repair parts and replacement equipment to include the installation and testing as needed to facilitate the timely restoration of the DLS AV system operations following system failures or other system operational anomalies. The Contractor shall submit price quotes for repair parts, replacement equipment, and expedited shipping service costs (if available) to the Government POCs prior to the performance of non?routine work and prior to incurring any reimbursable expenses. Coordinate the scheduling of the delivery of all services with the Government POCs (VA’s IT System Administrators) for facility access windows. Produce and submit the following reports to the Government POCs (VA’s IT System Administrators) within the required response timeframes: a. AV System Migration Plan Report; b. Semiannual Testing, Inspection, and Preventative Maintenance Report; c. Routine/Emergency Issues Response Report; d. Repair Parts / Replacement Equipment Installation and Testing Report; and e. Quarterly Invoice Report. Minimum Technical Requirements The Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) Naming Conventions are as follows, the first digit in the “CLIN” column represents the period of performance (PoP) base year = 0, option year one = 1, option year two = 2, option year three = 3, and option year four = 4. The “X” in the first digit on the CLIN column represents the solicitation CLIN designation (e.g., the Pre-Award indicator utilized by the Government to represent all the PoPs of a CLIN). The last three digits in the “CLIN” column is the scheduled item description / designation number. The Contractor shall deliver contract performance inclusive of the following actions: Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) X001: The Successful Offeror shall assist VA System Administrators in the migration of the AV system onto the VA OIT network, enabling centralized VA management. The underlying AV system programming frameworks itself was developed using manufacturer-standard platforms such as Crestron, QSC, and Shure. While these programming platforms and frameworks follow industry-standard frameworks, the specific implementation and system configuration reflects WingMann’s internal development methods and field experience. The scheduling of the delivery of services shall be coordinated with VA IT System Administrators for facility access windows. CLIN X001 - AV System Migration is incorporate in the Base Year period of performance only. Delivery of services against CLIN X001 are a critical objective of this requirement and all tasks associated with this CLIN shall be successfully performed in full prior to the expiration date of the Base Year period of performance or as soon as practicable following award. CLIN X001 shall not be incorporated into the exercising of any subsequent option year periods of performance. The scheduling of the delivery of services shall be coordinated with VA System Administrators for facility access windows. The contract Deliverable for CLIN X001 is the Contractor submitted AV System Migration and Configuration Report, which the Contractor shall produce and submit to the designated Government POCs (e.g., VA IT System Administrators) within 30-days of contract award. Contractor preparation and submission of these reports are not separately billable to the Government and shall be produced at the Contractor’s own expense. Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) X002: The Successful Offeror shall perform Semiannual AV System Testing and Inspections (Inclusive of Preventative Maintenance Actions). The delivery of services against CLIN X002 shall be performed on a semiannual basis (e.g., ~180 days apart). The desired outcomes of contract performance is the verification of the AV system’s operation and demonstration of full functionality to include the performance of all Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) recommended preventive maintenance actions. The scheduling of the delivery of services shall be coordinated with VA’s IT System Administrators for facility access windows. The semiannual testing and inspections shall be performed within 30-days of contract award and shall be performed every 180-days +/- 10-days thereafter (e.g., two (2) tests and inspections of the AV systems shall be performed during every period of performance). The scheduling of the delivery of services shall be coordinated with VA System Administrators for facility access windows. The contract Deliverable for CLIN X002 is the submission of an email report addressed to the designated Government POCs (e.g., IT VA System Administrators), to be delivered within 5-days +/- 1-day of the delivery of the services. The subject line of the email shall read “Semiannual Testing and Inspection Report.” The body of the email shall contain a detailed narrative of the performed testing, inspections, and preventative maintenance actions results and provide a detailed account of the Contractor’s observations and analysis of the AV system’s operation and functionality to include the electronic submission of any relevant documentation to be submitted with the report as separately attached documents to the email message. Contractor preparation and submission of these reports are not separately billable to the Government and shall be produced at the Contractor’s own expense. Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) X003: As directed by the VA System Administrators, the Successful Offeror shall perform remote access/on-site delivery of services for the troubleshooting of routine AV system operational anomalies, emergency troubleshooting of AV system failures, and perform the full spectrum of corrective maintenance actions to restore the AV system to designed operation and full functionality. The desired outcome of performance delivered against CLIN X003 is the timely restoration of the AV system to designed operation and full functionality. Government Requests For Services shall be issued in the following circumstances: 1. Routine AV System Operation Anomalies; or 2. Emergency AV System Failure. The Contractor’s delivery of services as a remote service or as an on-site delivery of services shall be at the sole direction of the Government POCs (VA System Administrators). The Contractor is contractually obligated to meet or exceed the response times enumerated in the PWS to Government Requests For Services (e.g., within 6-hours for emergency response; within 24-hours routine response). The scheduling of the delivery of services shall be coordinated with VA System Administrators for facility access windows. The contract Deliverable for CLIN X003 is the submission of an email report addressed to the designated Government POCs (e.g., IT VA System Administrators), to be submitted within +/- 24-hours of the date of the delivery of services. The subject line of the email shall read “Emergency/Routine Issue Response Report.” The body of the email shall contain a detailed accounting of all corrective maintenance actions taken to restore/repair the intrusion alarm system to designed operations and full functionality, a detailed account of the Contractor’s troubleshooting actions and results of the root cause analysis identifying the source of the trouble negatively affecting the AV system’s operation and functionality. The email message shall contain the electronic submission of any relevant documentation, to be submitted as separately attached documents to the email message. Contractor preparation and submission of these reports are not separately billable to the Government and shall be produced at the Contractor’s own expense. Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) X004: The Successful Offeror shall procure repair parts and replacement equipment on an as needed basis subject to the Government’s acceptance and direction. The desired outcome of performance delivered against CLIN X004 is the timely restoration of the AV system to designed operation and full functionality. The Contractor shall: 1. Identify the correct repair parts and/or replacement equipment within +/- 24-hours of the delivery of services. 2. Install the procured repair parts and/or replacement equipment within 72-hours of receipt. 3. Perform a post-maintenance system-wide test and inspection to ensure the AV system. The contract Deliverable for performance against CLIN X004 are the submission of the following: Submission of Price Quotations: The Contractor shall submit written price quotations to the designated Government POCs (e.g., VA IT System Administrators) within +/- 24-hours of the delivery of troubleshooting services. The price quotations shall be for the total cost of the procurement of the repair part(s) or other replacement equipment in advance of the Contractor incurring any expenses. The Contractor is hereby contractual obligation to offer the Government the option to approve the increased costs of expedited material shipping and handling of repair parts and replacement equipment when such a service is available. The written quotations shall be electronically submitted as an email message with attached documents. The written price quotations shall be reviewed by the designated Government POCs (e.g., VA IT System Administrators) who shall issue a written determination of the Government’s instructions and directions issued to the Contractor through the delivery of an email message. The Contractor is contractually obligated to acknowledge the receipt of the Government’s email message within +/- 24-hours of receipt, a quick reply to the Government’s email shall satisfy this requirement. Contractor preparation and submission of these price quotations are not separately billable to the Government and shall be produced at the Contractor’s own expense. Repair Parts and Replacement Equipment Installation Report: The Contractor required deliverables are the submission of an email report to the designated Government POCs (VA System Administrators) with a Government receipt acknowledgement requested to be submitted within 72-hours +/- 24-hours of the delivery of services. The subject line of the email shall read “Repair Parts and Replacement Equipment Installation Report.” The body of the email shall contain a detailed accounting of all procurements actions of repair parts and replacement equipment to include supply sources, price quotes, shipping and handling tracking information (e.g., order placement date, date material was received, and the date the material was installed and tested). Additionally, the body of the email shall include a detailed accounting of the corrective maintenance actions, material installation, and system-wide testing actions taken to restore/repair the AV system to include the electronic submission of any relevant documentation submitted as separately attached documents to the email. Contractor preparation and submission of these reports are not separately billable to the Government and shall be produced at the Contractor’s own expense. The scheduling of the delivery of services shall be coordinated with VA System Administrators for facility access windows. Place of Performance The tasks to be performed under this PWS shall be performed on-site at the following Government facility: VA DLS Main Warehouse 555 Corporate Cir., Golden, CO 80401 The AV equipment and systems to be maintained and serviced under this requirement are located in five (5) separate locations within the DLS: Training Room; Conference Room Number 223; Conference Room Number 224; Executive Conference Room; and Main Conference Room Equipment. Periods of Performance The total period of performance (PoP) of the resultant contract shall not exceed five (5) years to include one (1) base year PoP and four (4) option year PoPs. Government Property Pursuant to the policies and procedures as set forth at FAR Part 45, Government Property, the Contractor is required to supply all personnel, equipment, vehicles, and tools necessary to deliver the services of this requirement successfully. The Government is not required to furnish the Contractor any equipment or personnel to assist in the performance of this contract. Upon request by the Contractor, should the Government agree to assist the Contractor in any way, the Government will do so at no risk and no cost to the Government. System For Award Management (SAM) Entity Registration The Contractor must have an active entity registration in the Government’s System For Award Management (SAM) at the time of submitting a proposal, which is accessed via the Internet at https://www.sam.gov. Pursuant to the policies set forth at FAR Clause 52.204-7, the Contractor shall maintain an active entity registration and routinely update self-representations and self-certifications in SAM prior to award and throughout the entire five (5) year life span of this service contract. Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: John Overstake
  - Email: john.overstake@va.gov
  - Phone: 7204972304

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Price Matrix; 3. Attachment 0003 – FAR Provision 52.212-3, Offeror Reps and Certs - Commercial Products and Commercial Services; and 4. Attachment 0004 - VAAR Clause 852.219-75, VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate. Scope of Work The Contractor shall deliver contract performance inclusive of the following actions: Assist VA System Administrators in the migration of the AV system onto the VA OIT network, enabling centralized VA management. The underlying AV system programming frameworks itself was developed using manufacturer-standard platforms such as Crestron, QSC, and Shure. Perform the full spectrum of preventive maintenance actions to include semiannual system-wide testing and inspections on the AV system and supporting infrastructure. Perform troubleshooting and corrective maintenance actions (remote access or onsite as directed by the Government) on the AV systems and supporting infrastructure on an as needed/on-call basis in the event of a system failure or the occurrence other types of operation anomalies to facilitate the timely restoration of the DLS AV system operations following system failures or other system operational anomalies. Delivery of services shall be in accordance with the established response timeframes. Provide the procurement of repair parts and replacement equipment to include the installation and testing as needed to facilitate the timely restoration of the DLS AV system operations following system failures or other system operational anomalies. The Contractor shall submit price quotes for repair parts, replacement equipment, and expedited shipping service costs (if available) to the Government POCs prior to the performance of non?routine work and prior to incurring any reimbursable expenses. Coordinate the scheduling of the delivery of all services with the Government POCs (VA’s IT System Administrators) for facility access windows. Produce and submit the following reports to the Government POCs (VA’s IT System Administrators) within the required response timeframes: a. AV System Migration Plan Report; b. Semiannual Testing, Inspection, and Preventative Maintenance Report; c. Routine/Emergency Issues Response Report; d. Repair Parts / Replacement Equipment Installation and Testing Report; and e. Quarterly Invoice Report. Minimum Technical Requirements The Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) Naming Conventions are as follows, the first digit in the “CLIN” column represents the period of performance (PoP) base year = 0, option year one = 1, option year two = 2, option year three = 3, and option year four = 4. The “X” in the first digit on the CLIN column represents the solicitation CLIN designation (e.g., the Pre-Award indicator utilized by the Government to represent all the PoPs of a CLIN). The last three digits in the “CLIN” column is the scheduled item description / designation number. The Contractor shall deliver contract performance inclusive of the following actions: Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) X001: The Successful Offeror shall assist VA System Administrators in the migration of the AV system onto the VA OIT network, enabling centralized VA management. The underlying AV system programming frameworks itself was developed using manufacturer-standard platforms such as Crestron, QSC, and Shure. While these programming platforms and frameworks follow industry-standard frameworks, the specific implementation and system configuration reflects WingMann’s internal development methods and field experience. The scheduling of the delivery of services shall be coordinated with VA IT System Administrators for facility access windows. CLIN X001 - AV System Migration is incorporate in the Base Year period of performance only. Delivery of services against CLIN X001 are a critical objective of this requirement and all tasks associated with this CLIN shall be successfully performed in full prior to the expiration date of the Base Year period of performance or as soon as practicable following award. CLIN X001 shall not be incorporated into the exercising of any subsequent option year periods of performance. The scheduling of the delivery of services shall be coordinated with VA System Administrators for facility access windows. The contract Deliverable for CLIN X001 is the Contractor submitted AV System Migration and Configuration Report, which the Contractor shall produce and submit to the designated Government POCs (e.g., VA IT System Administrators) within 30-days of contract award. Contractor preparation and submission of these reports are not separately billable to the Government and shall be produced at the Contractor’s own expense. Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) X002: The Successful Offeror shall perform Semiannual AV System Testing and Inspections (Inclusive of Preventative Maintenance Actions). The delivery of services against CLIN X002 shall be performed on a semiannual basis (e.g., ~180 days apart). The desired outcomes of contract performance is the verification of the AV system’s operation and demonstration of full functionality to include the performance of all Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) recommended preventive maintenance actions. The scheduling of the delivery of services shall be coordinated with VA’s IT System Administrators for facility access windows. The semiannual testing and inspections shall be performed within 30-days of contract award and shall be performed every 180-days +/- 10-days thereafter (e.g., two (2) tests and inspections of the AV systems shall be performed during every period of performance). The scheduling of the delivery of services shall be coordinated with VA System Administrators for facility access windows. The contract Deliverable for CLIN X002 is the submission of an email report addressed to the designated Government POCs (e.g., IT VA System Administrators), to be delivered within 5-days +/- 1-day of the delivery of the services. The subject line of the email shall read “Semiannual Testing and Inspection Report.” The body of the email shall contain a detailed narrative of the performed testing, inspections, and preventative maintenance actions results and provide a detailed account of the Contractor’s observations and analysis of the AV system’s operation and functionality to include the electronic submission of any relevant documentation to be submitted with the report as separately attached documents to the email message. Contractor preparation and submission of these reports are not separately billable to the Government and shall be produced at the Contractor’s own expense. Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) X003: As directed by the VA System Administrators, the Successful Offeror shall perform remote access/on-site delivery of services for the troubleshooting of routine AV system operational anomalies, emergency troubleshooting of AV system failures, and perform the full spectrum of corrective maintenance actions to restore the AV system to designed operation and full functionality. The desired outcome of performance delivered against CLIN X003 is the timely restoration of the AV system to designed operation and full functionality. Government Requests For Services shall be issued in the following circumstances: 1. Routine AV System Operation Anomalies; or 2. Emergency AV System Failure. The Contractor’s delivery of services as a remote service or as an on-site delivery of services shall be at the sole direction of the Government POCs (VA System Administrators). The Contractor is contractually obligated to meet or exceed the response times enumerated in the PWS to Government Requests For Services (e.g., within 6-hours for emergency response; within 24-hours routine response). The scheduling of the delivery of services shall be coordinated with VA System Administrators for facility access windows. The contract Deliverable for CLIN X003 is the submission of an email report addressed to the designated Government POCs (e.g., IT VA System Administrators), to be submitted within +/- 24-hours of the date of the delivery of services. The subject line of the email shall read “Emergency/Routine Issue Response Report.” The body of the email shall contain a detailed accounting of all corrective maintenance actions taken to restore/repair the intrusion alarm system to designed operations and full functionality, a detailed account of the Contractor’s troubleshooting actions and results of the root cause analysis identifying the source of the trouble negatively affecting the AV system’s operation and functionality. The email message shall contain the electronic submission of any relevant documentation, to be submitted as separately attached documents to the email message. Contractor preparation and submission of these reports are not separately billable to the Government and shall be produced at the Contractor’s own expense. Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) X004: The Successful Offeror shall procure repair parts and replacement equipment on an as needed basis subject to the Government’s acceptance and direction. The desired outcome of performance delivered against CLIN X004 is the timely restoration of the AV system to designed operation and full functionality. The Contractor shall: 1. Identify the correct repair parts and/or replacement equipment within +/- 24-hours of the delivery of services. 2. Install the procured repair parts and/or replacement equipment within 72-hours of receipt. 3. Perform a post-maintenance system-wide test and inspection to ensure the AV system. The contract Deliverable for performance against CLIN X004 are the submission of the following: Submission of Price Quotations: The Contractor shall submit written price quotations to the designated Government POCs (e.g., VA IT System Administrators) within +/- 24-hours of the delivery of troubleshooting services. The price quotations shall be for the total cost of the procurement of the repair part(s) or other replacement equipment in advance of the Contractor incurring any expenses. The Contractor is hereby contractual obligation to offer the Government the option to approve the increased costs of expedited material shipping and handling of repair parts and replacement equipment when such a service is available. The written quotations shall be electronically submitted as an email message with attached documents. The written price quotations shall be reviewed by the designated Government POCs (e.g., VA IT System Administrators) who shall issue a written determination of the Government’s instructions and directions issued to the Contractor through the delivery of an email message. The Contractor is contractually obligated to acknowledge the receipt of the Government’s email message within +/- 24-hours of receipt, a quick reply to the Government’s email shall satisfy this requirement. Contractor preparation and submission of these price quotations are not separately billable to the Government and shall be produced at the Contractor’s own expense. Repair Parts and Replacement Equipment Installation Report: The Contractor required deliverables are the submission of an email report to the designated Government POCs (VA System Administrators) with a Government receipt acknowledgement requested to be submitted within 72-hours +/- 24-hours of the delivery of services. The subject line of the email shall read “Repair Parts and Replacement Equipment Installation Report.” The body of the email shall contain a detailed accounting of all procurements actions of repair parts and replacement equipment to include supply sources, price quotes, shipping and handling tracking information (e.g., order placement date, date material was received, and the date the material was installed and tested). Additionally, the body of the email shall include a detailed accounting of the corrective maintenance actions, material installation, and system-wide testing actions taken to restore/repair the AV system to include the electronic submission of any relevant documentation submitted as separately attached documents to the email. Contractor preparation and submission of these reports are not separately billable to the Government and shall be produced at the Contractor’s own expense. The scheduling of the delivery of services shall be coordinated with VA System Administrators for facility access windows. Place of Performance The tasks to be performed under this PWS shall be performed on-site at the following Government facility: VA DLS Main Warehouse 555 Corporate Cir., Golden, CO 80401 The AV equipment and systems to be maintained and serviced under this requirement are located in five (5) separate locations within the DLS: Training Room; Conference Room Number 223; Conference Room Number 224; Executive Conference Room; and Main Conference Room Equipment. Periods of Performance The total period of performance (PoP) of the resultant contract shall not exceed five (5) years to include one (1) base year PoP and four (4) option year PoPs. Government Property Pursuant to the policies and procedures as set forth at FAR Part 45, Government Property, the Contractor is required to supply all personnel, equipment, vehicles, and tools necessary to deliver the services of this requirement successfully. The Government is not required to furnish the Contractor any equipment or personnel to assist in the performance of this contract. Upon request by the Contractor, should the Government agree to assist the Contractor in any way, the Government will do so at no risk and no cost to the Government. System For Award Management (SAM) Entity Registration The Contractor must have an active entity registration in the Government’s System For Award Management (SAM) at the time of submitting a proposal, which is accessed via the Internet at https://www.sam.gov. Pursuant to the policies set forth at FAR Clause 52.204-7, the Contractor shall maintain an active entity registration and routinely update self-representations and self-certifications in SAM prior to award and throughout the entire five (5) year life span of this service contract. Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/de23714ae3554489863296c995685bbf/view)