---
layout: default
title: Custodial Services in New Kensington, PA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e8bc6e2ca773493e9aff1040676c6222
---

# Custodial Services in New Kensington, PA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-13 10:36:02.393-04
- Solicitation Number: W15QKN26QA064

## Summary

INTRODUCTION In support of the U.S. Army, 99th Readiness Division, the US Army Contracting Command - New Jersey is issuing this sources sought synopsis as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support the requirement for Custodial Services. The intention is to procure these services on a competitive basis. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES (IN FULL OR IN PART) OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION, and only one award MAY be made. All Small Business Set-Aside categories will be considered. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. PLACE(S) OF PERFORMANCE •New Kensington Memorial United States Army Reserve Center BMA 105-1, 2450 Leechburg Rd, New Kensington, PA 15068-4620 DISCLAIMER “THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A “REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP)” TO BE SUBMITTED. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. RESPONSES WILL NOT BE RETURNED TO THE RESPONDER. NOT RESPONDING TO THIS NOTICE DOES NOT PRECLUDE PARTICIPATION IN ANY FUTURE REQUEST FOR QUOTE (RFQ) OR INVITATION FOR BID (IFB) OR RFP, IF ANY ISSUED. IF A SOLICITATION IS RELEASED, IT WILL BE SYNOPSIZED ON THE GOVERNMENT-WIDE POINT OF ENTRY (GPE). IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF POTENTIAL OFFERORS TO MONITOR THE GPE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PERTAINING TO THIS REQUIREMENT.” REQUIRED CAPABILITIES The Contractor shall provide custodial services in support of the U.S Army, 99th Readiness Division. Further detail is provided in the draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) and Custodial Floor Plan attached to this announcement. Attachment(s): • (CUI) draft PWS (PA067) • (CUI) PA067 Floor Plan If your organization has the potential capacity to perform these custodial services, please provide the following information: 1) Organization name, address, email address, Web site address, telephone number, and size and type of ownership for the organization; and 2) Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. The Government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: 1) provide services consistent, in scope and scale, with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated; and 2) provide services under a performance based service acquisition contract. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS • Service Contract Act The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 561720 – Janitorial Services with a Small Business Size Standard of $22M. The Product Service Code is S201 Housekeeping- Custodial Janitorial. Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND SUBMISSION DETAILS (CAPABILITIES STATEMENT) Interested parties are requested to submit a capabilities statement of no more than ten (10) pages in length in Times New Roman font of not less than 10 pitch. The deadline for response to this request is no later than 10:00 AM, EST, 20 March 2026. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be e-mailed to Tyler Behr, Contract Specialist, tyler.e.behr2.civ@army.mil. This documentation must address at a minimum the following items: 1.) What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? 2.) Can or has your company managed a task of this nature? If so, please provide details. 3.) Can or has your company managed a team of subcontractors before? If so, provide details. 4.) What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensure capability to perform the tasks? 5.) Please note that under a Small-Business Set-Aside, in accordance with FAR 52.219-14, the small business prime must perform at least 50% of the work themselves in terms of the cost of performance. Provide an explanation of your company’s ability to perform at least 50% of the tasking described in this PWS for the base period as well as the option periods. 6.) Provide a statement including current small/large business status and company profile to CAGE, DUNS and SAM Unique Identity. 7.) Respondents to this notice also must indicate whether they qualify as a Small, Small Disadvantaged, Women-Owned, HUBZone, or Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concern. The estimated period of performance consists of base year plus 4, 12-months. Specifics regarding the number of option periods will be provided in the solicitation. The contract type is anticipated to be firm-fixed priced. The proposed contract is anticipated to include tasking that would be accomplished by labor categories that are subject to the Service Contract Act or a collective bargaining agreement. Upon evaluation of the capability statements, if it is determined that this requirement will be an unrestricted competition, the Government intends to evaluate the Small-Business responses and conduct further market research to identify a subcontracting goal. Your response to this Sources Sought, including any capabilities statement, shall be electronically submitted to the Contract Specialist, Tyler Behr, in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF), via email tyler.e.behr2.civ@army.mil. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. No phone calls will be accepted. All questions must be submitted to the contract specialist identified above. The Government is not committed nor obligated to pay for the information provided, and no basis for claims against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this Sources Sought.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: TYLER BEHR
  - Email: tyler.e.behr2.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 6095624299

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e8bc6e2ca773493e9aff1040676c6222/view)