---
layout: default
title: J--PROVIDE HVAC PLANT REPAIRS TO THE NOAA SHIP PISCES
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 1306aae94f6540878fbdcd41e1f4f991
---

# J--PROVIDE HVAC PLANT REPAIRS TO THE NOAA SHIP PISCES

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 08:36:36.59-04
- Solicitation Number: 1333MK26Q0038

## Summary

Amendment 0002 to Solicitation#: 1333MK26Q0038 is to correct the following question from the previous Amendment as follow: Q. What size is the dry well for the Metrix Valve? A. Thermowell is actually 6-inches in length for thermostatic assembly part number 50M-261M-X. All of the other terms and conditions remain the same End of Amendment 0002 Amendment 0001 to Solicitation#: 1333MK26Q0038 is to provide answers to vendors questions: Q1. Will the oil pump be provided by the vessel or do we need to quote a new oil pump? A1. Oil Pump must be furnished by the contractor - see Paragraph 4.1.1 Q2. Will refrigerant be supplied by the vessel if the system requires more? A2. Supplying all refrigerant is the responsibility of the contractor - see Paragraph 4.1.2. For bidding purposes, assume one (QTY 1) 30-lb cylinder of R-134 will be required. Q3. What size is the dry well for the Metrix Valve? A3. Dry well is a 3-inch length probe size. Q4. How many Domestic and Scientific Refrigeration Units are on board? A4. Domestic units: 2 units, Scientific Reefer: 1 unit All of the other terms and conditions remain the same End of Amendment 0001 THIS IS A COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FORMAT IN FAR SUBPART 12.6, AS SUPPLEMENTED WITH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION; QUOTES ARE BEING REQUESTED AND A WRITTEN SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE ISSUED. THIS SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION 1333MK26Q0038 CONSTITUTES A REQUEST FOR QUOTATION (RFQ) AND INCORPORATES PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES IN EFFECT THROUGH FEDERAL ACQUISITION CIRCULAR 2026-01. THE NATIONAL OCEANIC ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION (NOAA), OFFICE OF MARINE & AVIATION OPERATIONS (OMAO), NOAA SHIP PISCES REQUEST HVAC PLANT REPAIRS ONBOARD THE SHIP. CLIN DESCRIPTION QUANTITY UNIT PRICE TOTAL PRICE 0001 PROVIDE HVAC PLANT REPAIRS ONBOARD THE NOAA SHIP PISCES PER ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: 3/26/2026 – 4/5/2026 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: NOAA SHIP PISCES NAVAL STATION NEWPORT RHODE ISLAND 47 CHANDLER STREET NEWPORT, RHODE ISLAND, 08241 ADDITIONAL ITEM REQUIREMENTS (AIR): THESE ITEMS RELATE TO GROWTH WORK. THE RATES QUOTED WILL BE USED THROUGHOUT THE LIFE OF THE CONTRACT IF GROWTH WORK IS ADDED TO THE SCOPE OF THE CONTRACT [REFERENCE COMMERCE ACQUISITION REGULATION (CAR) CLAUSE 1352.271-72]. IF AIRS ARE ISSUED, THESE ITEMS WILL BE AWARDED AT THE QUANTITIES NEEDED VIA A CONTRACT MODIFICATION. CLIN 0002 GROWTH WORK **PROVIDE BREAKDOWN, AS FOLLOWS: AIRS/GROWTH HOURLY LABOR RATE** REGULAR LABOR RATE__________________PER HOUR OVERTIME RATE____________________PER HOUR HOLIDAY/WEEKEND OVERTIME _________________PER HOUR. THE GOVERNMENT WILL AWARD A FIRM FIXED PRICE CONTRACT BASED ON BEST VALUE TO THE GOVERNMENT: OEM CARRIER TRAINED/CERTIFIED AND/OR PAST EXPERIENCE/ PERFORMANCE, AND BEST PRICE. THIS ACQUISITION IS A 100% SMALL BUSINESS SET ASIDE UNDER THE NAICS CODE 336611, SHIP BUILDING AND REPAIRING, WITH THE SIZE STANDARD OF 1,300 EMPLOYEES AND THE PRODUCT SERVICE CODE IS J020. PLEASE REVIEW THE ATTACHED RFQ 1333MK26Q0038 AND PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION WITH YOUR OFFER, FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTATION MAY BE EXCLUDED FROM CONSIDERATION. 1. PLEASE PROVIDE NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, SAM UEI, AND THE FIRST PAGE OF YOUR SAM REGISTRATION. 2. AN ITEMIZED/DETAIL BREAKDOWN COST OF THE QUOTE THAT WILL REFLECT THE ENTIRE PRICE UNDER THIS RFQ. (THAT WOULD INCLUDE ONLY IF APPLICABLE THE FOLLOWING: PARTS, LABOR, TRAVEL, ETC.). 3. A COPY OF THE LIABILITY INSURANCE (PLEASE ENSURE IS UP TO DATE). 4. INCLUDE STATEMENT SPECIFYING THE EXTENT OF AGREEMENT WITH ALL TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND PROVISION INCLUDED IN THE RFQ. QUOTES THAT REJECT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RFQ MAY BE EXCLUDED FROM CONSIDERATION. 5. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF SOLICITATION AMENDMENTS (SF-30) IF ANY. 6. VENDOR SHALL BE AN AUTHORIZED DEALER, DISTRIBUTOR, OR SERVICE PROVIDER FROM (CARRIER) AND PROVIDE AN AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTOR/ VENDOR SERVICE LETTER FROM THE OEM AND/OR PROVIDE OEM CARRIER TRAINED/CERTIFICATIONS. IF THE VENDOR IS NOT AN AUTHORIZED SERVICE PROVIDER OR OEM CARRIER TRAINED/CERTIFIED VENDOR SHALL PROVIDE AT LEAST THREE DETAIL JOBS WITH REFERENCES PERFORMED WITHIN THE PAST THREE YEARS THAT ARE THE SAME OR SIMILAR IN SCOPE SPECIFICALLY WITH DETAILING EXPERIENCE TROUBLESHOOTING/REPAIRING OF FSV CLASS HVAC CHILLED WATER MODEL 30HXS086R-140 HVAC PLANTS. 7. VENDOR SHALL PROVIDE A POINT OF CONTACT THAT INCLUDES NAME, TELEPHONE NUMBER, EMAILS, CONTRACT VALUE AND A DETAIL DESCRIPTION OF THE WORK PERFORMED. ALL RESPONSIBLE SOURCES MAY SUBMIT A QUOTATION, WHICH SHALL BE CONSIDERED BY THE AGENCY. QUOTES MUST BE SUBMITTED VIA ELECTRONIC MEANS (EMAIL) NO LATER THAN MARCH 20, 2026 AT 1:00 P.M. EASTERN TIME (ET.) TO ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV. THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR NON-RECEIPT OF EMAIL. ALL QUESTIONS MUST BE SUBMITTED IN WRITING TO ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV BY MARCH 19, 2026 AT 12:00P.M. ET. TELEPHONE INQUIRIES WILL NOT BE HONORED. CONTRACTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO REGISTER WITH THE HTTPS:// BETA.SAM.GOV/VENDOR NOTIFICATION SERVICE AS WELL AS THE INTERESTED VENDORS LIST FOR THIS ACQUISITION (SEE APPLICABLE TAB WITHIN HTTPS://SAM.GOV/ WHERE THIS SYNOPSIS/ SOLICITATION IS POSTED). QUOTERS MUST BE REGISTERED IN THE SAM DATABASE TO BE CONSIDERED FOR AWARD. REGISTRATION IS FREE AND CAN BE COMPLETED ON-LINE AT HTTPS://BETA.SAM.GOV/. FOR CLAUSES AND PROVISIONS PLEASE SEE ATTACHED: 1. SF1449 1333MK26Q0038

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: CANCELA, ALEXANDER
  - Email: ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1306aae94f6540878fbdcd41e1f4f991/view)