---
layout: default
title: 3825--Street Sweeper-(Grounds)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 7acecfa1c2e141b5bf3802209563e186
---

# 3825--Street Sweeper-(Grounds)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 12:29:01.857-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0641
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Presolicitation Notice Presolicitation Notice Page 6 of 6 Presolicitation Notice *=Required Field Presolicitation Notice Page 1 of 6 THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) / SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION ABOUT PRICING, DELIVERY, THE MARKET, AND CAPABILITIES IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI FOR PLANNING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a Sources Sought Notice / RFI only. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice / RFI is to gain information about potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 333120 (size standard of 1250 Employees). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI, further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcements may be published. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking sources capable of providing A Street Sweeper for Loma Linda VA Medical Centers. The list of DRAFT characteristics is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive, of the supplies/services that are required. If your company is interested and capable of providing the required supplies/services, please provide the information indicated below. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Submit your capabilities statement illustrating how your organization can/cannot meet the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirements. For instances where your company cannot meet the DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirement(s), please explain. For instances where your company can meet the DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirement(s), please show how your company meets/exceeds each requirement. (2) Please review the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirements and provide any additional feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (3) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. (4) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified in this RFI? (5) Are you the manufacturer, authorized distributor, and/or can your company provide a solution to the required supplies/services described in the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW? SCOPE: The Loma Linda VA Healthcare System is seeking a contractor for the PMRS Treadmill. The prospective contractor must meet Salient characteristics listed below Brand Name or Equal Green Machines model GM636HS: Sweeper Salient Characteristics Dimensions: The Street Sweeper must not exceed the specified dimensions; otherwise, it will not be suitable for the intended areas of use. Must be Max Length 138in Must be Width 44.5in Must be Max Height 78 in Must have Radio, air ride seat/ adjustable seat Must have Climate control, Heating/ AC Must have an audio engine warning buzzer system Must have an audio backup alarm Must have WINDSHIELD defrost, Must have independent suspension Must have Water System: Must have a minimum of 51-gallon water tank capacity Must have a high-Pressure washer with a minimum 1300 psi. Engine Type: It must be a Kubota diesel engine. Must have a full engine and parts warranty. Must have Minimum 4 cylinders Sweeping System Must contain a retractable wander hose Must have a variable sweeping width Must have a working width minimum Brush retracted 54in Must have a working width maximum of 75in Must have Hopper Capacity 396 gallons minimum Must have Water flow 3.5 gallons per minute maximum Must have a pressure washer with a minimum 1500 PSI Must have a vacuum sweeper design rather than a mechanical broom design, hopper capacity minimum 2,0 cu yd to reduce the need for frequent dumping Must have this feature to significantly reduce water consumption and extend the time between refills. Must have Misting system must efficiently suppress dust, contributing to cleaner streets and improved air quality. Must have a fire extinguisher to maintain safety. Must have a rear safety camera to assist with safety and blind spots. Must have fully legal street lighting. Must have Air Conditioning. Must have a dust control system (cloud maker) Illustration is for visual purposes. Installation: is not required. SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS: Equipment must have salient characteristics to enable the government to perform the capabilities. WARRANTY OF EQUIPMENT: Government requirement for standard manufacturer industry warranty term. Additional One Year Warranty with Full Coverage is also required. PERFORMANCE: 180 days ARO DELIVER TO: Loma Linda VA Health Care System, 11201 Benton St, Loma Linda, CA 92357 Delivery is FOB Destination. (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated/authorized distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified. (8) Limitations on Subcontracting: How does your business ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting as outlined in 13 CFR § 125.6? (9) Are the items you are identifying/providing considered Commercial of the Shelf (COTS) items as defined in FAR Part 2.101 under commercial items? (10) Non-Manufacturer Rule: If applicable, can you confirm your business complies with the Non-Manufacturer rule? Specifically, does your company: Provide a product from a small business manufacturer or processor? Not exceed 500 employees? Primarily engage in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of item being supplied? Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? (11) Please indicate whether your product conforms to the requirements of the Buy American Act? (12) What is your lead time to deliver a single unit with all components? Is there scale in lead time with greater quantities? Please elaborate. (13) What is estimated life span of your solution? What support/services does that entail? (14) Does your proposed equipment have FDA clearance? Please specify what FDA clearance(s) have been obtained. (15) Does your organization offer a leasing solution? Please elaborate. (16) Does your company have a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract? If so, please provide the contract number(s). (17) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract holder, are all the items/solutions you are providing information about available on your schedule/contract? Please state if all or some items are available on the contract. (18) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (19) Please provide your SAM.gov Unique Entity ID/Cage Code number. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to victor.oliveros@va.gov . Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than April 27, 2026 by 15:00 PST. All responses to this Sources Sought/RFI will be used for planning purposes only. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI are not considered a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcement is issued as a result of the information provided from this RFI, all interested parties must respond to the specific posting separately IAW the specifications of that announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Victor Oliveros
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: victor.oliveros@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7acecfa1c2e141b5bf3802209563e186/view)