---
layout: default
title: AMXG F-16 Wheel & Tire Crates - Hill AFB
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: d7d770cf169743debbc665cc5a1d8a6d
---

# AMXG F-16 Wheel & Tire Crates - Hill AFB

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 15:03:27.7-04
- Solicitation Number: FA822426Q0001

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation FA822426Q0001 Requirement 15609, Hill AFB AMXG F-16 Wheel & Tire Crates 1) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for the acquisition of commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this announcement. This announcement constitutes the sole solicitation. 2) All companies or individuals responding must be actively registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) and Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) at the time of the solicitation’s closing for a quote to be considered for award. 3) This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). 4) This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06. 5) This requirement is being pursued as a 100% Small Business Set-aside. The 2022 NAICS Code associated with the requirement is: 332439 Other Metal Container Manufacturing. The PSC/FSC code is 8145 - Specialized Shipping and Storage Containers. The SBA’s size standard associated with the NAICS code is 600 employees. 6) Description of item to be acquired: The 309th Aircraft Maintenance Squadron (AMXG) at Hill Air Force Base has a requirement to purchase eight (8) F-16 Wheel-Tire Crate Assemblies. The contractor shall fabricate each crate and subassembly with the materials, hardware, and specifications contained in the current drawings and notes in accordance with Section 2 of the Statement of Work (SOW). 7) Delivery timeframe: Within 45 days of receipt of signed order. 8) To request the drawing pdf files: Send an email request to the point of contact identified in Item #19 (below), or the contact information section of this of this solicitation on SAM.gov. The subject line of the message should be: Drawings Request - FA822426Q0001. In the body of the email include the requesting firm’s active CAGE code and attach to the email a PDF copy of the firm’s DD Form 2345, Military Critical Technical Data Agreement executed by the Joint Certification Program Office. Upon approval an email response will be sent via the Department of War’s SAFE file-transfer portal. 9) An invoice shall be submitted after delivery of all items has been completed and accepted. In accordance with DFARS 252.232-7006, Wide Area Workflow (WAWF) is the system of choice for submission of invoices and receipt/ acceptance of documents. 10) The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. Offers are due by 12:00 PM Mountain Daylight Time on 26 March 2026, via electronic mail addressed to: william.lee.66@us.af.mil and shelly.bachison@us.af.mil. Offeror is responsible for verifying receipt of offer. Oral offers will not be accepted. 11) To be considered for award the Offeror is responsible for submitting the following 4 items in a clean, concise response marked: RESPONSE - FA822426Q0001 F-16 Wheel & Tire Crates: 11a) Provide the offeror’s active CAGE code, and the name, address, phone number and email address of the relevant point of contact of the offeror. 11b) In no more than 4-pages, provide sufficient details to illustrate the offeror’s qualifications and technical ability, including a description of the firm and its expertise; two descriptions and/or images of representative projects of similar nature and scope to this requirement; and if available, the contract number(s) of any projects completed for the US Government in the last 24 months. 11c) Provide an affirmative statement confirming that all specifications, requirements and deadlines within the SOW are comprehended and will be met. 11d) Provide a price quote in the following format, inclusive of manufacturing and shipment/delivery of finished products to Hill AFB, Utah. Quotes must be valid for sixty (60) days from the solicitation’s closing date. Line Item #0001: F-16 Wheel-Tire Assembly (X202312543-10 Rev B) Quantity: 8 Price per unit: _______________ Total price: ________________ 12) An offeror’s submission will be determined to be technically acceptable if it reasonably demonstrates that the firm possesses the equipment, technical capability, and background to complete the project on-time and in accordance with the SOW. 13) Award timeframe: An award is anticipated on or about 13 April 2026. 14) Delivery and acceptance location of all items shall be consistent with SOW Specification 5.3. 15) The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. 15a) The Government will issue a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforms to the solicitation and will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other identified requirements considered. 15b) One (1) award will be made to the qualified offeror with the lowest priced, technically acceptable (LPTA), quote. Only information submitted with the offeror’s quote will be evaluated. 15c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before an offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer or part of an offer, whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. 16) The clause at FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and a statement regarding any addenda to the clause. 17) The clause at FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders – Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The additional FAR clauses that apply to this acquisition included in FAR clause 52.212-5 are included. 18) Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS): N/A 19) For additional information regarding this combined synopsis/solicitation, contact William Lee at william.lee.66@us.af.mil and PCO Shelly Bachison at shelly.bachison@us.af.mil. 20) Notice to Offerors: The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs. 21) This solicitation incorporates one or more clauses and/or provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address: https://www.acquisition.gov (end)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: William F. Lee (Bill), Buyer
  - Email: william.lee.66@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 8015863201
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Shelly Bachison
  - Email: shelly.bachison@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 8015868606

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d7d770cf169743debbc665cc5a1d8a6d/view)