---
layout: default
title: TEST AND BALANCE of AIR FLOWS FOR VA SIERRA NEVADA HEALTH CARE SYSTEM
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 579e1eca3baf495ba821e81a6a816e90
---

# TEST AND BALANCE of AIR FLOWS FOR VA SIERRA NEVADA HEALTH CARE SYSTEM

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-31 11:43:12.647-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26126Q0551

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. No Solicitation is currently available. The intent of this Sources Sought Announcement is to assist in our decision-making process for services procurement. This is not a solicitation, nor request for quotes or proposals. Through the receipt of responses, this will enable a more precise type of procurement process. The Government is not obligated to, nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this sources sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award of a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. Any inquiries are to be made in writing by email to the point of contact, Keturah Busey, Contract Specialist. Responses to this notice shall be sent by email to Keturah.busey@va.gov by the due date and time of 4/6/2026 by 3:00 P.M. (Pacific Time). The VA Sierra Nevada Health Care System (VASNHCS) located in Reno, NV requires Test and Balance (TAB) services of air flows at VA Sierra Nevada Health System (VASNHCS). The Contractor must perform testing, adjusting, and balancing of the air flows on approximately 52 rooms plus two corridors (52 rooms) annually and four Sterile Processing Service (SPS) rooms/2 corridors quarterly. Positive Negative checks occur annually for 78 rooms. On occasion, additional spaces at VASNHCS may be required to be tested and balanced as needed to ensure the air flows meets the standards as required per the HVAC Design Manual. The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, and other items and non-personal services necessary to conduct the TAB at VASNHCS as defined in this Performance Work Statement (PWS) except for those items specified as government furnished property and services. The contractor shall perform to the standards in this contract. Please see Performance Work Statement (PWS) for more information and the mandatory requirements that must be met. Potential Offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for an award (See Internet Site https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/). Potential Offerors must also have a current Online Representations and Certification Application on file with SAM. Before responding please carefully read and consider the following: As this is a service acquisition, the Small Business Administration and the Federal Acquisition Regulation have a Limitations on Subcontracting requirements. For all small businesses, to include SDVOSB and VOSB, “it will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor's 50 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. When a contract includes both services and supplies, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the service portion of the contract.” See FAR 52.219-14 and FAR 52.219-27 available in full text at https://www.acquisition.gov/far/html/52_217_221.html Capability Statement The Government requests that only firms seriously interested and truly capable should send their capability information to the Contract Specialist, Keturah Busey by email at: Keturah.busey@va.gov no later than 3:00 PM Pacific Time, April 6, 2026: (a) Business Size (Large/Small) (b) Business Socio-Economic Status (SDVOSB, WOSB, 8(a), HUBZone, etc.) (c) SAM record (www.sam.gov) (d) VIP record (SDVOSB/VOSB firms only) (https://www.vip.vetbiz.gov/) (e) DUNS number (f) Ability and experience in managing similar projects. Include general information and technical background describing your firm's experience on contracts requiring similar efforts to meet the program objectives. (g) List of Projects (Government and Commercial) that are similar in scope and size. (h) Anticipated Teaming Arrangements (if any) (i) GSA Contract Number if applicable. (j) Copies of certificates/licenses as identified above under Contractor Qualifications Interested parties shall not submit more than 10 single-sided, type-written pages using 12-point font or larger. Published literature may be any number of pages. The Government will use this information when determining its business type decision. *Failure to provide the information requested above (items (a) – (j)) will be considered non-responsive and will not be considered a viable source. DISCLAIMER This Sources Sought notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this request that is marked proprietary will be handled accordingly. The Government will not compensate an offeror for providing information in response to this sources sought. Furthermore, the Government reserves the right to cancel this requirement at its discretion. This is simply a sources sought notice. See attached document: Test and Balance Services PWS.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Keturah Busey
  - Email: keturah.busey@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/579e1eca3baf495ba821e81a6a816e90/view)