# LCAAP Contaminated Waste Plant Construction

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 09:58:42.903-05
- Solicitation Number: W912DQ26RA001

## Summary

Lake City Army Ammunition Plant (LCAAP) Contaminated Waste Plant Independence, MO Solicitation: W912DQ26RA001 CONTRACT INFORMATION: The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) Kansas City District (NWK) intends solicit, negotiate, and award a one-time Unrestricted, Firm-Fixed-Price, Design-Bid-Build, construction contract to construct a new Contaminated Waste Plant (CWP) and remodel and renovate three additional buildings at the Lake City Army Ammunition Plant (LCAAP) located in Independence, MO. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 236210 Industrial Building Construction.Estimated Magnitude of Construction: Between $100,000,000 and $150,000,000 A bid bond will be required with your proposal in the amount of 20% of the offeror proposed price or $3,000,000.00 whichever is less. Payment and Performance Bonds will be required for the full amount (100%) of the awarded contract. The requirement is an Unrestricted/Full and Open competitive acquisition; both small and large businesses are eligible to respond.The actual solicitation will be posted and available on SAM.gov on or about 18 March 2026. Proposals will be due approximately 45 days later. The solicitation and any issued amendments will include the proposal submission and evaluation criteria, and shall establish the actual proposal due date. Viewing and download the solicitation requires registration at the SAM.gov website at https://sam.gov/. Downloads and instructions are available through this website. Any amendments will only be available from this website. Offerors are responsible for checking the website frequently for any update(s) to this Pre-Solicitation Announcement or amendments to the Solicitation. A site visit will be held on or about 31 March 2026. The deadline for submitting site visit registration is 24 March 2026. Contact Angelique Dilmore at angelique.m.dilmore@usace.army.mil to register for the site visit. Synopsis of the Scope of Work:This requirement will result in the construction of a new stand-alone CWP building, the renovation of existing Bldg.160, the replacement of Bldg. 161 to accommodate the new contaminated waste streams, and the replacement of the contaminated waste system lift station in Bldg. 160C. The new stand-alone decontamination facility will allow the decontamination of various ammunition production equipment and items which have been contaminated with propellant, explosives, and pyrotechnic compounds. The facility will provide liquid (wet-kill) decontamination bays as well as a decontamination verification car-bottom oven. The facility will also include necessary waste collection / treatment / neutralization provisions, process incoming and outgoing material, staging areas and support offices and restrooms. The support and utility room areas within the buildings will be segregated from the energetic decontamination processing area with a fire-rated wall. There will also be an outdoor covered incoming/outgoing storage area. Building 160 will be renovated and modernized to extend its life. The Bldg. 160 waste treatment processes will remain essentially the same, but with some targeted process and infrastructure equipment replacements. Bldg. 161 will be replaced in its entirety. The Bldg. 161 processes will also remain essentially the same and will also have targeted process and infrastructure equipment replacements. The lift station at Bldg.160C will be replaced with a modern lift station. The new lift station will use vertically mounted progressive cavity pumps with the motor above grade. The wet well will also be upgraded to a larger volume double-contained wet well to provide better equalization and emergency back-up volume. Construction of a small building above the pump motors will provide protection from the elements. Due to the nature of the facilities on the LCAAP campus there is a reasonable expectation that contaminated soil may be uncovered. Any unusable soil will be remediated and disposed of in accordance with Missouri Department of Natural Resources standards.

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7f094cbc63744c3cb92d624c7d016c21/view