---
layout: default
title: Industry Day and Presolicitation Notice HITS-UIII
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: e01dfa2af579422784f2cb367fa98a6e
---

# Industry Day and Presolicitation Notice HITS-UIII

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 15:28:41.37-04
- Solicitation Number: PANERD25P0000_001596

## Summary

Presolicitation, Industry Day and Facility Site Visit Announcement – High Performance Modernization Computing Program – Unrestricted (HITS-UIII) (3), U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Engineer Research and Development Center, High Performance Modernization Computing Program. 1. General Information The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Engineer Research and Development Center is hosting a hybrid Industry Day for the upcoming HITS-UIII requirement. The purpose of this event is to provide industry partners with a better understanding of the Government's objectives, promote competition, and facilitate market research. A facility site visit will be conducted in conjunction with this event. HITS-UIII is a continuation of contracted support covering the DoW Science and Technology, Research and Development, Test and Evaluation communities, all of which access the DoW High Performance Computing Modernization Program (HPCMP) Supercomputer systems. These systems support the Defense Research and Engineering Network/Secure Defense Research and Engineering Network (DREN/SDREN) both classified and unclassified. The mission of HPCMP is to accelerate technology development and transition to superior defense capabilities, to provide DoD's scientists and engineers with the resources necessary to solve the most demanding warfighter problems through the strategic application of high-performance computing, networking, and computational expertise. The Program operates five (5) DoD Supercomputing Resource Centers (DSRCs) with associated Local Area Networks (LANs) / Wide Area Networks (WANs) and develops High Performance Computing (HPC) software applications and support environments. This procurement will support four (4) of those DSRCs. This announcement also provides notification of a new proposed contract action as required by FAR 5.201 and to provide notice of an industry day/site visit in support of this procurement. The HITS-UIII procurement is planned to be awarded as an Indefinite-Delivery-Indefinite-Quantity Hybrid Firm Fixed Priced (FFP) Single Award Task Order Contract (SATOC) with cost reimbursement elements for Other Direct Costs. The planned SATOC will have a five-year ordering period, solicited and evaluated using the best value trade off method for award. This procurement will be solicited as unrestricted full and open competition. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 541512 (Computer System Design Services). Offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) in order to be eligible to receive an award from any government solicitation. In addition, to be considered for award of this contract, the prime contractor shall be required to have a Top Secret – Facility Clearance, be Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 2 (C3PAO) certified and also have certification from the Joint Certification Program (JCP). As prenotification, this forthcoming solicitation shall have technical documents marked as Distribution D, requiring both the CMMC Level 2 (C3PAO) and JCP certification in order for the documents to be released to the offeror. Those offerors without the credentials listed above will be given the opportunity to view the controlled technical documents at a government location in the presence of a government official only. The date of release of the anticipated Request for Proposal (RFP) is still pending at this time, but any updates will be provided on SAM.gov. 2. Industry Day Dates 24 June 2026, Program Presentations, 25 June 2026 Facility Visit, Army Research Lab Time: 0900 ET In-Person Location: Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland Virtual Platform: To Be Provided by POCs listed below at registration 3. Registration and Attendance Limits Advance registration is mandatory for all attendees. To accommodate as many organizations as possible and manage venue capacity/bandwidth, the following limitations are strictly enforced: Overall Limit: Attendance is strictly limited to a maximum of two (2) representatives per organization in total. This limit applies regardless of whether the representatives are attending in-person, virtually, or a combination of both (e.g., one in-person and one virtual). Facility Site Visit: A facility site visit will be conducted following the main Industry Day presentation. Participation in the facility site visit is limited to in-person attendees only. There will be no virtual option for the site visit portion of the event. All site visit attendees must possess a secret clearance to attend. 3. Industry Day Submission Instructions Interested parties must submit their attendee list via email to both the Contracting Officer (KO) and the Contracting Officer's Representative (COR) no later than 1700 ET, 10 June 2026. Please provide the following information for each attendee in your submission: Company Name, CAGE Code, and UEI Attendee Name(s) and Title(s) Contact Information (Email and Phone Number) Attendance Method: (Specify "In-Person" or "Virtual" for each attendee) Site Visit Participation: (Specify "Yes" or "No" - Note: Must be an in-person attendee) Logistical Information for the Industry Day/Facility Site Visit will be provided by the Registration POCs referenced below. Points of Contact for Registration: Jennifer I. Wilmoth, jennifer.i.wilmoth@usace.army.mil and Melissa K. Lynn, melissa.k.lynn@usace.army.mil (please ensure you send to both POCs) 4. Additional Details Questions and Comments: A draft SATOC level Performance Work Statement (PWS) is forthcoming and will be uploaded to this announcement at a later date. Once the PWS has been posted, Industry is encouraged to submit questions/inquiries regarding the PWS and the requirement through the ProjNet System at https://www.projnet.org, using Bidder Inquiry Key JRCGOU-P25DE3, by 15 June 2026. Upon completion of the industry day event, a subsequent post industry day ProjNet Bidder Inquiry will be established for an additional 30 days for further inquiries to the requirement. The Bidder Inquiry Key for the post industry day questions and comments will be established at a later date and be updated to this announcement. PLEASE NOTE: This notice is provided for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or an Invitation for Bid (IFB) at this time. The Government will not reimburse any costs associated with attendance or participation in this Industry Day or Facility Site Visit.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Melissa Lynn
  - Email: melissa.k.lynn@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 6019209176

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e01dfa2af579422784f2cb367fa98a6e/view)