---
layout: default
title: Q522--Sources Sought | Diagnostic Radiology Physician Services | Orlando
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d576ea89b7014be1a4c9bf7fceec89e1
---

# Q522--Sources Sought | Diagnostic Radiology Physician Services | Orlando

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 09:09:13.679-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0378
- Awardee: null

## Summary

The Department of Veterans Affairs, VISN 08, Orlando Veterans Administration Healthcare System (OVAHCS) is seeking interested and qualified sources capable of providing the following services: Two (2) Full-Time Employee Equivalent (FTEE) onsite Diagnostic Radiology Physicians, Board-Certified and fellowship trained in Body, Muscoskeletal (MSK), and Neuroradiology to provide services to eligible beneficiaries of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and the Orlando VA Healthcare System. The VA Radiology Services follow the standards & guidelines set forth by American College of Radiology (ACR). A contractor providing Diagnostic Radiology Physician Services shall provide services that meet or exceed the American College of Radiology Guidelines https://www.acr.org/-/media/ACR/Files/Practice-Parameters/IRClin-Prac-Mgmt.pdf.pdf (and are accredited by ACR for Mammography). Authority: Title 38 USC 8153, Health Care Resources (HCR) Sharing Authority; Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Overhaul Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Place of Performance: Services will be provided onsite at the Orlando VA Healthcare System (OVAHS), 13800 Veteran s Way, Orlando, FL 32827. Period of Performance: The anticipated period of performance for this contract will be from 09/01/2026 through 08/31/2031, consisting of a base year and four (4) one (1) year option periods. Description of Services: The OVAHCS requires two (2) FTEE onsite Diagnostic Radiology Physicians who are Board-Certified and fellowship trained (or possess substantial clinical experience) in Body imaging, Musculoskeletal (MSK), or Neuroradiology. Two (2) Diagnostic Radiologists of differing subspecialties (one (1) Neuro and one (1) MSK; (1) Neuro and one (1) body; or one (1) MSK and one (1) body) are required to be onsite Monday Friday from 8:00am 4:30pm (30-minute lunch) excluding Federal Holidays (full-time basis). No off-hours coverage or on-call duties are required. Each Diagnostic Radiologist must produce 9000 wRVUs/year (4.3 wRVUs/hour; 34.6 wRVUs/day). Qualified substitute personnel with credentials including board certification, comparable to designated key personnel must be fully credentialed and privileged and readily available in the event key personnel are unavailable. Given the importance of continuity of care to the facility s medical services, the Contractor must maintain a contingency plan to ensure uninterrupted services if a physician departs employment or becomes unable to perform services and provide coverage. Contractor physicians must possess a minimum of three (3) years of continuous Board-Certified Diagnostic Radiologist experience within the last four (4) years, including demonstrated proficiency in interpreting Computed Tomography (CT), Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Ultrasound, and Diagnostic X-ray imaging. License: The Contractor s physician(s) assigned by the Contractor to perform the services shall have a current license to practice medicine in any State, Territory, or Commonwealth of the United States or the District of Columbia) when services are performed onsite on VA property. All licenses held by the key personnel working on this contract shall be full and unrestricted licenses. Contractor s physician(s) who have current, full, and unrestricted licenses in one or more states, but who have, or ever had, a license restricted, suspended, revoked, voluntarily revoked, voluntarily surrendered pending action or denied upon application will not be considered for the purposes of this contract. Board Certification: All contractor s physician(s) shall be Board-Certified per the American Board of Radiology (http://www.theabr.org/). All continuing education courses required for maintaining certification must be kept up to date at all times. This is a request for sources and information only and it is intended for market research and planning purposes, which may or may not lead to a future solicitation. This is not a request for quotations. The VA will not pay for any information received resulting from this Sources Sought notice. Requests for copies of a solicitation shall not be honored or acknowledged. However, if your firm can provide these requirements and it is interested in this opportunity, please provide written notification to the Contracting Officer. SDVOSB or VOSB must be certified in the Veterans Small Business Certification website at: Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov) Only responses from authorized company representatives with sufficient knowledge, skills, and experience in providing Diagnostic Radiology Physician Services will be considered. Product Service Code (PSC): Q522 Medical Radiology The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code: 621111 Offices of Physicians (except Mental Health Specialists) Business Size Standard: $16.0M Point of Contact(s): Jayne Messer, jayne.messer@va.gov, 239-373-9064 INTERESTED PARTIES: All interested firms must be registered in SAM (System for Award Management) to be eligible for award of Government contracts. Interested parties responding to this Sources Sought request shall submit a capability statement with the following information at a minimum: Point of contact with phone number and email Company name and address SAM.gov Unique Entity Identification code Socio-economic status to identify business class as being a large business, SDVOSB, VOSB, small business, Woman Owned, etc. Documentation relating to capability of performance, including but not limited to: Plan to recruit and retain qualified key personnel to perform the required services Structure for providing two (2) FTE radiologists with differing subspecialties (Neuro, Body, or MSK) Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Continuity plan to ensure uninterrupted services and full coverage of required hours Any other relevant documentation supporting the company s capability. The response due date to this Sources Sought notice is March 18, 2026, at 4:30pm EST. Please email responses to Jayne Messer at jayne.messer@va.gov. Only electronic responses will be accepted.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jayne Messer
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: jayne.messer@va.gov
  - Phone: 239-373-9064

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d576ea89b7014be1a4c9bf7fceec89e1/view