---
layout: default
title: W041-- Portable Chiller Rental 550 Tons
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 3a1e7407f2d14ce99c4e5c578a938fde
---

# W041-- Portable Chiller Rental 550 Tons

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-20 14:35:31.506-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24726Q0456
- Awardee: null

## Summary

5. PROJECT NUMBER (if applicable) CODE 7. ADMINISTERED BY 2. AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION NUMBER CODE 6. ISSUED BY 8. NAME AND ADDRESS OF CONTRACTOR 4. REQUISITION/PURCHASE REQ. NUMBER 3. EFFECTIVE DATE 9A. AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION NUMBER 9B. DATED PAGE OF PAGES 10A. MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT/ORDER NUMBER 10B. DATED BPA NO. 1. CONTRACT ID CODE FACILITY CODE CODE Offers must acknowledge receipt of this amendment prior to the hour and date specified in the solicitation or as amended, by one of the following methods: The above numbered solicitation is amended as set forth in Item 14. The hour and date specified for receipt of Offers E. IMPORTANT: is extended, (a) By completing Items 8 and 15, and returning __________ copies of the amendment; (b) By acknowledging receipt of this amendment on each copy of the offer submitted; or (c) By separate letter or electronic communication which includes a reference to the solicitation and amendment numbers. FAILURE OF YOUR ACKNOWLEDGMENT TO BE RECEIVED AT THE PLACE DESIGNATED FOR THE RECEIPT OF OFFERS PRIOR TO THE HOUR AND DATE SPECIFIED MAY is not extended. 12. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA (REV. 11/2016) is required to sign this document and return ___________ copies to the issuing office. is not, A. THIS CHANGE ORDER IS ISSUED PURSUANT TO: (Specify authority) THE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14 ARE MADE IN THE CONTRACT ORDER NO. IN ITEM 10A. 15C. DATE SIGNED B. THE ABOVE NUMBERED CONTRACT/ORDER IS MODIFIED TO REFLECT THE ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGES SET FORTH IN ITEM 14, PURSUANT TO THE AUTHORITY OF FAR 43.103(b). RESULT IN REJECTION OF YOUR OFFER. If by virtue of this amendment you desire to change an offer already submitted, such change may be made by letter or electronic communication, provided each letter or electronic communication makes reference to the solicitation and this amendment, and is received prior to the opening hour and date specified. C. THIS SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT IS ENTERED INTO PURSUANT TO AUTHORITY OF: D. OTHER Contractor 16C. DATE SIGNED 14. DESCRIPTION OF AMENDMENT/MODIFICATION 16B. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Except as provided herein, all terms and conditions of the document referenced in Item 9A or 10A, as heretofore changed, remains unchanged and in full force and effect. 15A. NAME AND TITLE OF SIGNER 16A. NAME AND TITLE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER 15B. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR STANDARD FORM 30 PREVIOUS EDITION NOT USABLE Prescribed by GSA - FAR (48 CFR) 53.243 (Type or print) (Type or print) (Organized by UCF section headings, including solicitation/contract subject matter where feasible.) (Number, street, county, State and ZIP Code) (If other than Item 6) (Specify type of modification and authority) (such as changes in paying office, appropriation date, etc.) (If required) (SEE ITEM 11) (SEE ITEM 13) (X) CHECK ONE 13. THIS ITEM APPLIES ONLY TO MODIFICATIONS OF CONTRACTS/ORDERS, IT MODIFIES THE CONTRACT/ORDER NO. AS DESCRIBED IN ITEM 14. 11. THIS ITEM ONLY APPLIES TO AMENDMENTS OF SOLICITATIONS AMENDMENT OF SOLICITATION/MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT (Signature of person authorized to sign) (Signature of Contracting Officer) 1 2 0001 04-20-2026 557-26-3-5151-0124 None 508A DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION Network Contracting Office (NCO) 7 2957 CLAIRMONT ROAD NE, Suite 1200 Atlanta GA 30329 508A DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION Network Contracting Office (NCO) 7 2957 CLAIRMONT ROAD NE, Suite 1200 Atlanta GA 30329 To all Offerors/Bidders 36C24726Q0456 X X X X 1 The purpose of this amendment: 1. The question-and-answer period for this solicitation is now closed. No additional questions will be accepted. 2. Offerors shall refrain from contacting the Contracting Officer or other Government personnel s Representative (COR) or other Government personnel regarding this solicitation. All communications must be directed to the Contracting Officer identified in the solicitation. 4.The solicitation closing date remains April 22, 2026 12 PM EST., at the time stated in the solicitation. 5. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. Jessica Cummings Contracting Officer Page 2 of 2 Questions Portable Chiller Rental 550 Tons, Solicitation 36C24726Q0456 Electrical Specifications Can the Government provide details on available electrical capacity, including voltage, phase, amperage, and the location of the connection point for the portable chiller system? The electrical connection will be a 480V, 3-phase transformer capable of providing 1200 amps. Approximate distance from transformer to chiller placement is 75 feet. Chiller Placement / Site Conditions Can the Government provide information on the designated staging/placement area for the chiller system, including any space limitations, access constraints, or weight/load restrictions? Chiller is tentatively planned to be placed in Parking Lot 11. Location is near a loading dock where drivers need to reverse approximately 300 feet. Tie-In Location & Distance Can the Government confirm the exact location of the chilled water connection points and the approximate distance from the proposed chiller placement area? Location of chilled water connection points is in basement under facility, approximate distance from connection point to chiller placement is 200 feet. Water Quality Requirements Are there any specific water treatment or water quality requirements for connecting to the facility s chilled water system? Chiller water lines should be free of dirt and debris before connection. If any damage is done to facility lines due to debris or improper charging of the chiller, vendor will be responsible. We would like to know if this is a brand-new contract OR if there is (was) an incumbent performing these services. If not brand new, could you please provide the current / previous contract number? This requirement is not a new procurement. The Government does not provide incumbent contract details as part of this solicitation. Offers are encouraged to use publicly available resources.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jessica Cummings
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Jessica.Cummings3@va.gov
  - Phone: (803) 776-4000 x7801

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3a1e7407f2d14ce99c4e5c578a938fde/view)