---
layout: default
title: 6515--Physiologic Monitor Modules: Pulse Oximetry
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 65d40b0c40ff4406b35ec3e7fdb9473b
---

# 6515--Physiologic Monitor Modules: Pulse Oximetry

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-04 10:35:28.414-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C10X26Q0086
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 6 of 6 DESCRIPTION The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment National Program has identified the Physiologic Monitor Modules: Pulse Oximetry product line as a candidate for a VA-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) single Requirements contract award. The Department of Veterans Affairs (DVA) Office of Procurement, Acquisition and Logistics (OPAL) Strategic Acquisition Center (SAC) on behalf of VHA is issuing this Sources Sought Notice in accordance with the FAR 10.002(b)(2) to determine the availability and technical capabilities of qualified sources. The SAC in conjunction with VHA is seeking a qualified source to provide Masimo® brand name or equal to the Physiologic Monitor Modules: Pulse Oximetry on an agency wide basis. VA intends to award a Requirements Contract with Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) orders IAW FAR 16.503, Requirements Contract to a supplier of this equipment. Vendors will be required to deliver the Physiologic Monitor Modules: Pulse Oximetry to VA medical centers and facilities throughout the United States and its territories. The anticipated period of performance is for one 12-month base period with four 12-month option periods from the date of award. However, the Government's decision as to whether to continue with the contract, upon annual review, will be based upon successful performance during each previous year and continued need. The Contractor must demonstrate the ability to meet all requirements for the solicitation. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 339112- Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing, Product Service Code: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies and the associated size standard is 1000 employees. The FAR Provision found at 52.204-7(b)(1) requires that All interested Offerors must be registered in SAM.gov prior to submitting an offer or quotation. You may access the website at SAM.gov | Home. All offerors must be certified with the appropriate NAICS code on the SAM website. All SDVOSB/VOSB offerors must be verified in the SBA database at: https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/#search at the time of quote submission. Submissions for this source sought shall be submitted by email no later than March 16th, 2026, at 10:00 am EST to all the following: Jalima.Jones@va.gov Sara.Vickroy@va.gov This notice is for planning purposes only and does not constitute a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract, nor does the Government intend to pay for any information submitted as a result of this notice. This Sources Sought Notice is part of a continuous process for obtaining the latest information on the commercial status of the industry with respect to their current and near-term abilities. The information provided herein is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for, or award, a competitive contract. It is emphasized that this is a notice solely for planning and informational purposes. 2.0 SCOPE The Physiologic Monitor Modules: Pulse Oximetry is a noninvasive patient monitoring system that continuously measures regional hemoglobin oxygen saturation specific tissues, such as the brain during anesthesia. It utilizes near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) technology through sensors placed on the skin, typically the forehead, to determine the balance between regional oxygen delivery and demand. The device's primary purpose is to provide clinicians with deeper insights into a patient's localized oxygen status, which general peripheral pulse oximetry alone might miss. By detecting regional hypoxemia (low oxygen levels) in vital organs, the O3 oximeter helps guide early clinical interventions. This additional information helps healthcare providers make more informed decisions to potentially improve patient outcomes during surgery or intensive care. The following Contract Line-Items Number (CLIN) are being considered: CLIN Manufacturer Part Number Description 0001 Masimo® 9515 Root Monitor 0002 Masimo® 9637 O3 Regional Oximeter Module 0003 Masimo® 3756 O3 Sensor, Adult (20/box) 0004 Masimo® 4575 O3 Module Clamp 0005 Curbell Medical 15785 Curbell Cable Tethers, 6" (12/box) 0006 Masimo® 300238 Root Roll Stand 0007 Masimo® 28814 DLMS Virtual Server 0008 Masimo® 27161 BAG ASSY, IRIS GTWY VIRTL APPL, V2.0.0.1 0009 Masimo® 27274 BAG ASY, IRIS GTWY VRT APPL, TST SVR,V2001 0010 Masimo® 101138 USB 1D/2D BARCODE READER 0011 Masimo® 3963 HL7, ADT, INTERFACE 0012 Masimo® 4526 HL7, NOTIFCATIONS 0013 Masimo® 3964 HL7, RESULTS OUT, INTERFACE 0014 Masimo® 2456 INSTALLATION SERVICES, SAFETY NET 0015 Masimo® 9712-LIC IRIS DCX PER BED LICENSE 0016 Masimo® 102-3Y IRIS SERVICE, 3 Yr 0017 Masimo® 2457 WIRELESS SITE SURVEY 0018 Masimo® 114-3Y CONCIERGE+ SERVICE PLAN FOR DEVICES, 3YR The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide Masimo® brand name or equal to Physiologic Monitor Modules: Pulse Oximetry as listed above or equal commodities which meet all the following salient characteristics (SCs): SC # SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS Applicable CLIN METHOD OF EVALUATION SC 1 Must provide continuous non-invasive Cerebral oxygen saturation (rSO ) values 0001- 0003 Literature Review SC 2 Must allow for placement of bilateral sensors to assess cerebral oxygenation. 0001- 0003 Literature Review SC 3 Must provide configurable alarms for cerebral desaturation thresholds. 0001 - 0002 Literature Review SC 4 Data Output/Connectivity Must support export of oximetry data for integration with hospital information systems (e.g., HL7, CIS/ARK, etc.). 0001, 0007, 0015 Literature Review SC 5 Regulatory Approval Must have FDA clearance for cerebral oximetry applications in anesthesiology and perioperative care. 0001 - 0003 Literature Review For each product (brand name and part number), the response must include descriptive literature demonstrating the product meets or exceeds the salient characteristics specified above. The Government's intent is to include all ancillary items to ensure the equipment can function as designed by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) and as clinically required. Vendors are encouraged to provide any product solution or configuration as long they meet the Salient Characteristic. Additionally, responses can include any additional product that may be beneficial. These items must be clearly identified by brand name and part number. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice shall include the following: Does vendor offer an annual service plan, Yes or No? If Yes: What does the plan cover? Does plan cover software updates only? Does the plan cover parts repair or replacement only? Does the plan cover both software and parts? Vendors are requested to provide documentation that shows information on their service plan. Is the service provided by the OEM or a subcontractor? Full name and address of company CAGE Code/ SAM UIE Business Size Manufacturer or Distributor If the distributor provides full name, business size and address of manufacturer. Country of Origin designation for all products Ability to provide uninterrupted supply of products on a national scale. Technical Literature that clearly shows product(s) meets the identified salient characteristics and page numbers where each salient characteristic is met. Any additional product solution or configuration that would be beneficial to the clinical functionality of the product line identified. Authorized Distributor Letter Certified by OEM with a current date. Although not required, vendors responding to this Sources Sought may also submit a Capabilities Statement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jalima J. Jones
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Jalima.Jones@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/65d40b0c40ff4406b35ec3e7fdb9473b/view)