---
layout: default
title: MAPS RFP Draft 5, Virtual Listening Session & Survey!
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 1489a9bede64492a9c402a7df5d6208e
---

# MAPS RFP Draft 5, Virtual Listening Session & Survey!

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 12:01:41.203-04
- Solicitation Number: W15P7T-25-R-MAPS

## Summary

UPDATE 7: The Conversation Continues with MAPS RFP Draft 5, Virtual Listening Session & Survey! The Government is happy to announce that after thorough review and consideration of Industry's input, we have refined our acquisition criteria and are releasing Draft 5 of the MAPS RFP for your review and collaboration. We are also pleased to announce a Virtual Listening Session, happening THIS THURSDAY, March 12th, at 1:00 PM EST. This will be your opportunity to hear us walk-through the current draft to gain an understanding of what has changed and why! The link to join is attached to this SAM posting. Finally and most importantly, the Government needs your support in answering the survey attached in the below section of this posting. It will be a link to our Microsoft Form survey. The results will be vital in shaping the Final RFP, so please ensure answers are complete and accurate. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ UPDATE 6: The slides from the January 28th ACC-APG Industry Update and MAPS Industry Day are now post. The Q&A from the Industy Update is also posted. The Q&A from the MAPS Inudstry Update will be posted at a later date. REMINDER: ALL ANSWERS POSTED ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE. This is an informal discussion and non-binding. The Contracting Officer is ultimately responsible for the communication relating to specific solicitations. Always rely on the solicitation language. UPDATE 5: Thank you to our Industry and Government Partners for a successful Industry Day. We have received resounding feedback and great thought-provoking questions in which the Government will thoroughly review and consider. Some preliminary adjustments on the horizon include: Inclusion and criteria for "Emerging Large Businesses", The ability for applicable Offerors to leverage subcontract experience for qualifying projects, Refinement of outcome-based service requirements for our Commercial-Sector Vendors; and, Refinement of Off-Ramp terms. With this, please stay tuned and note the timelines presented at Industry Day will be changed. The Government intends to release another draft and final RFP within this next quarter. A new timeline will be provided at that time. UPDATE 4: In light of inclement weather conditions and in consideration of the safety of all participants, the Government has decided to transition the upcoming MAPS/Industry Update scheduled for January 28th to a virtual-only event. Please use the link provided below to access the event. https://dod.teams.microsoft.us/l/meetup-join/19%3adod%3ameeting_c0fdb6cbc1b044469f955829d29934b3%40thread.v2/0?context=%7B%22Tid%22%3A%22fae6d70f-954b-4811-92b6-0530d6f84c43%22%2C%22Oid%22%3A%22947008e3-760f-4943-813a-ab58d9b627d8%22%2C%22IsBroadcastMeeting%22%3Atrue%2C%22role%22%3A%22a%22%7D&btype=a&role=a We kindly request that any questions or comments pertaining to Draft 4 be submitted by January 27th at 2:00 PM EST. These will be addressed during the virtual Industry Update. UPDATE 3: Please find attached the updated MAPS Draft RFP, along with the relevant supporting documents and a link to the Q&A section. We kindly request that any questions or comments regarding this latest Draft 4 be submitted no later than January 27th at 2:00 PM EST. These will be addressed during the upcoming Industry Update. Regarding the in-person event, our team is closely monitoring the weather. At this time, there are no changes to the event's status. Should there be any updates, we will inform you promptly. As a reminder, we highly encourage carpooling and recommend arriving early, as security procedures at the gate can take longer on event days. For details on pre-registering for gate access, please visit: https://home.army.mil/apg/about/visitor-information/ UPDATE 2: NO CONFIRMATION EMAIL WILL BE RECEIVED AFTER YOU REGISTER. We highly suggest carpooling and to arrive early, as there can be a longer process to get through the gate on event days. Details for pre-registering for gate access: https://home.army.mil/apg/about/visitor-information/ UPDATE: THE IN PERSON EVENT IS AT FULL CAPACITY AT THIS TIME. NO MORE IN PERSON REGISTRATIONS CAN BE ACCEPTED. THANK YOU! Thank you for your unwavering support and continued engagement in ACC-APG's upcoming opportunities. We are pleased to announce that after careful consideration the Government has decided to PROCEED forward with the MAPS acquisition! We are also excited to announce an upcoming industry event scheduled for 28 January 2026. Please see the attached flyer for details of the event and registration instructions. This will be a no-cost event and is open to industry and government. All attendees must register for either in-person or virtual participation. Please see the below links to submit questions for the respective MAPS or Industry Update portions. **In-person participation will be limited. Only two (2) representatives per company will be permitted to register for in-person attendance.** This announcement is in accordance with FAR 15.201 and does not constitute a formal solicitation for proposals or proposal abstracts. The APBI presentation is intended to provide information to industry and government without the promise of a current or future contract. Attendance is voluntary and is not required to propose to any potential solicitation. The government will not provide reimbursement for any costs incurred to participate in this event as an audience member.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: ACC-APG Email Box
  - Email: usarmy.apg.acc.mbx.acc-apg-maps-contracting-office@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1489a9bede64492a9c402a7df5d6208e/view)