---
layout: default
title: SOURCES SOUGHT for PLA - Flood Risk Management Project for Milton, WV
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 3f374d7727f64c35a0c59e98ad78f2f0
---

# SOURCES SOUGHT for PLA - Flood Risk Management Project for Milton, WV

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-23 14:28:15.642-04
- Solicitation Number: W91237-26-X-1BLY

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought notice is issued for market research purposes by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Huntington District to address the potential use of Project Labor Agreements for a large scale construction project exceeding $35 million in Milton, WV for the Lower Mud River Flood Damage Reduction Project. This notice does not constitute a solicitation announcement nor does it restrict the Government to a specific acquisition approach. Summary of Scope of Work: The Milton, WV Flood Risk Management Project aims to provide flood risk reduction and management to the residences and businesses of Milton, West Virginia. The area has a history of flooding dating back to the early 1900s with several large flood events on record, creating public safety issues and economic damage. The project is designed to significantly reduce flood risk to most of the City of Milton by constructing a levee and rerouting part of the river to provide benefits to over 600 structures including residences and businesses, along with protection of public structures, personal property, and critical infrastructure. The project will require heavy construction for earthwork, underground seepage barrier, cast-in-place concrete, buildings, utilities, slope protection, and environmental mitigation. Plan Features – designed for 4% annual chance of exceedance (250-year return frequency) Earthen Levee Construction: This project includes the construction of approximately 6,800 linear feet of earthen levee. A key feature is a full-depth soil bentonite seepage barrier (variable depth to bedrock approximately 20’ to 40’) and a managed overtopping section, requiring expertise in large-scale earthmoving and geotechnical engineering. Concrete Floodwall and Structures: Approximately 1,500 linear feet of concrete floodwall will be built, with a full-depth sheetpile for reinforcement (variable depth to bedrock approximately 20’ to 40’) with the exception of two sections where a toe drain will be added. The project also includes a stop log closure structure at Bill Blenko Drive, demanding skilled concrete and structural work. Pumping and Water Management Systems: Two pump stations will be installed with a capacity of 87,000 GPM (Johns Branch) and 19,000 GPM (Newmans Branch). Each pump station will have a gravity culvert, gatewell, and discharge lines up and over the levee. This, along with five gravity outfalls, involves significant mechanical, electrical, and plumbing trades for the installation and excavation of associated ponding areas. River Channel Relocation and Modification: A significant portion of the project involves the relocation of approximately 1,200 linear feet of the Mud River, which will be shortened to a new 800-foot channel. This work also includes channel geometry benching, requiring expertise in river engineering and heavy excavation. Utility and Infrastructure Relocation: The project necessitates the relocation of the city's raw water intake and a low-flow weir. This, along with other unspecified utility relocations, will require coordination and execution by various utility contractors. Environmental Mitigation and Slope Protection: The plan incorporates environmental mitigation features to offset the project's impact to vegetation, wetlands, and aquatic resources. Additionally, stone slope protection will be installed, requiring knowledge of environmental regulations and specialized slope stabilization techniques. PROJECT LABOR AGREEMENT INQUIRIES: Please submit responses to the following: If a solicitation is issued, are you willing to enter into and submit a Project Labor Agreement (PLA) prior to any potential contract award if your firm is determined to be the apparent successful offeror? If not, please explain in detail why your firm is unwilling to participate in a PLA. If you have previously been party to a PLA, approximately how long did it take to negotiate the terms of the PLA? Did PLA negotiation delay the construction start? If so, by how long? Do you believe requiring a PLA will increase contract costs or contribute to cost savings? Why or why not? And how? To what extent will the requirement to use a PLA impact your interest in the project, and do you anticipate the requirement to use a PLA will translate to an insignificant or substantial increase in project cost? If so, what percentage of increase could be expected as a result of requiring a PLA? Do you believe the project can only be completed by a limited pool of contractors or subcontractors? Please explain in detail. Do you think requiring a PLA will increase contract risk? Why or why not? And how? Do you have knowledge that a PLA has been used in the local area on projects of this kind? If so, please provide supporting documentation. Are you aware of any skilled labor shortages in the area for the crafts that will be needed to complete the referenced project? If so, please elaborate and provide supporting documentation where possible. Are you aware of any time-sensitive issues or scheduling requirements that would affect the rate at which the referenced project should be completed? If so, please elaborate and provide supporting documentation where possible. Identify specific reasons why or how you believe a PLA would advance the Federal Government's interest in achieving economy and efficiency in Federal procurement. Identify any additional information you believe should be considered on the use of a PLA on the referenced project. Identify specific reasons why you do not believe a PLA would advance the Federal Government's interest in achieving economy and efficiency in Federal procurement. Identify any additional information you believe should be considered on the non-use of a PLA on the referenced project. Please provide any information about the availability of relevant unions, as well as unionized and non-unionized contractors in the project area. Is it difficult to recruit or retain a skilled workforce in the anticipated work location? Please respond to this notice before 3:00PM on 22 May 2026. Submit your response to: Ms. Kristen Smith, Contract Specialist, via email at kristen.n.smith@usace.army.mil Ms. Patrina Singleton, Contracting Officer, via email at patrina.g.singleton@usace.army.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kristen Smith
  - Email: kristen.n.smith@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 3043995337
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Patrina Singleton
  - Email: patrina.g.singleton@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 3043996936

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3f374d7727f64c35a0c59e98ad78f2f0/view)