---
layout: default
title: GVPM LABS OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE RFI
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 612f9cf8133a48df852b90950c923df5
---

# GVPM LABS OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE RFI

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-23 16:25:22.164-04
- Solicitation Number: GVPM_LABS_OPERATIONS_AND_MAINTENANCE_RFI

## Summary

THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION ONLY AND IS NOT AN INVITATION FOR BIDS (IFB), A REQUEST FOR QUOTE (RFQ), A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP), OR AN ANNOUNCEMENT OF A FORTHCOMING SOLICITATION. AS SUCH, YOUR RESPONSE IS NOT AN OFFER. NO SOLICITATION DOCUMENT EXISTS AT THIS TIME AND RESPONDERS WILL NOT BE PLACED ON A SOLICITATION MAILING LIST. PROVIDING A RESPONSE TO THIS NOTICE IS COMPLETELY VOLUNTARY AND NO REIMBURSEMENT WILL BE MADE FOR ANY COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH PROVIDING INFORMATION IN RESPONSE TO THIS REQUEST OR ANY FOLLOW-ON REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION. THE GOVERNMENT WILL NOT RANK SUBMITTALS OR PROVIDE ANY REPLY TO INTERESTED FIRMS. The Army Contracting Command-Detroit Arsenal (ACC-DTA) is issuing this Request for Information (RFI) announcement (also referred to as a Sources Sought Notice) as part of a market survey to determine the level of interest among qualified small and large business contractors to provide operations and maintenance services to the United States (U.S.) Army Combat Capabilities Development Command (DEVCOM) Ground Vehicle Systems Center (GVSC). This requirement is in support of the Ground Vehicle Powertrain and Mobility Division (GVPM) located at the Detroit Arsenal (DTA) in Warren, Michigan. DESCRIPTION OF EFFORT: This effort requires the furnishing of professional services to assist the GVPM Division in fulfilling its overriding mission of providing Research, Development, Test, and Engineering (RDT&E) support of everything needed to power and move the U.S. Army’s ground systems. It is anticipated that the contractor will provide repair, upgrade, calibration, and preventive maintenance in support of testing activities. Additionally, the contractor will perform equipment removal, reconfiguration, and/or installation in support of testing activities and facility operations. Execution of these services will also call for the handling and disposal of hazard materials, including but not limited to lubricant materials, asbestos, and chemicals for water cooling systems. DEVCOM GVSC is interested in responses from companies that have experience the repair, calibration and maintenance of test equipment, as well as modifications and reconfigurations of test equipment and facility modifications. Specific work areas may include (but are not limited to): Equipment Maintenance and Facility Modifications Power Distribution up to 4800V Dynamometers and Load Banks up to 1500kW Plumbing Industrial Heating Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC) Oil/water cooling systems Testing Equipment and Facility Operations Maintenance and Repair Performing emergency repairs on over one hundred pieces of laboratory equipment and systems within GVPM laboratories and facilities. Equipment includes, but is not limited to, dynamometers, environmental chambers, water cooling systems, water treatment systems, steam and compressed air systems, load banks, energy storage systems, data acquisition systems, and ventilation systems. The referenced laboratory equipment will be included via Attachment 0001-Lab Equipment. Disclaimer: Reference herein to any specific commercial company, product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United States Government or the Department of the Army (DoA). The opinions of the authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of United States Government or the DoA and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes. Performing Preventive Maintenance (PM) and Calibration in accordance with the Operations and Maintenance (O&M) requirements on GVPM equipment. Equipment includes, but is not limited to, load banks, steam and compressed air systems, and industrial cooling systems. Performing vibration measurements and analysis on GVPM Equipment. Performing removal, reconfiguration, and/or installation of testing instrumentation in support of testing activities. Equipment includes, but is not limited to, load banks, ventilation and cooling systems, plumbing, and electrical wiring. Handling and disposition of hazardous materials including, but not limited to, lubricant materials (e.g. oils and greases), asbestos, and chemicals for water cooling systems. Performing facility reconfiguration in support of testing activities. This may include facility design and modification, e.g. architectural, structural, electrical, mechanical, and fire protection systems, in accordance with all applicable building, safety, environmental, and other Government regulations. The performance of services under these work areas is expected to require (i) the consideration of cost variables and affordability issues; and (ii) the conduct of cost/technical trade-off analyses. The work primarily applies to Department of War (DoW) ground vehicles and support equipment. RESPONSES: If you consider your organization capable of providing comprehensive preventive maintenance and repair support services to the GVPM Division as set forth above, please respond to this RFI with the following information: 1) A brief description of your company, including the name of your organization, mailing address, website, Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), and Tax ID Number. 2) Your organization’s size category for each of the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) codes provided below (please visit https://www.sba.gov/document/support-table-size-standards for more information, if needed): NAICS Code: 541330 Engineering Services 3) The business status of your company (Socio-Economic Factors: 8(a), HUBZone, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, etc.). 4) Past Engineering/Technical Support Contracts: Please list no more than two (in total) Government contracts that your company has had over the past three years for work that is similar in whole or in part to the GVPM service support requirements as described above; For each of the two similar contracts, please cite the contract number, dollar value, and Point of Contact (POC), and give a brief description of what the contract was for. The majority (50% or greater) of the experience identified should be derived directly from your company rather than from another business concern that your company may have been partnered or teamed with. 5) Capability Statement: Please explain, in two pages or less, your company’s capabilities, emphasizing how they correspond to the elements of GVPM service support noted above. Please specifically emphasize your firm’s experience level and ability to perform the following services: A. Designing, troubleshooting, and repairing vehicle environmental test chambers capable of simulating environment conditions from -60 degrees Fahrenheit (degF) to 160 degF, up to 60 miles per hour (mph) air speeds, relative humidity control, and simulated solar conditions. B. The use of Syltherm on large, two-stage chiller applications, to include design, troubleshooting, and repairing the system to maintain operations. C. Troubleshooting and repairing various refrigeration systems and associated troubleshooting and repairing environmental test chambers. D. Integrating, troubleshooting, and repairing dynamometers (up to 1500 horsepower (HP)), power recycling, and load banks encompassing a range from 250 to 3500 kilowatt (kW) systems, coupled with vehicle and/or vehicle components. E. Troubleshooting and repairing calorimeter tunnels, including the modification of calorimeter control systems to tune flow conditions through nozzles and maintain operation of associated system components. F. Troubleshooting and repairing regenerative power equipment (such as alternating current (AC) dynamometers and bi-directional power recycling machines), and integration of this equipment with facility infrastructure. Please provide instances of repair or modification of such systems to provide safe operation. G. Integration, troubleshooting, calibration, and repair of fuel cell and hydrogen testing apparatuses, including the control of air flow and the integration of safety measures such as gas detection. H. Integration, troubleshooting, and repair of facility infrastructure, such as electrical distribution systems, plumbing, HVAC systems, water cooling and treatment systems, heat exchangers, air fans and pumps, high and low pressure steam systems, and compressed air systems, in accordance with all applicable building, safety, and environmental regulations. I. Facility design and reconfiguration, e.g. architectural, structural, electrical, mechanical, and fire protection systems, as well as experience in handling hazardous materials, in accordance with all applicable building, safety, and environmental regulations. The work primarily applies to the GVSC Ground Vehicle Powertrain and Mobility (GVPM) Test & Evaluations (T&E) Laboratories. Please specify in your response the extent to which your organization would be capable of performing all facets of the effort without reliance on partners or other entities. 6) Subcontracting and Teaming Availability: Would you be interested in subcontracting opportunities under the effort described above? 7) Potential Offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to conduct business with the Government. RESPONSES DUE: Interested organizations may submit their capabilities and qualifications to perform the effort in writing to the identified point of contact no later than 5:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 7 May 2026. Please submit your response to Adam Wingo at adam.w.wingo.civ@army.mil and Derek Ghilardi at derek.j.ghilardi.civ@army.mil. Please format the subject line of the response email as follows: “Response to GVPM Preventative Maintenance and Repair Request for Information – [Your Organization Name].” All interested parties and organizations are encouraged to respond to this RFI. All material submitted in response to this RFI must be unclassified and properly marked. No manufacturer/distributor shall be given a copy of another manufacturer’s/distributor’s product information collected as a result of this RFI.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Derek Ghilardi
  - Email: derek.j.ghilardi.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Adam Wingo
  - Email: adam.w.wingo.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: -Lab Equipment. Disclaimer: Reference herein to any specific commercial company, product, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United States Government or the Department of the Army (DoA). The opinions of the authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of United States Government or the DoA and shall not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes. Performing Preventive Maintenance (PM) and Calibration in accordance with the Operations and Maintenance (O&M) requirements on GVPM equipment. Equipment includes, but is not limited to, load banks, steam and compressed air systems, and industrial cooling systems. Performing vibration measurements and analysis on GVPM Equipment. Performing removal, reconfiguration, and/or installation of testing instrumentation in support of testing activities. Equipment includes, but is not limited to, load banks, ventilation and cooling systems, plumbing, and electrical wiring. Handling and disposition of hazardous materials including, but not limited to, lubricant materials (e.g. oils and greases), asbestos, and chemicals for water cooling systems. Performing facility reconfiguration in support of testing activities. This may include facility design and modification, e.g. architectural, structural, electrical, mechanical, and fire protection systems, in accordance with all applicable building, safety, environmental, and other Government regulations. The performance of services under these work areas is expected to require (i) the consideration of cost variables and affordability issues; and (ii) the conduct of cost/technical trade-off analyses. The work primarily applies to Department of War (DoW) ground vehicles and support equipment. RESPONSES: If you consider your organization capable of providing comprehensive preventive maintenance and repair support services to the GVPM Division as set forth above, please respond to this RFI with the following information: 1) A brief description of your company, including the name of your organization, mailing address, website, Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), and Tax ID Number. 2) Your organization’s size category for each of the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) codes provided below (please visit https://www.sba.gov/document/support-table-size-standards for more information, if needed): NAICS Code: 541330 Engineering Services 3) The business status of your company (Socio-Economic Factors: 8(a), HUBZone, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, etc.). 4) Past Engineering/Technical Support Contracts: Please list no more than two (in total) Government contracts that your company has had over the past three years for work that is similar in whole or in part to the GVPM service support requirements as described above; For each of the two similar contracts, please cite the contract number, dollar value, and Point of Contact (POC), and give a brief description of what the contract was for. The majority (50% or greater) of the experience identified should be derived directly from your company rather than from another business concern that your company may have been partnered or teamed with. 5) Capability Statement: Please explain, in two pages or less, your company’s capabilities, emphasizing how they correspond to the elements of GVPM service support noted above. Please specifically emphasize your firm’s experience level and ability to perform the following services: A. Designing, troubleshooting, and repairing vehicle environmental test chambers capable of simulating environment conditions from -60 degrees Fahrenheit (degF) to 160 degF, up to 60 miles per hour (mph) air speeds, relative humidity control, and simulated solar conditions. B. The use of Syltherm on large, two-stage chiller applications, to include design, troubleshooting, and repairing the system to maintain operations. C. Troubleshooting and repairing various refrigeration systems and associated troubleshooting and repairing environmental test chambers. D. Integrating, troubleshooting, and repairing dynamometers (up to 1500 horsepower (HP)), power recycling, and load banks encompassing a range from 250 to 3500 kilowatt (kW) systems, coupled with vehicle and/or vehicle components. E. Troubleshooting and repairing calorimeter tunnels, including the modification of calorimeter control systems to tune flow conditions through nozzles and maintain operation of associated system components. F. Troubleshooting and repairing regenerative power equipment (such as alternating current (AC) dynamometers and bi-directional power recycling machines), and integration of this equipment with facility infrastructure. Please provide instances of repair or modification of such systems to provide safe operation. G. Integration, troubleshooting, calibration, and repair of fuel cell and hydrogen testing apparatuses, including the control of air flow and the integration of safety measures such as gas detection. H. Integration, troubleshooting, and repair of facility infrastructure, such as electrical distribution systems, plumbing, HVAC systems, water cooling and treatment systems, heat exchangers, air fans and pumps, high and low pressure steam systems, and compressed air systems, in accordance with all applicable building, safety, and environmental regulations. I. Facility design and reconfiguration, e.g. architectural, structural, electrical, mechanical, and fire protection systems, as well as experience in handling hazardous materials, in accordance with all applicable building, safety, and environmental regulations. The work primarily applies to the GVSC Ground Vehicle Powertrain and Mobility (GVPM) Test & Evaluations (T&E) Laboratories. Please specify in your response the extent to which your organization would be capable of performing all facets of the effort without reliance on partners or other entities. 6) Subcontracting and Teaming Availability: Would you be interested in subcontracting opportunities under the effort described above? 7) Potential Offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to conduct business with the Government. RESPONSES DUE: Interested organizations may submit their capabilities and qualifications to perform the effort in writing to the identified point of contact no later than 5:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 7 May 2026. Please submit your response to Adam Wingo at adam.w.wingo.civ@army.mil and Derek Ghilardi at derek.j.ghilardi.civ@army.mil. Please format the subject line of the response email as follows: “Response to GVPM Preventative Maintenance and Repair Request for Information – [Your Organization Name].” All interested parties and organizations are encouraged to respond to this RFI. All material submitted in response to this RFI must be unclassified and properly marked. No manufacturer/distributor shall be given a copy of another manufacturer’s/distributor’s product information collected as a result of this RFI

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/612f9cf8133a48df852b90950c923df5/view)