---
layout: default
title: Middlesboro Flood Protection Project - Mowing Services Contract
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: da129f1262614c54932f974673f0bc78
---

# Middlesboro Flood Protection Project - Mowing Services Contract

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-21 08:19:25.741-04
- Solicitation Number: W912P526QSJC2

## Summary

Request for Information: The Government is issuing this Request for Information to determine a competitive basis for the procurement described. This is not a solicitation. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this survey. This survey is for market research purposes only. Only contractors capable of performing this type of work should respond to this Request for Information. Requirement: The contractor’s work and responsibility shall include, but shall not be limited to, planning, programming, administration, management, supervision, and inspection necessary to ensure that services are conducted in accordance with the contract and applicable laws, regulations, codes, or directives. The contractor shall ensure that work meets or exceeds the requirements stated in this contract. The contractor shall perform contractor related administrative services necessary to perform the work. Background. The work consists of furnishing labor, equipment, vehicles, tools, supplies, and materials necessary to mow and trim the grounds on and around the Middlesboro Flood Protection Project (MFPP). Locations and mowing limits of the areas are shown on the site maps in Exhibits B through G and may be seen at the pre-bid site visit. These acres are approximate and are provided as information only to assist in the preparation of proposal. It is the responsibility of the contractor to verify volumes and quantities by on-site review. General mowing specifications apply to all areas. Working Hours. Normal working hours shall be 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. except as approved in advance by the Contracting Officer’s Authorized Representative (COR). Permits and Licenses. The contractor shall, at their own expense, obtain any licenses or permits required to perform the contract. The Contractor shall comply with current federal, state, and local laws and regulations and shall comply with any subsequent changes. Insurance. The contractor is required to purchase adequate insurance to cover all of their operations. A minimum of $500,000 General Liability Coverage is required. Identification of Contract Employees and Vehicles. The contractor shall furnish his/her regular employees with a company identification patch on the breast pocket or on sleeve at the top of the arm. T-shirts with company logo/identification on the breast or back of the shirt are also acceptable. The contractor’s vehicles and equipment shall be identified with the company name prominently displayed (minimum two-inch letter) on the outside of the equipment. Identification of personnel and vehicles shall be accomplished within 30 days of award of contract. Environmental and Safety Requirements. If the contractor fails or refuses to comply with safety requirements as specified herein the COR may issue an order stopping all or part of the work until satisfactory corrective action has been taken. No part of the time lost due to any such stoppage shall be made subject to claim for extension of time or for excess costs or damages to the contractor. Also, the contractor will not be paid for work not performed because of the stop order. Work shall not resume until the contractor provides evidence to the COR that he/she has complied with or will comply with appropriate safety regulations. The contractor shall comply with current provisions of the Environmental Review Guide for Operations (ERGO), Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA) in addition to the standards of the Corps of Engineers Manual, EM 385-1-1, “Safety and Health Requirements Manual”. An activity hazard analysis shall be prepared for all work and submitted along with the safety plan. The contractor shall provide all necessary safety equipment, tools and signs as may be required. Accident Reports. The Contractor shall maintain an accurate record of and shall report to the COR in the manner and on the forms prescribed by the Corps, accidents within 24 hours of the occurrence. Serious accidents (those resulting in death or injury requiring medical attention) shall be reported immediately. Damage Reports. In instances where government property and/or equipment is damaged by contract employees, a full report of the incident and the extent of such damage shall be submitted to the COR, within 2 workdays (less weekends or holidays) of the occurrence. Damage or other vandalism discovered by the Contractor shall be promptly reported to the COR. Any item of value found on the work site shall be placed in custody of the COR for return to the owner. Damage or Loss of Contractor’s Supplies and Property. The Contractor is responsible for taking the action necessary to protect Contractor supplies, materials and equipment, and the personal property of Contractor employees from loss, damage or theft. The Government assumes no responsibility for theft, damage, etc., of the above. All incidents of theft (or suspected theft) of contractor materials, supplies, or equipment from project lands shall be reported to the COR. Superintendent. The Contractor shall act as or provide a superintendent physically present on-site whenever the work specified herein is being performed. The superintendent shall conduct overall management coordination and be the central point of contact with the government for performance of the work under this contract. The superintendent and any individual designated to act for him/her shall have full authority to contractually commit the Contractor for prompt action on matters pertaining to the administration of this contract. Such authorization of the superintendent shall be submitted in writing to the COR. The superintendent shall deal directly with the COR or a designated contractor representative, for normal day-to-day administration of the contract provisions. The Contractor shall furnish in writing to the COR the name(s) of the superintendent(s) for on-the-job purposes. The superintendent shall be required to attend a pre-work conference at Martins Fork Lake Field Office or another suitable location. The Contractor or his/her superintendent shall contact the COR, or his designated representative daily or less frequently as deemed necessary by the COR to coordinate his work schedule and performance. The superintendent, or a designated representative, shall attend all regularly scheduled meetings. The contractor shall submit a communications plan that addresses day-to-day and emergency communications with the superintendent. Performance Evaluation Meetings. The Contractor, the Superintendent, or both, shall meet with the COR (or a designated representative) as determined necessary by the COR. However, a meeting shall be held not later than one normal workday after a Contract Discrepancy Report (CDR) is issued. Mutual effort will be made to resolve problems identified. The COR will make a written evaluation of the contractor’s performance after each mowing or clearing for the contract record. Period of Performance: The Period of Performance is Base plus Four (4) Option Years. Place of Performance: The work area is located along Bennett’s Fork from the Winchester Avenue Railroad Bridge to its confluence with Yellow Creek. NAICS: The anticipated NAICS code for this requirement is 561730 (Landscaping Services) with a size standard of $9,500,000. Survey: Please send responses to the Market Survey to Samantha Clay at Samantha.J.Clay@usace.army.mil and Kenyanna Jennings at Kenyanna.L.Jennings@usace.army.mil by 12:00PM CT on April 28, 2026. Name of Firm: CAGE: Point of Contact (include email address) Are you classified as a small business under any of the following NAICS code: 561730 (Landscaping Services) 5. If this requirement is advertised, do you anticipate submitting a quote? 6. List three (3) projects completed within ten (10) years of the date of this notice that demonstrates experience with Landscaping Services: 1. Project Name / General Description: Contract Number (if applicable): Dollar Amount: 2. Project Name / General Description: Contract Number (if applicable): Dollar Amount: 3. Project Name / General Description: Contract Number (if applicable): Dollar Amount:

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Samantha Clay
  - Email: samantha.j.clay@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 6153300089

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/da129f1262614c54932f974673f0bc78/view)