---
layout: default
title: Cryostatic Cooling Device
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 3a426cc536aa40e684d07fd75f9a9d6c
---

# Cryostatic Cooling Device

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 08:49:06.841-04
- Solicitation Number: 1232SA26Q0358

## Summary

Description - Post the information in this section in the description block in SAM. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Quotations are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 1232SA26Q0358 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) for Procurement of a Cryostatic Cooling Device. This acquisition is not set-aside for small business concerns. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 334516 The small business size standard is 1,000 Employees This acquisition is an unrestricted requirement. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. Statement of Requirement Please provide a quotation for the a Cryostatic Cooling Device based on the attached specifications. Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and United States Department of Agriculture Acquisition Regulation (AGAR) Clauses and Provisions The clauses and provisions contained herein are applicable to any order awarded as a result of this solicitation. The terms and conditions set forth herein supersede all other terms and conditions. Acceptance of the order in accordance with (IAW) FAR 12.201-1(b)(2) constitutes acceptance of all terms and conditions contained herein. As part of the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO), system updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in this solicitation. Contracting officers will rely on representations from offers based on provisions in the solicitation. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference Feb 1998 This solicitation incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also the full text of the clause may be accessed electronically at Internet address https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I (Nov 2025) of 52.212-4 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I (Nov 2025) of 52.222-50 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (May 2024) 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) 52.233-3 Protest After Award (Sep 2025) 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Sep 2025) 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I (Nov 2025) of 52.240-91 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025) The following clauses are applicable if checked: ? 52.203-6 Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (Jun 2020) with Alternate I (Nov 2021) of 52.203-6 ? 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) ? 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Jan 2011 ? 52.204-13 System for Award Management—Maintenance (Nov 2025) ? 52.204-91 Contractor identification (Nov 2025) ? 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment (Sep 2025) ? 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (Sep 2025) ? 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Sep 2025) ? 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (Nov 2025) ? 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Aside (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I (Mar 2020). ? 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Nov 2025) ? 52.219-9 Small Business Subcontracting Plan (Nov 2025) ? Alternate III (Nov 2025) of 52.219-9. ? Alternate IV (Nov 2025) of 52.219-9 ? 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (Nov 2025) ? 52.219-16 Liquidated Damages—Subcontracting Plan (Nov 2025) ? 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-3 Convict Labor (June 2003) ? 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I (Jul 2014) of 52.222-35 ? 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I (Jul 2014) of 52.222-36 ? 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (Dec 2010 ? 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) ? 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014) This Statement is for Information Only: It is not a Wage Determination Employee Class Monetary Wage -- Fringe Benefits ? 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards -- Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (Aug 2018) ? 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards -- Price Adjustment (May 2014) ? 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) ? 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2022) ? 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items (May 2008) ? Alternate I (May 2008) of 52.223-9 ? 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons (Nov 2025) ? 52.223-12 Maintenance, Service, Repair, or Disposal of Refrigeration Equipment and Air Conditioners (Nov 2025) ? 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services ? 52.224-3 Privacy Training (Jan 2017) ? Alternate I (Jan 2017) of 52.224-3 ? 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I (Oct 2022) of 52.225-1 ? 52.225-3 Buy American--Free Trade Agreements--Israeli Trade Act (Nov 2025) ? Alternate II (Nov 2025) of 52.225-3. ? Alternate III (Nov 2025) of 52.225-3. ? Alternate IV (Oct 2022) of 52.225-3 ? 52.225-5 Trade Agreements (Nov 2023) ? 52.225-19 Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States (May 2020) ? 52.225-26 Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States (Oct 2016) ? 52.226-4 Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside (Nov 2007) ? 52.226-5 Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area (Aug 2025) ? 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements ? 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Purchases of Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) ? 52.232-30 Installment Payments for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) ? 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer— System for Award Management (Oct 2018) ? 52.232-34 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—Other Than System for Award Management (Jul 2013) ? 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party (Nov 2025) ? 52.240-92 Security Requirements (Nov 2025) ? 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems (No 2025) ? 52.247-64 Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I (Apr 2023) of 52.247-64. ? Alternate II (Nov 2021) of 52.247-64 Other Applicable Clauses 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications (Dec 2014) 52.247-34 F.O.B. Destination (Jan 1991) AGAR Clauses 452.222-71 Anti-Discrimination and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Compliance (Dec 2025) (a) By entering into this contract, the Contractor certifies that: 1. It is compliant with all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws and the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution, and it will remain compliant for the duration of the contract. 2. Neither it nor any subcontractor or teaming partner operates or funds any program, policy, or initiative that promotes DEI in a manner that violates any applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws, including but not limited to Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, or the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution, and the Contractor and any subcontractor or teaming partner will not do so for the duration of the contract. (b) If the Contractor participates in, facilitates, or funds programs that implicate Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, as amended, including but not limited to grants to or for schools, colleges, universities, 4-H programs, non-governmental organization (NGO) programs, sports programs, and education-related grants to prisons or other detention facilities, the Contractor certifies that it will remain compliant with those laws, including the requirements set forth in Executive Order 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government, and Executive Order 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity. (c) The Contractor affirms that the above requirements are conditions of payment that go to the essence of the contract and are therefore material terms of the contract. Payments under the contract are predicated on compliance with the above requirements, and therefore the Contractor is not eligible for funding under the contract or to retain any funding under the contract absent compliance with the above requirements. (d) This certification reflects a change in the Government’s position regarding the materiality of the foregoing requirements and therefore any prior payment of similar claims does not reflect the materiality of the foregoing requirements to this contract. (e) Submission of a knowing false statement relating to Contractor’s compliance with the above requirements and/or eligibility for the contract may subject the Contractor to liability under the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. § 3729, and/or criminal liability, including under 18 U.S.C. §§ 287 and 1001. (f) The Contractor must include the provisions of this clause in all subcontract solicitations. (g) Failure on the part of the Contractor or its subcontractors to comply with the terms of this clause may be grounds for the Contracting Officer to terminate this contract for default. (End of Clause) 452.211-74 Delivery Instructions - Commodity Procurement As prescribed in 411.301-71 (a)(1) and (b)(1), insert the following clause: 452.211-74 Delivery Instructions - Commodity Procurement (Sep 2025) The Government will issue electronic purchase orders in WBSCM and notify the contractor via email. The contractor must ensure it can receive emails during the contract and maintain an accurate email address on file. The Government is not responsible for email receipt failures due to contractor equipment or software issues. The Government reserves the right to also issue Purchase Orders by alternative methods, including fax or regular mail. (End of clause) 452.211-75 Advance Shipment Notice (ASN) and Unloading Appointment As prescribed in 411.301-71 (a)(2), insert the following clause: 452.211-75 Advance Shipment Notice (ASN) and Unloading Appointment (Sep 2025) (a) The Contractor shall enter a WBSCM advanced shipment notice (ASN) on or before the shipment date. Contractors are encouraged to create the ASN as soon as a delivery appointment is scheduled, but no less than 24 hours beforehand. Accurate information must be provided in the ASN, which alerts the recipient agency of the shipment. Advanced shipment notices shall include: Shipper’s name Commodity Sales Order or Requisition Number (SO or RN) Units per (SO or RN) Destination Purchase Order Number Ship date Mode of transportation. If truck, anticipated date of arrival. Note: USDA has provided an excel template in a comma delimited (csv) format that allows the Contractor to upload purchase order line items that will create multiple ASNs. (b) Creating the ASN does not exempt the Contractor or subcontractor from securing an unloading appointment, which is mandatory for all deliveries. (c) Delivery appointments shall be scheduled as far in advance of expected delivery as possible, but not less than 72 hours prior to delivery by contacting a responsible representative at the applicable Purchase Order Item’s Ship-to-Address for an unload appointment. Reference the Purchase Order (PO) Number, PO Item Number, and when provided, the Sales Order (SO) Number and SO Item Number for which the appointment is being scheduled. The contractor is fully responsible for any issues caused by failing to schedule or being late for appointments. (d) The Contractor may deliver early if the recipient agency agrees to accept early delivery, there is no additional cost to the Government, and upon AMS personnel being available to perform any necessary check loading and acceptance requirements, if applicable. (End of clause) 452.211-76 Regulatory Requirements for Commodities and Packaging - Domestic As prescribed in 411.301-71 (a)(3), insert the following clause: 452.211-76 Regulatory Requirements for Commodities and Packaging - Domestic Purchases (Sep 2025) (a) The commodity shall conform to the applicable provisions of the "Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act" (21 U.S.C. 301 et. seq.), as amended, and the relevant regulations, including applicable Food Safety Modernization Act regulations (FSMA), and sections in the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002 (the Bioterrorism Act). The contractor shall comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local laws, executive orders, rules, and regulations related to its performance under this contract. (b) All containers and packaging materials must meet FDA requirements for safe contact with food. The contractor must maintain documentation from the manufacturer to verify compliance with these requirements. Packaging and container materials from foreign countries shall not display country of origin labeling, such as "Made in [Foreign Country]" or "Product of [Foreign Country]." (c) All containers and packaging materials must comply with Coalition of Northeast Governors (CONEG) model legislation. The combined concentration of lead, cadmium, mercury, and/or hexavalent chromium must not exceed 100 parts per million. Concentration levels should be determined using American Standard of Testing Materials test methods, as revised or Environmental Protection Agency test methods for evaluating solid waste, S-W 846, as revised. (End of clause) 452.211-77 Commodity/Packaging Labeling Requirements As prescribed in 411.301-71 (a)(4), insert the following clause: 452.211-77 Commodity/Packaging Labeling Requirements (Sep 2025) (a) USDA Foods products must comply with all applicable FDA labeling requirements: https://www.fda.gov/media/81606/download and any additional features outlined in USDA Product Specifications & Requirements: https://www.ams.usda.gov/selling-food/product-specs. Any deviations from the labeling requirements in this section must be approved by the Contracting Officer, in writing, prior to start of production. Primary packaging labels or shipping containers with missing or incorrect information must be corrected before the product can be shipped. (b) PRIMARY PACKAGING (Immediate Container): FDA/USDA defines minimum label information on primary packaging: i. Company name ii. Company/Plant location or FSIS establishment number. iii. Food item iv. Ingredient list v. Allergen statement, as applicable vi. Nutrition Facts Panel (except for foodservice pack products) vii. Traceability code (see below) viii. Cooking/heating/handling instructions, as applicable Commercial labels must be the processor’s own retail label (e.g., commercially available off-the-shelf). Distributors’ labels are not allowed. If the vendor lacks a retail/consumer sales label, refer to the minimum color requirements, exclusive of the package color, in the commodity specifications. For products where the primary container hides the product, the label shall provide a visual representation of the food. Traceable Product Codes. Labeling and packaging shall meet all FDA and USDA requirements and include a traceable product code for recalls. The identification system must distinguish products made for USDA contracts from non-USDA products if the same commercial label is used for both. Nutrition Facts, Ingredients and Allergen statements. Consumer and individual sized containers must include a Nutrition Facts Panel, ingredients, and allergen statement. The ingredient statement must be listed separately from the name of the product, even for single-ingredient foods (e.g., Ingredients: ___). The allergen statement must comply with the Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act (FALCPA) and the Food Allergy Safety, Treatment, Education, and Research Act (FASTER Act) which define milk, eggs, fish, Crustacean shellfish, tree nuts, wheat, peanuts, soybeans, and sesame as well as any food ingredient that contains protein derived from one of these foods, with the exception of highly refined oils, as “major food allergens.”; e.g. Contains:_____ . Reporting Product Information to GS1 Global Data Synchronization Network (GDSN). Contractors are required to report product information to GS1’s GDSN for a select number of items purchased for the National School Lunch Program. The items that must be reported to GS1 GDSN are in the List of Required Products for GS1 GDSN Reporting, found at https://www.ams.usda.gov/selling-food/gs1-gdsn-overview. Contractors must report product information to GS1 GDSN within 20 days of receiving a contract award, if the contract includes items on the List of Required Products for GS1 GDSN Reporting. Note: USDA may request nutrition information, ingredient and allergen statements, and Child Nutrition Program crediting information for USDA Foods products that are not on the List of Required Products for GS1 GDSN Reporting. Contractors must provide this information through branded product information sheets, product brochures, or label images upon request. (d) SHIPPING CONTAINERS: Shipping containers/carton labels must include: i. USDA Material code ii. Purchase order number iii. Company name iv. Company/Plant location or FSIS establishment number v. Food item vi. Ingredient list vii. Allergen statement, as applicable viii. Nutrition Facts Panel (foodservice pack products only) ix. Traceability code x. UPC symbol/code (see below) xi. USDA Shield, when applicable Labeling and marking information must be water-fast, non-smearing, of a contrasting color, clear and readable. Information shall be preprinted, stamped, stenciled, or applied with a self-adhesive label on each shipping container. Refer to specification documents for sample layouts. Nutrition Facts, Ingredients and Allergen statements must be included on shipping containers when not required on the primary package. The ingredient statement must be listed separately from the name of the product, even for single-ingredient foods (e.g., Ingredients: ___). The allergen statement must comply with the Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act (FALCPA) and the Food Allergy Safety, Treatment, Education, and Research Act (FASTER Act) which define milk, eggs, fish, Crustacean shellfish, tree nuts, wheat, peanuts, soybeans, and sesame as well as any food ingredient that contains protein derived from one of these foods, with the exception of highly refined oils, as “major food allergens.”; e.g. Contains: UPC symbols/codes: i. The UPC, symbol and code, called Interleaved 2 of 5 (I 2/5), must appear on each shipping container. The complete code, including the check digit, must be printed in machine and human-readable form. The start and stop indicators will be included in the bar codes. Printing, readability, and scanability of the bar code must be in accordance with UPC guidelines published by: GS1 US Corporate Headquarters Princeton Pike Corporate Center 1009 Lenox Drive, Suite 202 Lawrenceville, NJ 08648 Phone: 609.620.0200 https://www.gs1us.org/what-we-do/about-gs1-us ii. USDA will provide unique processor identification codes for commodity contracts. This applies only to non-manufacturers of fruit and vegetable products without a corresponding commercial retail product. (f) Obliteration of Markings. The contractor shall prevent the appearance of these containers in commercial channels. Containers bearing Government contract markings, filled or unfilled, may cause the Government to incur expense in determining whether commodities have been diverted from authorized use and in answering inquiries. In cases of rejected products, overruns, or misprints, the contractor must obliterate official USDA markings that identify the container as part of a Government contract. (g) Inventory Control Information. The processor may add inventory control information (including barcodes) on the shipping container, provided it does not cover or conflict with labeling requirements. (End of clause) 452.211-78 Compensation for Delays in Delivery As prescribed in 411.301-71 (a)(5) and (b)(2), insert the following clause: 452.211-78 Compensation for Delays in Delivery (Sep 2025) (a) If the Contractor cannot meet the Not-Later-Than (NLT) delivery date, they shall notify the Contracting Officer immediately. If the delay is beyond the Contractor's control, they must request an extension at least three business days before the NLT date. Failure to submit the request or denial of the extension request will result in liquidated damages per FAR clause 52.211-11. Extension requests submitted after the NLT date or delay requests due to weekends/Federal holidays will not be accepted. The request shall include the following information: Applicable, identifiable contract and contract line-item information; Documentation evidencing the event and how that event is beyond the control or negligence of the Contractor; Estimated delivery dates that the product will be delivered; and Any additional information requested by the contracting officer. (b) If a Contractor's product is rejected, they must deliver an acceptable replacement by the NLT delivery date to avoid liquidated damages. If the replacement arrives after the NLT delivery date, liquidated damages will be assessed. (c) When deliveries are made by contract carrier or vendor’s own vehicle, the date shown on the signed commercial bill of lading will be considered the date of delivery. (End of clause) 452.211-79 Unitization Requirements As prescribed in 411.301-71 (a)(6), insert the following clause: 452.211-79 Unitization Requirements (Sep 2025) (a) Unless otherwise specified by the Government, all shipments of packaged products shall be unitized (palletized and stretch wrapped). Pallets shall be: i. Constructed to facilitate the safe handling and transportation of the packaged product, as a unit, without loss or damage. ii. A Number 2, four-way, reversible flush stringer with no broken runners or slats. iii. Suitable for use in the shipment of food products. Plastic stretch wrap shall be: i. Constructed of a plastic film which is to be stretched a minimum of 50 percent beyond its original length when stretched around the pallet load. ii. Applied as tightly as possible around all tiers of the palletized shipping containers. The shipping containers shall be held firmly in place by the stretch wrap. Pallet loads shall be: i. Stacked in such a way as to minimize the amount that shipping containers overhang the edges of pallets. ii. Blocked and braced or otherwise loaded into the conveyance in a manner that prevents shifting during transit. If pallet exchange is desired, the contractor shall arrange for pallet exchange with consignees. USDA is in no way responsible for arrangement of pallet exchange. (End of clause) 452.222-71 Anti-Discrimination and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Compliance (Dec 2025) (a) By entering into this contract, the Contractor certifies that: It is compliant with all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws and the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution, and it will remain compliant for the duration of the contract. Neither it nor any subcontractor or teaming partner operates or funds any program, policy, or initiative that promotes DEI in a manner that violates any applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws, including but not limited to Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, or the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution, and the Contractor and any subcontractor or teaming partner will not do so for the duration of the contract. (b) If the Contractor participates in, facilitates, or funds programs that implicate Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, as amended, including but not limited to grants to or for schools, colleges, universities, 4-H programs, non-governmental organization (NGO) programs, sports programs, and education-related grants to prisons or other detention facilities, the Contractor certifies that it will remain compliant with those laws, including the requirements set forth in Executive Order 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government, and Executive Order 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity. (c) The Contractor affirms that the above requirements are conditions of payment that go to the essence of the contract and are therefore material terms of the contract. Payments under the contract are predicated on compliance with the above requirements, and therefore the Contractor is not eligible for funding under the contract or to retain any funding under the contract absent compliance with the above requirements. (d) This certification reflects a change in the Government’s position regarding the materiality of the foregoing requirements and therefore any prior payment of similar claims does not reflect the materiality of the foregoing requirements to this contract. (e) Submission of a knowing false statement relating to Contractor’s compliance with the above requirements and/or eligibility for the contract may subject the Contractor to liability under the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. § 3729, and/or criminal liability, including under 18 U.S.C. §§ 287 and 1001. (f) The Contractor must include the provisions of this clause in all subcontract solicitations. (g) Failure on the part of the Contractor or its subcontractors to comply with the terms of this clause may be grounds for the Contracting Officer to terminate this contract for default. (End of Clause) 452.225-70 U.S. Origin Products – Domestic and International As prescribed in AGAR 425.601-70 (a), insert the following clause: 452.225-70 U.S. Origin Products – Domestic and International (Dec 2025) (a) The products of agricultural commodities acquired under this contract must be a product of the United States and shall be considered to be such a product if it is grown, processed, and otherwise prepared for sale or distribution exclusively in the United States (See AGAR 470.103). Ingredients from nondomestic sources will be allowed to be utilized as a United States product if such ingredients are not otherwise: 1. Produced in the United States; and 2. Commercially available in the United States at fair and reasonable prices from domestic sources. (b) All meat shall originate from livestock that are born, raised, and harvested in the United States. (c) If the Contractor processes or handles products originating from sources other than the United States, the Contractor must have an acceptable identification and segregation plan for those products to ensure they are not used in commodities purchased under this contract—except for commingled products (see paragraph (d)). This plan must be made available to an AMS representative and the Contracting Officer or agent thereof upon request. The Contractor must ensure that the Contractor and any subcontractor(s) maintain records such as invoices, or production and inventory records evidencing product origin, and make such records available for review by the Government in accordance with FAR 52.214-26. (d) For commodities that the Department has determined to be generally commingled, a commingled product shall be considered to be a product of the United States if the offeror can establish that the offeror has in inventory at the time the contract for the commodity or product is awarded to the offeror, or obtains during the contract performance period specified in the solicitation, or a combination thereof, a sufficient quantity of the commodity or product that was produced in the United States to fulfill the contract being awarded, and all unfulfilled contracts that the offeror entered into to provide such commingled product to the United States. However, if the commodity can be readily stored on an identity preserved basis with respect to its country of origin, the Government may require that the commodity acquired under this contract be of 100 percent U.S. origin. (e) The Contractor agrees to include this domestic origin certification clause in all subcontracts for products used in fulfilling contracts awarded under this Master Solicitation. The burden of proof of compliance is on the Contractor. (f) FAR clause 52.225-5, Trade Agreements incorporated by reference in FAR clause 52.252-2 applies only to packaging and container components. Agricultural commodities and their products are exempt from 52.225-5. (g)The Government has determined that the following commodities shall be 100 percent U.S. origin and provided on an identity preserved basis: 1. Dry beans, peas, and lentils. (End of Clause) 452.246-71 Manufacturing Practices As prescribed in 446.370(b), insert the following clause: Manufacturing Practices (Oct 2025) (a) Current Good Manufacturing Practices. All processed fruit and vegetables must be produced in accordance with the Food and Drug Administration’s Current Good Manufacturing Practices (21 C.F.R., Part 110 and/or Part 117), whichever is applicable at the time of manufacture. (b) Plant Survey or Plant Systems Audit (PSA) 1. Successful bidders/offerors are required to undergo and pass an annual plant survey or PSA. The primary purpose of a plant survey or PSA is to ensure that products are produced in a clean, sanitary environment and verify that Federal requirements are met. Contractors are required to maintain process operations records that are sufficiently detailed as to allow AMS, Specialty Crop Program, and Specialty Crop Inspection Division (SCID), to determine past and current sanitation practices. 2. The AMS, Specialty Crop Program, SCID, will conduct the plant surveys/PSA. SCID personnel will follow the procedures found in the most current version of SCID AIM, Sanitation and Safety Manual, or the most current version of SCID AIM, Plant Systems Audit Manual. 3. Contractors must provide the Contracting Officer with a copy of an acceptable completed plant survey/PSA. An acceptable plant survey/PSA will be valid for one year. 4. Contractors who have a SCID in-plant contract service agreement will be considered as having met the plant survey/PSA requirement, since a plant survey/PSA is a prerequisite to a contract service agreement. Similarly, Contractors who have completed a SCID plant survey/PSA for any other purpose within one year of award will also be deemed to have satisfied this requirement. 5. The plan...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: lynn Hults
  - Email: lynn.hults@usda.gov
  - Phone: 9124649723

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3a426cc536aa40e684d07fd75f9a9d6c/view)