---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought for Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Architect-Engineer (A-E) services contract for Encroachment Management Implementation And Mission Readiness, Sustainment, & Compatibility Services at Navy and Marine Corps Installations.
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: cd20608c9be14f27a47189685933b0ed
---

# Sources Sought for Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Architect-Engineer (A-E) services contract for Encroachment Management Implementation And Mission Readiness, Sustainment, & Compatibility Services at Navy and Marine Corps Installations.

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 14:49:35.932-04
- Solicitation Number: N6247326RENCR

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought Synopsis announcement, a market survey for information to use for preliminary planning purposes. The information received will be used within the Navy to facilitate the decision-making process and will not be disclosed outside of the agency. The intent of this Sources Sought Synopsis is to identify potential qualified Small Businesses, U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) certified 8(a) Businesses, SBA certified HUBZone Small Businesses, Woman-Owned Small Businesses (WOSB) and/or Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB). The Sources Sought Synopsis is one facet in the Government’s overall market research in regard to whether the proposed solicitation will be issued as a competitive set-aside or as a full and open (unrestricted). No procurement strategy will be determined based solely on the information received in response to this Sources Sought Synopsis. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this announcement or any follow-up information requests. This notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government for any purpose other than market research. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the market research. Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command Southwest (NAVFAC SW) is seeking Small Business, SBA certified 8(a), SBA certified HUBZone, WOSB and/or SDVOSB sources with current relevant experience, personnel, and capability to perform the Architect-Engineer (A-E) services required for a firm-fixed-price Indefinite-Delivery, Indefinite-Quantity (IDIQ) contract for Encroachment Management planning services at Navy and Marine Corps Installations in California, Arizona, Nevada, Colorado, New Mexico, and Utah, but may be available to other locations as approved by the NAVFAC SW Administrative Contracting Officer. The goal of this announcement is to obtain information on available A-E firms who can provide encroachment management planning services similar to those anticipated under this contract. Primary A-E Services: Land Use Planning: Analysis of local land use policies, plans and implementing ordinances for compatibility with military testing, training and operations; compilation of military operational and regional land-based data in Geographic Information system (GIS) format; creation of land use maps with overlaid operational footprints; and analysis of military operational equities in and around the operational footprint, on and offshore, including maps of potential encroachment and analysis of stakeholder interests and types of encroachment concerns. Air Installations Compatible Use Zones (AICUZ) and Range Air Installations Compatible Use Zones (RAICUZ) Studies: Preparation of or updates to AICUZ/RAICUZ studies, including frequency and location of flight operations; analysis of land use compatibility, assessment of significant changes in operational characteristics such as additional aircraft and new platforms; preparation of noise impact studies; and safety analysis such as analysis of accident potential zones and clear zones. Encroachment Action Plans (EAP) or Encroachment Control Plans (ECP): Preparation of or updates to EAPs or ECPs with on- and off-shore operational footprints, including updating Military Influence Areas (MIA) including line of sight, frequency spectrum, and readiness operational equities to reflect areas of critical concern; and identify methods to mitigate encroachment within the MIA. Provide detailed analysis and recommendations for strategic engagement with local community and affected stakeholders to implement findings and recommendations of the EAP or ECP. Strategic Engagement and Communication Plans (SECP): Provide SECPs to present and set forth compatible policy and regulatory guidance as identified in encroachment management studies for local jurisdictions to consider in their General Plans, Zoning, and other land use plans and regulatory frameworks. Outreach Planning Materials: Preparation of outreach and compatibility brochures that detail operations, potential mission impacts, community outreach, and economic benefits of the military installation. The outreach planning materials will assist in the implementation of other studies/analysis, preparation of communication plans, press releases, display boards, brochures, and slide presentations. Meeting support with community groups including, but not limited to, logistic materials for focus groups, land use forums, and open houses may also be required. Electronic Database: Preparation of strategic engagement electronic database with metrics for encroachment management, with the capability to track proposed development projects, compatible policy and regulation analysis and reports, support for operational and compatibility assessments, and the Encroachment Management Implementation (EMI). SECONDARY SERVICES: Other related studies/analysis: Provide additional services to assist in implementation of encroachment management studies, Range Complex Management Plans (RCMPS), Integrated Natural Resource Management Plans (INRMP), Readiness and Environmental Protection Integration (REPI) Program plans, and other special planning, engineering, and encroachment support deliverables, such as analytical assessments, geospatial analysis and simulations, traffic studies, glint/glare analysis, radar assessments, plume analysis and modeling, lighting studies, and socio-economic studies. Other Related Reports or Documentation: Deliverables also include assistance with incidental services related to providing public notice for studies and publicizing and providing training on encroachment-related studies. Additional requirements under this contract may include but are not limited to case studies, sketches, preliminary plans, cost estimates and descriptive text for future planning and work plans. Other special planning, engineering, and encroachment support deliverables, such as analytical assessments, geospatial analyses, information technology applications, thermal imaging, sensor imaging, traffic, noise, expansion, or alteration processes and procedures for adjusting boundaries of Restricted Special Use Airspace (SUA), Military Training Routes (MTR) and Military Operational Areas (MOA), Unmanned Aerial System (UAS) potential hazard to flight and socio-economic studies may be required. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 541330 (Engineering Services) with a Small Business Size Standard of $25,500,000. The proposed contract will be for a total performance period of five (5) years. The estimated total contract price is $30,000,000. The minimum value of individual task orders executed under this contract is $25,000. The maximum value of individual task orders executed under this contract is $2,500,000. Interested Small Business, SBA certified 8(a), SBA certified HUBZone, WOSB and/or SDVOSB sources are invited to respond to this sources sought announcement by completing the following sections of the SF330 Architect-Engineer Qualifications in the following manner: Part I – Contract Specific Qualifications: Note: In sections where recent experience is requested, all experience will be evaluated for market research purposes only. Firms are advised that while experience older than five (5) years may demonstrate capability to perform the scope of work, it may not indicate that the firm could be competitive during a future solicitation where only the most recent five (5) years of experience will be accepted. NAVFAC SW may make an acquisition strategy determination based on the likelihood that a sufficient pool of qualified contractors will be competitive on a future solicitation. Complete Section A – Contract Information. Complete Section B – A-E Point of Contact. In addition to the name of the firm in Block 5, provide your firm’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and state if your firm is SBA certified 8(a), SBA Certified HUBZone, SDVOSB, WOSB and/or Small Business (identify all that apply). A set-aside cannot be reasonably determined without size and socio-economic designations. Section E – Resumes: Provide a maximum of five (5) resumes for key personnel that would be directly responsible for performing the required services. If firm principals will not perform work on the contract, do not include those resumes. At minimum, provide the following: One (1) key personnel shall be a professionally registered planner certified by the American Institute of Certified Planners (AICP) and be on staff of the Prime A-E firm. One (1) key personnel shall be a Registered Engineer and be on staff of the Prime A-E firm. One (1) key personnel shall have demonstrated planning experience in California. All key personnel must include the state where registration was issued, registration number, expiration date of registration, and geographic office location for each proposed key personnel member. Each resume must include a maximum of five (5) specific, recently completed projects that best illustrate the individual member’s qualifications in performing the listed A-E services. For each project, the individual must describe how significant his/her role and responsibilities were in the services, specific services performed, and provide the completion date (month, day and year) of the services. A specific project is a single project or a single task order under an indefinite quantity contract or on-call type contract. “Recent” is defined as professional A-E services completed within the past five (5) years prior to March 18, 2026. “Completion date” is defined as 100% of the required documents are completed and submitted. Projects not meeting these requirements may not be considered. Section H – Additional Information: On a maximum of five (5) pages, list a maximum of 10 specific, recently completed projects that demonstrate the overall team experience in the required A-E services: At least four (4) of the projects shall have been completed by the Offeror as the Prime A-E firm and have a minimum A-E fee of $250,000 for the listed Primary or Secondary A-E services. At least two (2) projects shall have been completed by the Offeror as the Prime A-E firm and have a minimum A-E fee of $500,000 for the listed Primary or Secondary A-E services. Note: A single project may satisfy more than one of the above minimum requirements. At a minimum, each project description shall include the project title, A-E fee (total A-E contract cost if the work was performed by the Offeror as prime contractor, and the A-E subcontract cost if the work was performed by the Offeror as a subcontractor), completion date (month, day and year) and how each project reflects the relevant experience in the required A-E services. A specific project is a single project or a single task order under an indefinite quantity contract or on-call type contract. “Recent” is defined as professional A-E services completed within the past five (5) years prior to March 18, 2026. “Completion date” is defined as 100% of the required documents are completed and submitted. Projects not meeting these requirements may not be considered. Section H – Additional Information: On a maximum of one (1) page, provide two (2) brief paragraphs, one addressing “Location” and one addressing “Capacity.” Entitle the first paragraph “Location” and within that paragraph indicate the location of the firm’s main office and branch offices, and describe the team’s knowledge of and availability to work in the proposed geographical area, and the ability of the firm to ensure timely response to requests for onsite support at military installations within the NAVFAC SW AOR and at NAVFAC SW offices in San Diego, CA. Entitle the second paragraph “Capacity” and within the paragraph indicate the number of employees within the prime A-E firm responsible for providing facility planning services, and address the firm’s capacity to accomplish multiple task orders simultaneously. The firm shall list professionally registered planners certified by the American Institute of Certified Planners (AICP) and registered Engineer personnel who will be involved in providing the required services. Small business firms will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities per FAR clause 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting. Section I – Authorized Representative: Ensure the authorized representative of the firm signs the page attesting to the information provided in the sources sought response. Part II General Qualifications: Complete SF330 Part II – General Qualifications for the Prime A- E Firm responding to this Sources Sought Notice. Responses to this Sources Sought announcement are due no later than 2:00 PM (San Diego, CA Local Time) on April 2, 2026. Please email your response to Shaun Schnurbusch, in a PDF format, to shaun.m.schnurbusch.civ@us.navy.mil. Facsimile submittals will not be accepted. All NAVFAC SW solicitations are posted on the website at https://sam.gov and begin with “N62473.” NOTE: CYBERSECURITY MATURITY MODEL CERTIFICATION (CMMC)

2.0 NOTICE DoD published the final CMMC rule on September 10, 2025, ref. 90 Federal Register (FR) 43560, with an effective date of November 10, 2025. DoD’s CMMC Program mandates that all organizations handling Federal Contract Information (FCI) or Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) maintain specific cybersecurity maturity levels to protect sensitive data. CMMC provides a consistent methodology to assess compliance with cybersecurity requirements and standards set forth in the 48 CFR 52.204-21; National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special Publication (SP) 800-171, Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems. NAVFAC SW anticipates that all solicitations issued on or after November 10, 2026 will require CMMC Level 2 (C3PAO) certification or higher. If your company is not certified at Level 2 (C3PAO) or higher you will not be eligible to receive a contract award. Information concerning the CMMC Program is available at SAM.gov. See special notice, "Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Program Implementation" issued by USACE Headquarters, Directorate of Contracting. SAM.gov and https://dodcio.defense.gov/CMMC/ for more information on how to get certified.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shaun Schnurbusch
  - Email: shaun.m.schnurbusch.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 6197054663
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Hal Hayes
  - Email: harold.w.hayes10.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: (619) 705-4674

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cd20608c9be14f27a47189685933b0ed/view)