---
layout: default
title: USS ST LOUIS (LCS 19) | USS DONALD COOK (DDG 75) FY27 Docking Selected Restricted Availabilities (DSRA) Request for Proposals
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: b414c672cccd4a17b45009c9ab221be1
---

# USS ST LOUIS (LCS 19) | USS DONALD COOK (DDG 75) FY27 Docking Selected Restricted Availabilities (DSRA) Request for Proposals

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-20 14:49:13.418-04
- Solicitation Number: N0002426R4405

## Summary

Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) issues amendment N00024-26-R-4405 A0004 for the execution of the USS ST LOUIS (LCS 19) and USS DONALD COOK (DDG 75), fiscal year 2027 (FY27) Docking Selected Restricted Availabilities (DSRAs). These availabilities include a combination of maintenance, modernization, and repair, and will require a highly capable contractor with substantial facilities, to include capable pier and drydock (for the applicable ship class) as well as human resources capable of completing, coordinating, and integrating multiple areas of ship maintenance, repair and modernization. These availabilities are solicited on a coast-wide basis on the East Coast under a single solicitation. The Government anticipates the award of two (2) separate Firm-Fixed-Price contracts. This solicitation is issued electronically via PIEE and interested offerors should monitor PIEE and SAM.gov for any applicable solicitation amendments, thereafter. This posting does not include all relevant attachments. Potential offerors will need to request access to the attachments by providing a written request to the Contract Specialist, Alicia Vesey, at alicia.m.vesey.civ@us.navy.mil and the Contracting Officer, Brian Romano, at brian.c.romano.civ@us.navy.mil. Include your company SAM UEI number with the request so contractor status can be confirmed in the System for Award Management. These attachments will be transmitted via DoD SAFE. To receive access to Attachment J-2 (Work Item Plans, Drawings and Other References}, including references that contain limiting distribution statements, provide a written request to the Southeast Regional Maintenance Center (SERMC) Technical Librarian, Dwight Beeman at Dwight.l.beeman.civ@us.navy.mil with a copy to the Contract Specialist and the Contracting Officer listed above. Include your company SAM UEI number with the request so that contractor status can be confirmed in the System for Award Management. Amendment 0001: Remove the Non-prorated WIs reference on CLINs 0004 and 1005; adjust the direct labor hours and materials cost in Section B, Note A; add a missing Fill-In designation in Section B, Note D; correct the number of occurrences referenced in Section B, Note E; update COPA references in Section C.1.13.2 and C.1.14 to reflect a 3 business day requirement; issue Erratas 1 and 2 for Attachment J-1A; and incorporate updated copies of J-3A, J-4A, and J-3B. Amendment 0002: Update the DPAS code on the SF 30 cover page; adjust the direct labor hours and materials cost in Section B, Note A; issue Errata 3 for Attachment J-1A and Errata 1 for Attachment J-1B; update delivery dates for CLINs 0001-0040 to 04 October 2027 and for CLINs 1001-1108 to 17 April 2028; and incorporate updated copies of J-3A, J-3B, J-4A, and J-9A. Amendment 0003: Update paragraphs 1 and 9 in Section B, Note A; correct the cost and occurrences in Section B, Note E, paragraph 9.B.a to match changes made in A0001; update the reference in Section C, paragraph 7.4.1 to reflect paragraph 7.2.1; update USS ST LOUIS pierside availability dates in Section L.III.A.2; issue Erratas 4 and 5 for Attachment J-1A; and incorporate updated copies of J-3A, J-4A, J-9A, and J-10A. Amendment 0004: Issue Errata 6 for Attachment J-1A and Errata 2 for Attachment J-1B; incorporate updated copies of J-3A, J-8A, and J-10A; and provide responses to Gate 4 Pre-Proposal Information (PPI) bidders questions. Amendment 0005: Update the labor hours and material cost in Section B, Note A, paragraph 1b; issue Errata 7 for Attachment J-1A and Erratas 3 and 4 for Attachment J-1B; incorporate updated copies of J-3B, J-4B, and J-8B; update Section L.II.A.1 to extend the proposal due date to 08 April 2026 at 2:00PM; update the end date for USS DONALD COOK and USS ST LOUIS ship checks (Section L.III.A.1-2) to 08 April 2026; provide 4720s for LCS-15 (OTH Ship Alt) and LCS-19; and provide responses to post-Gate 4 Pre-Proposal Information (PPI) bidders questions. Amendment 0006: Update Section L.II.A.1 to extend the proposal due date to 15 April 2026 at 2:00PM. Amendment 0007: Update the Response Date on this notice to match the date in Amendment 0006, Section L.II.A.1. Amendment 0008: Update the labor hours and material cost in Section B, Note A, paragraph 1b; update CFR notification timeframes in Section C paragraphs 1.13 and 1.13.1; issue Errata 8 for Attachment J-1A and Errata 5 for Attachment J-1B; incorporate an updated copy of Attachment J-4B; and provide responses to post-Gate 4 Pre-Proposal Information (PPI) bidders questions. Amendment 0009: Change CLINs 0011, 0013, and 0017 to RESERVED and remove the associated delivery dates, as these work items were removed from Attachment J-4A in Amendment 0003; update the title and description for CLIN 1037; incorporate an updated copy of Attachment J-4B; update Section L.II.A.1 to extend the proposal due date to 22 April 2026 at 2:00PM; and provide responses to post-Gate 4 Pre-Proposal Information (PPI) bidders questions. Amendment 0010: Incorporate an updated copy of Attachment J-4B; and update Section L.II.A.1 to extend the proposal due date to 29 April 2026 at 2:00PM.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Alicia Vesey
  - Email: alicia.m.vesey.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: (202) 781-4909

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: -2 (Work Item Plans, Drawings and Other References}, including references that contain limiting distribution statements, provide a written request to the Southeast Regional Maintenance Center (SERMC) Technical Librarian, Dwight Beeman at Dwight.l.beeman.civ@us.navy.mil with a copy to the Contract Specialist and the Contracting Officer listed above. Include your company SAM UEI number with the request so that contractor status can be confirmed in the System for Award Management. Amendment 0001: Remove the Non-prorated WIs reference on CLINs 0004 and 1005; adjust the direct labor hours and materials cost in Section B, Note A; add a missing Fill-In designation in Section B, Note D; correct the number of occurrences referenced in Section B, Note E; update COPA references in Section C.1.13.2 and C.1.14 to reflect a 3 business day requirement; issue Erratas 1 and 2 for Attachment J-1A; and incorporate updated copies of J-3A, J-4A, and J-3B. Amendment 0002: Update the DPAS code on the SF 30 cover page; adjust the direct labor hours and materials cost in Section B, Note A; issue Errata 3 for Attachment J-1A and Errata 1 for Attachment J-1B; update delivery dates for CLINs 0001-0040 to 04 October 2027 and for CLINs 1001-1108 to 17 April 2028; and incorporate updated copies of J-3A, J-3B, J-4A, and J-9A. Amendment 0003: Update paragraphs 1 and 9 in Section B, Note A; correct the cost and occurrences in Section B, Note E, paragraph 9.B.a to match changes made in A0001; update the reference in Section C, paragraph 7.4.1 to reflect paragraph 7.2.1; update USS ST LOUIS pierside availability dates in Section L.III.A.2; issue Erratas 4 and 5 for Attachment J-1A; and incorporate updated copies of J-3A, J-4A, J-9A, and J-10A. Amendment 0004: Issue Errata 6 for Attachment J-1A and Errata 2 for Attachment J-1B; incorporate updated copies of J-3A, J-8A, and J-10A; and provide responses to Gate 4 Pre-Proposal Information (PPI) bidders questions. Amendment 0005: Update the labor hours and material cost in Section B, Note A, paragraph 1b; issue Errata 7 for Attachment J-1A and Erratas 3 and 4 for Attachment J-1B; incorporate updated copies of J-3B, J-4B, and J-8B; update Section L.II.A.1 to extend the proposal due date to 08 April 2026 at 2:00PM; update the end date for USS DONALD COOK and USS ST LOUIS ship checks (Section L.III.A.1-2) to 08 April 2026; provide 4720s for LCS-15 (OTH Ship Alt) and LCS-19; and provide responses to post-Gate 4 Pre-Proposal Information (PPI) bidders questions. Amendment 0006: Update Section L.II.A.1 to extend the proposal due date to 15 April 2026 at 2:00PM. Amendment 0007: Update the Response Date on this notice to match the date in Amendment 0006, Section L.II.A.1. Amendment 0008: Update the labor hours and material cost in Section B, Note A, paragraph 1b; update CFR notification timeframes in Section C paragraphs 1.13 and 1.13.1; issue Errata 8 for Attachment J-1A and Errata 5 for Attachment J-1B; incorporate an updated copy of Attachment J-4B; and provide responses to post-Gate 4 Pre-Proposal Information (PPI) bidders questions. Amendment 0009: Change CLINs 0011, 0013, and 0017 to RESERVED and remove the associated delivery dates, as these work items were removed from Attachment J-4A in Amendment 0003; update the title and description for CLIN 1037; incorporate an updated copy of Attachment J-4B; update Section L.II.A.1 to extend the proposal due date to 22 April 2026 at 2:00PM; and provide responses to post-Gate 4 Pre-Proposal Information (PPI) bidders questions. Amendment 0010: Incorporate an updated copy of Attachment J-4B; and update Section L.II.A.1 to extend the proposal due date to 29 April 2026 at 2:00PM

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b414c672cccd4a17b45009c9ab221be1/view)