---
layout: default
title: 59--CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 5d3dbab9eb43470ba17e4172aa78fc1c
---

# 59--CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 17:20:48.203-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010425RNB46

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (NAVICP REVIEW FEB 1991)(FEB 1999)|1|MIL-I-45208 or ISO9001 ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 or ISO10012 | INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| PRODUCTION LOT TESTING|1|15| DESIRED AND REQUIRED TIME OF DELIVERY (JUNE 1997)|29|0001AA|80|500||||||||||0001AA|80|900||||||||||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT (COMBO)|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|||TBD|||||N/A| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS-N00104| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1| | EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (JUN 2020)|4||||| WARRANTY OF DATA--BASIC (MAR 2014)|2||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| PERFORMANCE-BASED PAYMENTS-DELIVERABLE-ITEM BASIS (DEC 2022)|2||| FIRST ARTICLE APPROVAL--CONTRACTOR TESTING (SEP 1989)|10| DETAILS OF FAT ARE CONTAINED IN THE DRAWINGS||15|||||||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|X|X|||X||||||||X| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|335931|600|X|X|X||||||||| INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS -- COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION (NOV 2021)|2||| TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984)|1|FIRM FIXED PRICE| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| EVALUATION OF FIRST ARTICLE TESTING|3|||X| The Tow Cable Container, NSN 8145-01-670-2197, will be provided as GFP. Containers will be forwarded to the raw cable supplier as needed. NAVSUP requests the price of procuring QTY 20 Tow Cable crates (NSN 7G-8145-01-670-2197) be included in this proposal for QTY 80 Tow Cables. NAVSUP will provide the additional QTY 60 Tow Cable crates as Government Furnished Property (GFP). Containers will be forwarded to the raw cable supplier as needed. A GFP document will be included as an attachment to the finalized contract. \ Amendment is being issued to update FAR Clause 52.211-9, Desired and Required Time of Delivery, as shown in the following pages. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. AMENDMENT IS ISSUED TO ADD SUBCLINS FOR CONTRACTOR FAT (D) AND CONTRACTOR FAT (ND). ALL OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. \ AMENDMENT IS ISSUED TO UPDATE THE SOLICITATION AS FOLLOWS: 1. ADDING A NEW SUBCLIN FOR NON-DESTRUCTIVE FAT; 2. UPDATING THE TDP AS SHOWN IN THE FOLLOWING PAGES; and 3. EXTENDING THE CLOSING DATE TO 22 MAY 2025. ALL OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. \ THIS IS A COMPETITIVE SOLICITATION FOR THE PROCUREMENT OF 80 EACH SPECIAL PURPOSE CABLE ASSEMBLIES. Drawing requests shall be submitted at SAM.gov using the link in the solicitation posting. Vendors must have an approved DD2345 of file in order to be granted access to controlled drawings. Proposals submitted via NECO are not acceptable. Vendors must complete, sign and return a copy of the solicitation by including it as an attachment to an email directed to the Contract Specialist at tonya.l.nearhood.civ@us.navy.mil. _________________________ MATERIAL INSPECTION LOCATION _________________________ PACKAGING INSPECTION AND FINAL ACCEPTANCE LOCATION Please provide a proposed delivery schedule within Clause 52.211-9 located in section F of the RFP. The Tow Cable Container, NSN 8145-01-670-2197, will be provided as GFP. Containers will be forwarded to the raw cable supplier as needed. Please review the entire TDP, the DD1423 CDRLS and the drawings prior to submitting a proposal. Ensure your proposal is accurate and meets the requirements noted in section L, Instructions to Offerors. All contractual documents (i.e. Contracts, Purchase Orders, Task Orders, Delivery Orders and Modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "Issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by Facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "Issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. Any contract resulting from this solicitation will be issued bi-laterally requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 ;This procurement specification contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for ;AN/BRR-6 Tow Cable Assembly; for use on Navy submarines.; "The tow cable container (identified by NSN 7G-8145-01-670-2197) will be provided as Government Furnished Material. Containers will be forwarded to the raw cable supplier as needed. The raw cable required for the fabrication of both first article specimens may be ordered concurrently. The contractor does not have authorization to order production lot raw cable prior to first article approval of both first article specimens. The ordering of production lot cable prior to first article approval will be at the contractor's risk and no government furnished containers will be provided to facilitate storage." 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.1.2 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents. 2.1.3 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DRAWING DATA=0064-0010 |25685| F| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=0064-0020 |25685| K| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5361667 |53711| M| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=8628121 |53711| -| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=8628131 |53711| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=8628134 |53711| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=8628341 |53711| -| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-97 | | | |000930|A| |04| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |N |121116|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO 9001 | | | |150915|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO 10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE-AMS-P-21922 | | |A |161002|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-M-24041 | | |C |810817|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24231 | | |E |130426|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |951103|A|2 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NCSL Z540.3 | | | |060803|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM A240/A240M | | | |191201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASME B46.1-2009 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE-AMS-QQ-S-763-AUG 13 | | |D | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE-AS3578 - 05/1996 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NSWCCD-SSES SPEC 0064-0010 | | |F |000128|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NSWCCD-SSES SPEC 0064-0020 | | |K |090913|A| | | DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=ASTM A240 |ASTM A240/A240M-2019 DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=MIL-C-24231D |MIL-DTL-24231E DOCUMENT CHANGE DATA=MIL-P-21922B |SAE-AMS-P-21922A 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Design and Manufacturing - The ;AN/BRR-6 Tow Cable Assembly; furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the material, electrical, physical, mechanical and test requirements as specified on Drawing 5361667 consisting of Item Numbers (1 thru 5, 7, 9, 11, 12, 14, 15, 17, 18, 21 thru 24, 263, 264 & 265), NSWCCD-SSES Specifications 0064-0010 and 0064-0020 including associated specifications mentioned in this procurement. ; 3.1.1 ;Source Control Item - Tow Cable p/n 5361667-3 per Specification 0064-0010 shall only be manufactured by and procured from Rochester Company.; 3.1.2 ;The Polyurethane Molding Compound shall be in accordance MIL-M-24041 as specified on drawing p/n 5361667-12, and the color shall be amber or clear as stated on the drawing.; 3.1.3 ;The finished cable assembly p/n 5361667-1 length shall be 1500 +10/-10 feet as specified in Specification 0064-0020 paragraph 3.3.; 3.2 ;First Article Cable Test/Inspection Specimen - The supplier shall fabricate, inspect and test two (2) first article cable assemblies as defined in NSWCCD-SSES Specification 0064-0020, Paragraph 3.6.1 and Note. ; 3.2.1 ;The first cable specimen (destructive testing) shall be a ;Tow Staff and Molded Connector Assembly; constructed of at least 10-foot length of tow cable p/n 5361667-3 to be terminated into tow staff p/n 5361667-5 and molded to the connector p/n 5361667-22; and inspected and tested to destruction as specified in NSWCCD-SSES Specification 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.1 and Note, 3.6.3.2, 3.6.3.3/4.1.1.3, 3.6.4.6 and 3.6.4.7.; 3.2.2 ;The second cable specimen (nondestructive testing) shall be one (1) completed ;Tow Cable Assembly; p/n 5361667-1 for nondestructive testing and inspection as specified in NSWCCD-SSES Specification 0064-0020, paragraph 3.6.1 and Note, 3.6.3.1, 3.6.3.2, 3.6.4.1 thru 3.6.4.5 and 3.6.4.7.; 3.2.3 ;The supplier shall successfully perform and pass all test and inspection requirements for the first cable specimen ;Tow Staff and Molded Connector Assembly; before being authorized by the Procuring Activity to commence the fabrication, armor termination, assembly, testing and inspection of the second cable specimen a complete ;Tow Cable Assembly; p/n 5361667-1 for nondestructive testing and inspection.; 3.3 ;Marking Requirements.; 3.3.1 ;The supplier shall ensure the ;Tow Cable; p/n 5361667-3 is properly identified as specified in paragraph 5.1 of Specification 0064-0010.; 3.3.2 ;The supplier shall permanently mark the first article cable specimen ;Tow Staff and Molded Connector Assembly; with contract and assembly serial number per MIL-STD-130. ;The supplier shall establish, control and assign serial number for this assembly.; ; 3.3.3 ;The supplier shall permanently mark and identify the first article and each production lot unit ;Tow Cable Assembly; p/n 5361667-1 in accordance with Note 26 (1 thru 4) of the drawing. The supplier shall mark ;tag or bag; each assembly with contract number and assembly serial number per MIL-STD-130. ;The supplier shall establish, control and assign serial number for each assembly.; ; 3.3.4 ;The supplier shall mark ;tag or bag; each p/n 5361667-5, 7 and 9 with contract, drawing/item, heat, lot and serial number per MIL-STD-130 until installed in the designated assembly.; 3.4 ;First Article Testing/Inspection - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The first article testing /inspection procedure and approval are required for both specimens ;Tow Staff and Molded Connector Assembly; and ;Tow Cable Assembly; p/n 5361667-1. Government approval isrequired prior to commencing of the first article.; 3.5 ;Notification - The supplier shall notify Naval Surface Warfare Center, Philadelphia Division, (NSWCPD), 5001 S. Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA 19112-1403 by email matthew.ogilvie@navy.mil, Code 242MO after award of contract.; 3.5.1 ;The NSWCPD is the acceptance activity for the Contract Data Requirements List (DD1423) Data Items. NSWCPD WAWF/IRAPT ;Acceptor; DODACC is ;N64498;.;

3.6 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.6.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor.

3.7 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.3 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies. 4.4 ;Vendors may utilize MIL-I-45208A Am.2 in lieu of ISO 9001 and NCSL Z540.3 in lieu of ISO 10012.; 4.5 ;Inspection System - The Supplier's Quality Inspection System shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208 or ISO 9001 and NCSL Z540.3 or ISO 10012. The supplier shall develop and submit their written Quality Inspection and Test Plan as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the supplier's written Quality Inspection and Test Plan is required by the contract. CDRL: QUALITY INSPECTION & TEST PLAN per MIL-I-45208, NCSL Z540.3 and DI-QCIC-81110; 4.6 ;Surface Roughness - All surface finishes are in RMS measurements. Where the degree of surface roughness is indicated, the surface shall be free from all visible imperfections as defined by Standard ASME B46.1.; 4.7 ;Finished Edges - Finished shall be in accordance with the applicable drawing requirements.; 4.8 ;Material Control - The supplier shall have an effective material control system that provides for certified quantitative mill or industrial laboratory reports of chemical and physical analysis by heat, lot or batch for raw material ordered for first article and production units. If the material is subsequently heat-treated a certification of physical analysis, after heat treatment is also required for each heat lot or batch. Also, where the applicable material specification calls out (e.g. corrosion resistance test, m acro-etch test) these test results shall also be reported on the applicable mill or industrial laboratory report. The physical analysis shall establish the following properties for metallic parts: Ultimate Tensile Strength, Yield Strength and Elongation.; 4.9 ;First Article Testing/Inspection - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall perform first article testing/inspection on both specimens ;Tow Staff and Molded Connector Assembly; and ;Tow Cable Assembly; p/n 5361667-1 in accordance with Drawing 5361667 and NSWCCD-SSES Specification 0064-0020, and their approved first article procedure.; 4.10 ;The first article inspection shall be made by the cognizant DCMA-QAR at the supplier's and/or subcontractor facility. The supplier shall notify NSWCPD, Code 242MO two weeks in advance prior to the scheduled first article testing/inspection, so an NSWCPD representative has the option of being present during the first article testing/inspection.; 4.11 ;First Article Approval for Testing/Inspection Procedure and Acceptance - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall prepare and submit their First Article Testing/ Inspection Procedure for both first article specimens ;Tow Staff and Molded Connector Assembly; and ;Tow Cable Assembly; p/n 5361667-1 in accordance with the requirements of DI-NDTI-80603, Drawing 5361667, NSWCCD-SSES Specification 0064-0020, and as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the procedure is required prior to commencement of first article. CDRL: FIRST ARTICLE TESTING/INSPECTION PROC per DI-NDTI-80603A; 4.12 ;First Article Testing ;Tow Staff and Molded Connector Assembly; - The supplier shall perform 100% examination, inspection and testing on the first article specimen (component parts/assembly) in accordance with Drawing 5361667 and NSWCCD-SSES Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.1 and Note, 3.6.3.2, 3.6.3.3/4.1.1.3, 3.6.4.6 and 3.6.4.7, and their approved first article procedure. The supplier shall record the actual measurements results of each examination, inspection and test in Spec 0064-0020, and each dimension identified on the applicable drawing.; 4.13 ;The supplier shall visually and physically inspect 100% the tow staff p/n 5361667-5 each dimension identified on drawing 5361667; and shall verify all internal surfaces have been sand blast per Note 10 of the drawing. ; 4.14 ;The supplier shall inspect 100% the armor wires for a minimum of 63 micro finish specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.3.2 and 4.1.1.2a. prior to embedding into the epoxy and terminating the tow cable to the tow staff.; 4.15 ;The supplier shall perform 100% hardness testing on the cured epoxy specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraph 3.6.3.2, and shall meet the hardness requirements specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraph 4.1.1.2b.; 4.16 ;The supplier shall perform 100% hardness testing on the cured polyurethane molding in accordance with Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.4.6, 3.6.4.7 and 4.1.1.2c, and shall have a hardness value of Shore A 70 to 92 per Spec 0064-0020, paragraph 4.1.1.2c.; 4.17 ;The supplier shall visually inspect 100% the molded connector p/n 5361667-22 on ;Tow Staff and Molded Connector Assembly; specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.4.6 and 3.6.4.7 and MIL-DTL-24231, paragraph 3.4.3.; 4.18 ;The supplier shall perform 100% nondestructive bonding test on molded connector p/n 5361667-22 on ;Tow Staff and Molded Connector Assembly; specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.4.6, 3.6.4.7 and 4.1.2.7 in accordance with MIL-DTL-24231 paragraph 4.5.6.1.; 4.19 ;The supplier shall perform 100% destructive bonding test on molded connector p/n 5361667-22 on ;Tow Staff and Molded Connector Assembly; specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.4.6, 3.6.4.6 and 4.1.2.6 in accordance with MIL-DTL-24231 paragraph 4.5.6.2.; 4.20 ;The supplier shall measure and record the tow cable and overall tow staff and molded connector assembly length prior to any destructive testing.; 4.21 ;The supplier shall perform 100% strength testing (destructive) on ;Tow Staff and Molded Connector Assembly; in accordance with Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.3.3 and 4.1.1.3. The tow staff assembly shall be tensile tested to failure and must withstand a minimum of 9500lbs of tension as specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraph 4.1.1.3.; 4.22 ;First Article Testing/Inspection Reports and Acceptance - (Supplier Testing/ Inspection). The supplier shall submit for the first article test specimen ;Tow Staff and Molded Connector Assembly; testing/inspection reports in compliance with the requirements of DI-NDTI-80603, Drawing 5361667 and NSWCCD-SSES Specification 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.1 and Note, 3.6.3.2, 3.6.3.3/4.1.1.3, 3.6.4.6 and 3.6.4.7. The report shall also include a copy of ;Mill Certification (Dwg Item No. 5); Certificate of Conformance for (Dwg Item Nos. 11, 12, 14, 17, 22, 263, 264 & 265), Passivation Treatment (for Dwg Item No.5 per dwg note 12); Visual/Dimensional Inspection Report (for Dwg Item No. 5); as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the first article testing/inspection report is required for the first specimen prior to authorization and commencement of the second first article test specimen complete ;Tow Cable Assembly;p/n 5361667-1. CDRL: FIRST ARTICLE TESTING/INSPECTION REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B; 4.23 ;First Article Testing ;Tow Cable Assembly P/N 5361667-1; - The supplier shall perform 100% examination, inspection and testing on the second completed first article specimen (tow cable/component parts/assembly) in accordance with Drawing 5361667, NSWCCD-SSES Specifications 0064-0010, paragraph 5 and 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.1 and Note, 3.6.3.1, 3.6.3.2, 3.6.4.1 thru 3.6.4.5 and 3.6.4.7, and their approved first article procedure. The supplier shall record the actual measurements and results of each examination, inspection and test in Specification 0064-0020, and each dimension identified on the applicable drawing. ; 4.24 ;The supplier shall inspect ;Tow Cable; p/n 5366167-3 upon receipt for compliance with the Preparation for Delivery requirements specified in Spec 0064-0010, paragraph 5.; 4.25 ;The supplier shall visually and physically inspect 100% each component part p/n 5361667-5, 7 and 9 each dimension identified on Drawing 5361667, and shall verify p/n 5361667-5 and 7 all internal surfaces have been sand blast per Note 10 of the drawing.; 4.26 ;The supplier shall inspect 100% the armor wires for a minimum of 63 micro finish specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.3.2 and 4.1.1.2a. prior to embedding into the epoxy and terminating the tow cable to the tow staff and grip.; 4.27 ;The supplier shall perform 100% hardness testing on the cured epoxy specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraph 3.6.3.2, and shall meet the hardness requirements specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraph 4.1.1.2b.; 4.28 ;The supplier shall visually and physically inspect 100% the completed ;Tow Cable Assembly; p/n 5361667-1 each dimension and keyway location/position identified on Drawing 5361667 including the identification and markings required by Note 26 (1 thru 4) of the drawing.; 4.29 ;The supplier shall visually inspect 100% the molded connectors p/n 5361667-21 and 22, tow staff p/n 5361667-5, grip p/n 5361667-7 and tubing p/n 5361667-263 on the completed ;Tow Cable Assembly; specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.4.6 and 3.6.4.7 in accordance with MIL-DTL-24231, paragraph 3.4.3.; 4.30 ;The supplier shall ensure the hardness value of the cured polyurethane molding on the completed ;Tow Cable Assembly; have meet the requirements of Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.4.7 and 4.1.1.2.; 4.31 ;The supplier shall perform 100% nondestructive bonding test on molded connectors p/n 5361667-21 and 22 on the completed ;Tow Cable Assembly; specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.4.6, 3.6.4.7 and 4.1.2.7 in accordance with MIL-DTL-24231, paragraph 4.5.6.1.; 4.32 ;The supplier shall perform 100% hydrostatic pressure test on the completed ;Tow Cable Assembly; in accordance with Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.3.1 and 4.1.1.1.; 4.33 ;The supplier shall perform 100% insulation resistance test on the completed ;Tow Cable Assembly; in accordance with Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.4.1 and 4.1.2.1.; 4.34 ;The supplier shall perform 100% dielectric withstanding voltage test on the completed ;Tow Cable Assembly; in accordance with Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.4.2 and 4.1.2.2.; 4.35 ;The supplier shall perform 100% D. C. resistance test on the completed ;Tow Cable Assembly; in accordance with Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.4.3 and 4.1.2.3.; 4.36 ;The supplier shall perform 100% capacitance test on the completed ;Tow Cable Assembly; in accordance with Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.4.4 and 4.1.2.4.; 4.37 ;The supplier shall perform 100% RF loss test on the completed ;Tow Cable Assembly; in accordance with Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.4.5 and 4.1.2.5 and their approved RF procedure.; 4.38 ;First Article Testing/Inspection Reports and Acceptance - (Supplier Testing/ Inspection). The supplier shall submit for the second first article specimen completed ;Tow Cable Assembly; testing/inspection reports in compliance with the requirements of DI-NDTI-80603, Drawing 5361667, NSWCCD-SSES Specifications 0064-0010, paragraph 5 and 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.1 and Note, 3.6.3.1, 3.6.3.2, 3.6.4.1 thru 3.6.4.5 and 3.6.4.7. The report shall also include a copy of ;Tow Cable Test/Inspection Report p/n 5361667-3; Mill Certification (Dwg Item Nos. 5, 7 & 9); Certificate of Conformance for (Dwg Item Nos. 2, 4, 11, 12, 14, 15, 17, 18, 21 thru 24, 263, 264 & 265), Passivation Treatment (for Dwg Item Nos. 5, 7 & 9 per dwg note 12); Visual/Dimensional Inspection Report; as identified in the Objective Quality Evidence Records Section of this document, and as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the first article testing/inspection report is required prior to commencement of production units. CDRL: FIRST ARTICLE TESTING/INSPECTION REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B ; 4.39 ;Production Lot.; 4.40 ;Tow Cable P/N 5361667-3 - The supplier shall perform 100% examination, inspection and testing on each ;Tow Cable; in accordance with the requirements listed in NSWCCD-SSES Specification 0064-0010, paragraphs 3.5, 3.5.1, 3.5.1.2 thru 3.5.3, 3.5.3.2, 3.5.3.4, 3.5.3.5, 3.5.4 thru 3.5.4.5, 4.3 thru 4.9, 4.11, 4.12. 4.14 thru 4.22 and 5. The supplier shall record the actual measurements and results of each examination, inspection and test specified in Spec 0064-0010.; 4.41 ;Tow Cable Assembly P/N 5361667-1) - The supplier shall perform 100% examination, inspection and testing on each production lot unit (tow cable/component parts/assembly) in accordance with Drawing 5361667, NSWCCD-SSES Specifications 0064-0010, paragraph 5 and 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.2, 3.6.3.1, 3.6.3.2, 3.6.4.1 thru 3.6.4.5 and 3.6.4.7. The supplier shall record the actual measurements and results of each examination, inspection and test in Specification 0064-0020, and each dimension identified on the applicable drawing. ; 4.42 ;The supplier shall inspect each ;Tow Cable; p/n 5361667-3 upon receipt for compliance with the Preparation for Delivery requirements specified in Spec 0064-0010, paragraph 5.; 4.43 ;The supplier shall visually and physically inspect 100% each component parts p/n 5361667-5, 7 and 9 each dimension identified on Drawing 5361667, and shall verify p/n 5361667-5 and 7 all internal surfaces have been sand blast per Note 10 of the drawing.; 4.44 ;The supplier shall inspect 100% the armor wires for a minimum of 63 micro finish specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraphs 3.6.3.2 and 4.1.1.2a. prior to embedding into the epoxy and terminating the tow cable to the tow staff and grip.; 4.45 ;The supplier shall perform 100% hardness testing on the cured epoxy specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraph 3.6.3.2, and shall meet the hardness requirements specified in Spec 0064-0020, paragraph 4.1.1.2b; 4.46 ;The supplier shall visually and physically inspect 100% each completed ;Tow Cable Assembly; p/n 5361667-1 each dimension and keyway location/position identified on Drawing 5361667 including the identification and markings required by Note 26 (1 thru 4) of the drawing.; 4.47 ;The supplier shall visually inspect 100% the molded connectors p/n 5361667-21 and 22, tow staff p/n 5361667-5, grip p/n 5361667-7 and t...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2156973533
  - Email: VLADIMIR.MAKSIMCHUK@NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 3 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: the finalized contract. \ Amendment is being issued to update FAR Clause 52.211-9, Desired and Required Time of Delivery, as shown in the following pages. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. AMENDMENT IS ISSUED TO ADD SUBCLINS FOR CONTRACTOR FAT (D) AND CONTRACTOR FAT (ND). ALL OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. \ AMENDMENT IS ISSUED TO UPDATE THE SOLICITATION AS FOLLOWS: 1. ADDING A NEW SUBCLIN FOR NON-DESTRUCTIVE FAT; 2. UPDATING THE TDP AS SHOWN IN THE FOLLOWING PAGES; and 3. EXTENDING THE CLOSING DATE TO 22 MAY 2025. ALL OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. \ THIS IS A COMPETITIVE SOLICITATION FOR THE PROCUREMENT OF 80 EACH SPECIAL PURPOSE CABLE ASSEMBLIES. Drawing requests shall be submitted at SAM.gov using the link in the solicitation posting. Vendors must have an approved DD2345 of file in order to be granted access to controlled drawings. Proposals submitted via NECO are not acceptable. Vendors must complete, sign and return a copy of the solicitation by including it as an attachment to an email directed to the Contract Specialist at tonya.l.nearhood.civ@us.navy.mil. _________________________ MATERIAL INSPECTION LOCATION _________________________ PACKAGING INSPECTION AND FINAL ACCEPTANCE LOCATION Please provide a proposed delivery schedule within Clause 52.211-9 located in section F of the RFP. The Tow Cable Container, NSN 8145-01-670-2197, will be provided as GFP. Containers will be forwarded to the raw cable supplier as needed. Please review the entire TDP, the DD1423 CDRLS and the drawings prior to submitting a proposal. Ensure your proposal is accurate and meets the requirements noted in section L, Instructions to Offerors. All contractual documents (i.e. Contracts, Purchase Orders, Task Orders, Delivery Orders and Modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "Issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by Facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods such as email. The Government"s acceptance of the contractor"s proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "Issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. Any contract resulting from this solicitation will be issued bi-laterally requiring the contractor"s written acceptance prior to execution. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 ;This procurement specification contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for ;AN/BRR-6 Tow Cable Assembly; for use on Navy submarines.; "The tow cable container (identified by NSN 7G-8145-01-670-2197) will be provided as Government Furnished Material. Containers will be forwarded to the raw cable supplier as needed. The raw cable required for the fabrication of both first article specimens may be ordered concurrently. The contractor does not have authorization to order production lot raw cable prior to first article approval of both first article specimens. The ordering of production lot cable prior to first article approval will be at the contractor"s risk and no government furnished containers will be provided to facilitate storage." 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS
- Attachment 2: this contract/purchase order
- Attachment 3: . Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.6.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5d3dbab9eb43470ba17e4172aa78fc1c/view)