---
layout: default
title: C1DA--RFI0002 - 695-25-110 Architectural Design Services IDIQ, Request for Qualifications SF-330 RFI0002 - SF330 QnA 1-23
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 996d4630f06c44db8ac6301cf37ea909
---

# C1DA--RFI0002 - 695-25-110 Architectural Design Services IDIQ, Request for Qualifications SF-330 RFI0002 - SF330 QnA 1-23

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 14:54:26.119-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25226Q0132
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Questions and Answers submitted as of March 18, 2026: 695-25-110 Architectural Design Services IDIQ 36C25226Q0132 RFI Questions 1 - 23 695-25-110 - Architectural Design Services IDIQ 36C25226Q0132 Pre-SF-330 Request for Qualifications RFIs No. Date Submitted SUBJECT/COMMENT Response RFI Â Â Â Â Â 1 3/2/2026 Reviewing the upcoming submittal just wanted to confirm that ABET accredited program didn't apply to Architects.Â Under evaluation factor (a) section (1) Acknowledged, ABET is the accreditation board for Engineering programs, including the Architectural Engineering degree.Â The specification will be changed to include the architectural accreditation board, NAAB, for professional architecture programs. Professional licensure is still a requirement for senior team personnel. RFI0001 2 3/2/2026 I m inquiring on the Arch Design IDIQ that has just been released as a 541310 NAICS code. Will there be another one for Engineering only services as a 541330 NAICS code to pursue? Yes, NAICS code 541330 AE MEP IDIQ will be pursued around late 2027 early 2028. These dates are subject to change. RFI0001 3 3/3/2025 Can you confirm that the "guaranteed minimum for this IDIQ is $25,000.00. The contract ceiling is $10,000,000.00. The order minimum is $2,000.00 and maximum is $2,000,000.00 Confirm. RFI0001 4 3/4/2026 It was requested to assign NAICS 541330 to this request for SF-330s VA Milwaukee Wisconsin has an MEP/Engineering IDIQ that we use for MEP centric designs. The purpose of this Request for Qualifications SF-330 is for Architectural/Structural centric designs. RFI0001 5 3/5/2026 Sources Sought appears to be a request for SF330 Qualifications? Yes, this is a Request for SF-330 Qualifications RFI0001 6 3/5/2026 Constrcution Magnitude Language estimated amounts are unusual for an A/E IDIQ Estimated Magnitude of Constuction: Language is deleted. RFI0001 7 3/5/2026 Per page 3 of 9 of the Sources Sought Notice section (a) Professional qualifications necessary for satisfactory performance of required services; (1) Discipline leads, and senior architects and engineers must have graduated from an ABET accredited program, maintain current licensure, and possess no less than five years professional experience in the discipline of their assigned responsibility . However, the National Architectural Accrediting Board (NAAB) is the only agency recognized by registration boards in U.S. jurisdictions to accredit professional degree programs in Architecture. ABET accredits programs in applied and natural science, computing, engineering and engineering technology. Please confirm that the VA will recognize NAAB accreditation for Architects See Response 1 RFI0001 8 3/5/2026 Per page 5 of 9 of the Sources Sought Notice section LIMITS ON SUBCONTRACTING: Attention to Special Notice of VAAR Clause 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting - Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction. Failure of offeror to attest and sign the certificate of compliance shall render the offeror's SF330 submission technically unacceptable outright and the offeror shall not be eligible for award. Should we attach the signed letter after Sections H & I in our SF330 submission? While the placement of the signed letter within your SF330 submission is at your discretion, it is crucial that the certificate of compliance is signed and included in your submission; otherwise, your proposal will be deemed technically unacceptable and ineligible for award. RFI0001 9 3/5/2026 Per page 3 of 9 of the Sources Sought Notice section (a) Professional qualifications necessary for satisfactory performance of required services; (1) Offer must include the following statement of SDVOSB compliance when submitting the personnel proposed to perform the work under this requirement: I [signatory authority] ______________________, [company] __________________ certify that the team proposed to perform under this requirement demonstrates the capability of 50% SDVOSB performance in compliance of 48 CFR 852.219-10. Please confirm that it is ok for us to include the signed statement above in Section D. If not, where would you like it to be put? While it is at your discretion where to include the signed statement within your submission, it is important to ensure that the signed statement is submitted to meet compliance requirements. Failure to include this signed statement could impact the acceptance of your submission.Â RFI0001 10 3/5/2026 What is the minimum and maximum number of projects that the VA is looking for the Offeror to provide in Section F? Number of project at discretion of offeror, minimum of 5 projects, maximum of 10 projects. RFI0001 11 3/5/2026 Per page 5 of 9 of the Sources Sought Notice, The Government may contact references provided by the Offeror, as well as any other source it identifies, and information received may be used in the evaluation of the Offeror s Past Performance for the last three (3) years. Do submitted projects need to have been from the last 3 years, or are the last 5-10 years permissible? Past performace can be older, but evaluation will focus on last (3) years. RFI0001 12 3/5/2026 Is it permissible for us to use projects where the A-E professional services work has been completed but the construction work is not yet complete? Yes, however, the majority of projects submitted should be those with construction complete or nearing completion. RFI0001 13 3/5/2026 Do all projects submitted need to be performed by the Offeror, or can some projects be included from key teaming partner consultants? VA would prefer work done by the team together, but will review projects for partners that are new to the team. Team composition and experience together are evaluated. RFI0001 14 3/5/2026 Per the Introduction on page 2 of 9 of the Sources Sought Notice, The Clement Zablocki VA Medical Center, Milwaukee, Wisconsin has a requirement for professional architectural and engineering (AE) design services for the design of various Non-Recurring Maintenance (NRM) construction projects that are primarily Architectural in nature, although projects may also include components that fall under additional disciplines e.g. civil, and structural under NAICS Code: 541310. Please list the additional disciplines and key personnel positions that the VA would like to see represented by a resume. The Teams should include disciplines to be capable of a complete design, with architecture lead. Other disciplines could include Plumbing, Structural, Fire Protection, HVAC, Electrical, Cost Estimating, Project Management RFI0001 15 3/5/2026 Will this IDIQ be awarded as a Single Award Task Order Contract (SATOC) or a Multiple Award Task Order Contract (MATOC)? Single Award RFI0001 16 3/5/2026 Do Cover Pages, Cover Letter, and Table of Contents count toward the 75-page limit? Yes RFI0001 17 3/9/2026 The solicitation states that this procurement is restricted to SDVOSB firms located in the general geographical area of the Clement J. Zablocki VA Medical Center. Could the Government clarify how general geographical area will be defined for evaluation purposes? Under RESTRICTIONS in SF-330: in accordance with FAR 5.207(c)(13), this procurement is restricted to Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSBs) located in the general geographical area of the Clement J. Zablocki VA Medical Center, 5000 West National Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53295, have knowledge of the locality of the project, and within the USA. HAS BEEN UPDATED TO READ: RESTRICTIONS: in accordance with FAR 5.207(c)(13), this procurement is set aside for Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSBs). General Geographical Area: Local firms tend to have more location-specific knowledge, which tends to benefit the local VAMC Medical Center. If offeror has ancillary or sub-consultant staff more local to the metro Milwaukee area, that should be noted. Firms lacking a regional presence are not disqualified in the government evaluation. RFI0001 18 3/9/2026 Factor (a)(1) states that discipline leads and senior architects and engineers must have graduated from an ABET-accredited program. Can the Government clarify whether this requirement applies to all proposed discipline leads or only to those disciplines for which ABET accreditation is applicable? See Response 1 RFI0001 19 3/9/2026 For Section F of the SF330, is there a recommended number of relevant project examples the Government would like offerors to include? See Response 10 RFI0001 20 3/9/2026 The submission instructions state that SF330 packages are limited to 75 single-sided pages. Does this page limitation apply to the entire submission, including SF330 Part I, Part II forms for the prime and consultants, and any supplemental documentation such as Past Performance Questionnaires (PPQs), or does the limit apply only to Part I or some combination? Yes, 75 page total limit RFI0001 21 3/9/2026 The announcement header references an RFI/Sources Sought; however, the body outlines a qualifications-based selection process under FAR 36.2. Please confirm that the SF330 submission due March 27, 2026, constitutes the formal qualifications competition for this IDIQ. Request for Qualifications, SF330 are due 3/27/2026. RFI0001 Â 22 3/18/2026 Â Question # 12 is requesting the majority of projects submitted be those with construction nearing completion. Many projects get designed and then are put on the shelf. The construction follows sometimes multiple years after the design is completed. The answers implies a project nearing construction completion will be scored higher than those with just the design completed. We request the criteria be equally graded, since we have no control on when projects proceed to construction. Â Bidder question #12 asks about the acceptability of sending projects that have not been built, which is acceptable. All projects will be evaluated equally regardless of what is sent. Â RFI0002 23 3/18/2026 Question # 20 is requesting the entire package be limited to 75 pages. Evaluation factor g , requests supporting data with awards and special recognition of personnel. Due to the page limitation, can the award data be in a tabular format vs providing the actual award or other proof? Â Â Yes, tabular format is acceptable. Award should be verifiable via website that can be reached by the evaluation team. RFI0002

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kristine Sutton
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Kristine.Sutton@va.gov
  - Phone: 414-844-4867, Please send email

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/996d4630f06c44db8ac6301cf37ea909/view)