---
layout: default
title: 43--PUMP UNIT,HYDRAULIC
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 0e76ae5292694232976686f300be9e9f
---

# 43--PUMP UNIT,HYDRAULIC

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 03:58:00.76-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010422QZA51

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (MAR 2016)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (NAVICP REVIEW FEB 1991)(FEB 1999)|1|See specification sections C and E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|x||x|||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|b| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (DEC 2018)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications Combo - Receiving Report & Invoice - Material ||TBD|N00104|TBD|N45404 - Certifications; SHIP TOO- TBD|N68438|TBD|"A" Condition TRIPER Material ||N/A|N45404 - Certif ications |||SEE DD1423|| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (SEP 2016)|2||| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|one year from date of delivery|one year from date of delivery||||| BUY AMERICAN --FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM - BASIC(DEVIATION 2020-O0019) (JUL 2020))|3|||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (NOV 2020)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE (DEVIATION 2020-O0019) (JUL 2020))|3|||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (NOV 2014)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (JAN 2022)|13|333996|1250|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2|x|| This amend is being issued to extend the closing date to 16 March 2026. This amendment is being issued to increase the quantity from two to four. \ The solicitation closing date is extended to 31 May 2023. 1.This is a procurement for the TRIPER program. 2. As this procurement is for the TRIPER program , in accordance with FederalLaw, DoD and Navy policy, and in conjunction with the Defense Priorities andAllocation System, this contract shall be rated DX. 3. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be issued by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Governments acceptance of the contractors proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to issue contractual documents as detailed herein. 4. As this is a TRIPER item, approval of certifications by SUBMEPP (N45404) prior to shipment of material will be required. 5.Final delivery of material (500 days) \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the PUMP UNIT,HYDRAULIC . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Design, Manufacture, and Performance - The item furnished under this contract/purchase order must meet the design, manufacture, and performance requirements specified on CAGE ;15515; , Drawing ;D-3600; and the applicable SUBMEPP Procurement Instruction ;5560-012-0004 Rev - (CSD360); , except as amplified or modified herein. 3.2 Contract Support Library - Additional requirements for this item are identified as Contract Support Library Reference Number ;CSD360; in ECDS at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS - NOT APPLICABLE. 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking must be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. 5.1.1 Additional Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking requirements are included in the referenced Refurbishment Instruction or Procurement Specification from SUBMEPP. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ DATE OF SUBSEQUENT SUBMISSION=ASREQ See CSD (contract support document) called out within paragraph 3 - Requirements. All CSDs are to be obtained from ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at:https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow)to the maximum extent possible.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176054608
  - Email: MICHAEL.E.THOMAN2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0e76ae5292694232976686f300be9e9f/view