---
layout: default
title: VEHICLE LEASE - KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA (KSA)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 31a594b3f6c74401b1124ddfc7d01974
---

# VEHICLE LEASE - KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA (KSA)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-10 08:17:07.987-04
- Solicitation Number: A041589

## Summary

1. General: This is a commercial supply procurement to meet a recurring supply effort for ground transportation (vehicles). This requirement is to always provide safe and operable vehicles for the U. S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Transatlantic Division, Middle East District (TAM) personnel assigned to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) Area Office. The U.S. Government (USG) will not exercise any supervision or control over the vehicle providers.

1.1 Background: The intent of this acquisition is to award a Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) contract to provide safe and operational vehicles for USACE employees (military and civilian) stationed Outside the Continental United States (OCONUS) at locations within the U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM) Kuwait Area of Responsibility (AOR). The vehicles shall comply with features and standards listed in Part 5 of this PWS.

1.2 Objectives: USACE – TAM requires the Contractor to supply vehicles that are safe, legal to operate throughout KSA, and fully operational which includes but is not limited to licensing; inspections; insurance; toll stickers, as required, and any effort that is necessary to provide safe and operational vehicles.

1.3 Scope: This contract provides up to seven (7) vehicles (six (6) Mid-Size and one (1) Full-Size) for USACE-SWM personnel located within the CENTCOM AOR in Saudi. The Contract requirements shall stipulate the specific vehicle minimum specifications required and/or geographical Performance Work Statement (PWS). The Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) clause 52.217-7, Option for Increased Quantity-Separately Priced Line Item, will be included in the contract and may be exercised at any time during the contract, if determined to be in the best interest of the Government.

1.4 Period of Performance Duration: The contract duration for this requirement includes a 12-month base performance period from 30 July 2026 ending 29 July 2027 and four (4) optional 12-month periods. The Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) clause 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services, will be included in the contract for an additional 6 months. The options may be exercised at any time during the contract, if determined to be in the best interest of the Government. 1.5. Quality/Insurance: The Contractor shall certify in writing that the vehicles meet the requirements of this PWS and all local laws and are covered by a comprehensive insurance plan. All leased vehicles and the Government drivers of the vehicles shall be always covered under the prime contractor and any subcontractors’ Third-Party insurance as required by KSA law, as well as under Comprehensive Motor Insurance policies for the entire duration of the contract. Copies of such policies shall be placed in the glove compartment of each vehicle. The insurance policy coverage shall include, but is not limited to, collision damage, theft, vandalism, forces of nature, injuries to third parties, and property damage. The Contractor shall carry insurance to cover vehicles that are stolen or damaged through accidents, criminal acts, or forces of nature, as required by Saudi law. The insurance shall also cover the costs and damages of any third parties involved in an accident or property damaged because of an accident, whether cause by a US Government employee, military member or third-party user. The insurance shall provide full and complete coverage to the vehicles, with no additional expense or cost to the Government. The insurance policies shall guarantee 100% coverage regardless of fault, and the Government will not be responsible for any deductibles or out-of-pocket expenses. Insurance coverage shall apply both on U.S. military bases in Saudi, and on Saudi public and private property throughout the country of Saudi. 1.5.1 Contractor Identification: Contractor personnel shall wear a Contractor-provided identification card at all times when interacting with Government personnel. Vehicles will not be accepted from Contractor personnel without proper identification. 1.5.2 Time and Place of Delivery: The contractor shall coordinate the delivery of vehicles described in this PWS with the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR). Delivery of the vehicles shall take place in Al Nakhla Compound Saudi or the location specified by the COR. The Contractor shall deliver all vehicles on the first day of the Period of Performance as specified in Parag. 1.4 of this PWS 1.5.3 Safety: The Contractor shall provide safe and operational vehicles, and vehicles shall be in accordance with this PWS. The requirements for safe and operational vehicles include: Each vehicle is fully repaired to like-new condition following any collision, force of nature or other event causing damage, at the Contractor’s expense, regardless of who is at fault or what collided with or otherwise damaged the vehicle. A vehicle is replaced if damaged, non-operating, or malfunctioning with another vehicle of the same specifications as described in this PWS. Performance of all periodic manufacturers recommended inspections, repairs, and maintenance. Maintenance or repairs that is not scheduled but is required to correct deficiencies and to restore the vehicle or equipment to original/efficient, safe and fully operational condition All recall work completed when notice of a recall is received. All Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) parts, including sensors, installed that are operational and replaced when damaged or malfunctioning. All damaged, non-operation, or malfunctioning parts replaced with new parts meeting manufacturer specifications. All manufacturers installed safety items to ensure that glass, seat belts, air bags and stability control systems are fully operations and meet manufacturer specifications at all times. No prior wrecks or damages recorded for the vehicle. Any vehicle determined by the Government to be unreliable or unsafe for use must be replaced. No salvaged titles (vehicles must have a clean title) No previous criminal activity or any infractions on either the car or license plate.

1.6 Type of Contract: Firm Fixed Price. 1. 7 Post-award Conference/Periodic Meetings: The Contractor agrees to attend any post award conference and/or meeting convened, via telephone, or any other platform, by the CONTRACTING OFFICER in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart

42.5 Post-award Orientation. The Contractor agrees to attend periodic meetings with the COR or CONTRACTING OFFICER as necessary. The Contractor shall provide the minutes of the meeting to the COR within three business days of each meeting.

1.8 Contracting Officer’s Representative: The COR monitors compliance with technical requirements of the contract, identified in section 5.2.10 of this document, and assists the CONTRACTING OFFICER with contract administration. The COR is authorized to perform the following functions: assure that the Contractor provides vehicles that meet the requirements of this PWS. There may be additional duties assigned to the COR which will be detailed in a letter of designation issued to the COR, a copy of which will be provided to the Contractor. The COR is not authorized to change any of the terms and conditions of the resulting order. Only a warranted Contracting Officer acting within their appointed limits, has the authority to issue modifications or otherwise changes the terms and conditions of this contract. If an individual other than the CONTRACTING OFFICER attempts to make changes to the terms and conditions of this contract, the Contractor shall not proceed with the change and shall immediately notify the CONTRACTING OFFICER. Proceeding with any work not authorized by the CONTRACTING OFFICER will be at the Contractor’s own risk. PART 2 - DEFINITIONS & ACRONYMS

2.1 DEFINITIONS: 2.1.2 Contractor: A supplier or vendor awarded a contract to provide specific supplies or service to the USG. The term used in this contract refers to the prime contractor. 2.1.3 Contracting Officer: A person with authority to enter into, administer, and or terminate contracts, and make related determinations and findings on behalf of the Government. Note: The Contracting Officer is the only individual who can legally bind the Government contractually. 2.1.4 Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR): An employee of the Government appointed by the CONTRACTING OFFICER to administer the contract. Such appointment shall be in writing and shall state the scope of authority and limitations. This individual has authority to provide technical direction to the Contractor as long as that direction is within the scope of the contract, does not constitute a change, and has no funding implications. This individual does NOT have authority to change the terms and conditions of the contract. A COR will be appointed for this Contract. 2.1.5 Subcontractor: One that enters a contract with a prime contractor. The USG does not have privity of contract with the subcontractor. 2.1.6 Workday: The Contractor shall be available during normal working hours which will be 0800 to 1630 Arabia Standard Time (AST) daily. Additionally, the Contractor shall provide an emergency point of contact (POC) available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 2.1.7 Work Week: - Saturday through Thursday, 0800 – 1630 hours (AST), but may vary. 2.1.8 Fair Wear and Tear: Fair wear and tear is the normal deterioration of vehicle parts attributed to continuous usage or forces of nature. The Contractor shall provide, at no additional cost to the Government, the repair or replacement of all fair wear and tear parts not resulting from abuse, accidents, criminal or hostile acts, or any event not at the fault of the Government. A vehicle may be returned to the Contractor at any time to repair or replace any fair wear and tear parts. A replacement vehicle shall be provided within 3 hours that meets the requirements and specifications as described in the PWS. Examples of fair wear and tear include, but are not limited to, the following: Equipment Fair Wear and Tear Standards Safety Systems All degradation/damage to safety systems including all parking sensors. Engine Components All degradation/damage to all engine components including but not limited to serpentine belts, timing belts, suspension components, batteries, alternators, starters, and water pumps. Undercarriage / Exhaust system All damage/degradation to the undercarriage to include oil pans, mufflers and other components of the undercarriage and exhaust system. Wheel / Tire / Tire Pressure Monitoring Systems (TPMS) All damage/degradation to wheel, tire, and the TPMS Vehicle Exterior Dents/dings equal to or less than 6 inches in diameter for up to 10 dents/dings. (Applies to entirety of vehicle excluding bumpers) Includes any removal/repair due to the application of decals. Due to the austere environment, scratches will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis. Generally, scratches are considered fair wear and tear. All bumper damage. All damage to running boards. Vehicle Interior Seat rips/tears equal to or less than 1 inch in diameter for up to 10 rips/tears. 10 rips/tears are part of normal duties/operation of vehicle. Any seat rips/tears on seams. Soiled interiors with scratches on plastic components. All damage/degradation to seatbelts. Damaged/degraded/missing took kit for changing spare tire. Missing ash trays, cigarette lighters or any other removable component to the vehicle. Vehicle HVAC Systems All degradation/damage/failure of the A/C systems, equipment or parts. Must be in cooling working condition at all times. Lights All degradation/damage/failure to light components and assemblies. Brakes Any degradation/damage to the braking system to include, but not limited to, brake pads, rotors, calipers, brake lines, master cylinder, and brake booster. Windshield & Washing System All degradation/damage to the windshield, windshield wipers, and/or washing system. Side and Rear Windows All degradation/damage to the side and/or rear window and rear window wiper. Defective Material Damage as a result of defective or worn parts. 2.2. ACRONYMS: AOR Area Of Responsibility AST Arabia Standard Time CENTCOM United States Central Command COR Contracting Officer Representative NTV Non-Tactical Vehicle OCONUS Outside the Contiguous United States POC Point of Contact PWS Performance Work Statement SUV Sport Utility Vehicle TAM Transatlantic Middle East District USACE U.S. Army Corps of Engineers USG U.S. Government PART 3 – US GOVERNMENT FURNISHED PROPERTY, EQUIPMENT, AND SERVICES 3. US Government Furnished Items and Services: Not Applicable PART 4 – CONTRACT FURNISHED ITEMS AND SERVICES 4. Technical Requirements: The Contractor shall provide all labor, material, equipment, and supplies to successfully provide sage and operational vehicles, as described in this PWS, upon receipt of a duly executed Contract. The Contractor shall act as the POC for all interaction with the USG.

4.1 Contractor Points-of-Contact (POCs): The Contractor shall provide the Contracting Officer, within seven (7) days after contract award, a Contactor employee contact list with names, email addresses, and telephone numbers of contractor personnel who shall be available during normal duty hours as stated in the contract. The Contractor shall also provide the Contracting Officer with emergency POC information for after normal duty hour emergencies. Refer to paragraph 2.1.6 for the normal duty hours. The contact list shall be updated as changes occur and sent to the Contracting Officer, and copy to the COR, via email no later than the close of the business day when the update was made.

4.2 General Employee Qualifications: The Contractor shall employ persons with the ability to fluently speak, read, write, and understand English to interact with USG personnel.

4.3 Contract Conformance Statement: The Contractor shall provide a signed Letter of Conformance per this contract that states that all vehicles provided are in conformance with all applicable local laws, including but not limited to the required permits, registrations, licenses, and insurance, as well as all contract terms and conditions. PART 5 - SPECIFIC TASKS

5.1 Ground Transportation (Vehicles): The Contractor shall supply a fleet of safe and operational vehicles, as specified within this PWS, and incidental services necessary to provide operational vehicles. Items required to keep a vehicle operational include stickers and decals, if required; registration; comprehensive insurance to the full requirements of local law; licensing; inspections; and whatever effort required to provide safe and operational vehicles. The Contractor shall demonstrate consistent rapid response (if required) and flexibility to provide the means of transport by the date(s) required in the awarded contract. 5.1.1 The Contractor shall provide vehicles free of limitations or surcharges on mileage or usage.

5.2 Vehicle Specifications: The Contractor-provided fleet of vehicles shall be in new or in like new condition (driven less than 25,000 kilometers at delivery). They shall be model year 2026 or newer at the time of acceptance. Vehicle make and model shall be used and tested for a minimum of five (5) years in the GCC region. All vehicles’ windows shall have ceramic window tint to the maximum percentage (%) permissible in accordance with local laws. The COR will inspect Contractor-provided vehicles for adherence with the requirements within this PWS before the vehicles are accepted upon delivery. The Contractor shall submit the vehicle registration book/card and insurance policy, of each vehicle, prior to delivery. 5.2.1 The Contractor shall provide a replacement vehicle that meets the requirements and specifications for that vehicle type for each vehicle that is being exchanged, during periods of service, maintenance, and/or repair. Replacement vehicles need to be delivered to a location specified by the COR within 3 hours of primary vehicle being turned over to the Contractor. The USG will not accept replacement vehicles that do not adhere to the terms and conditions of the contract or as specified within this PWS. 5.2.2 The Contractor provided vehicles shall meet the criteria of the following category: 5.2.3 Full-Size Sport Utility Vehicle (SUV): A Full-Size 4X4 SUV with seating for at least seven passengers, an automatic transmission, an AM/FM stereo and two keys and/or fobs that can unlock all four doors and the back hatch and allow ignition operation. The engine shall have at least a 3.5-liter capacity or greater. Vehicles shall be equipped with four-wheel drive with a two-speed transfer case and selectable or automatic low range transmission. Vehicles shall have a rugged suspension and the capability to driver over rough terrain. Mid-Size Sport Utility Vehicle (SUV): A Mid-Sized sports utility vehicle (SUV) with 4-wheel drive and seating capacity for five people inclusive of jump seats. The minimum acceptable engine displacement is 3.0 liters. 5.2.4 The Contractor-provided SUVs shall have the following additional characteristics: Off-road steel belted radial tires Heavy duty factory installed heating/cooling system Driver and passenger side view mirrors Seat belts Driver and front passenger air bags minimum Fire extinguisher Safety glass on all windows (Safety glass refers to the standard laminated glass safety features) Red Cross approved first aid kit Warning triangle Portable battery jump starter with a minimum of 1700 peak amps Inflated full size spare tire with jack 4-wheel anti-lock brakes Minimum of 2 USB/USB-C ports accessible from the front seats of the vehicle and a rear electrical outlet, suitable for powering peripheral devices. Factory installed GPS or compatibility with Apple CarPlay® / Android Auto® / Google Maps™ Backup camera.

5.3 Traffic fines and other traffic violations are the responsibility of the Government driver. The Contractor shall inform the COR of any violations involving any of its vehicles within 14 calendar days of notification of the fines by the Kuwait authority to the Contractor in order for the Government and Contractor to reconcile these fines. Any violation/fine not reported to the Government within 14 calendar days will be the responsibility of the Contractor. All fines forwarded to the Government must be translated in English. The Government will coordinate settlement of any traffic fine notifications with Government personnel; however, the U.S. Government will have no liability for the fines.

5.4 The Contractor shall coordinate delivery with the COR regarding of all supplied vehicles. The contractor shall ensure that personnel responsible for delivery, exchange, and collection of vehicles for maintenance, repairs and towing have access to Al Nakhla Compund. The Contractor shall deliver the vehicles early enough to be processed for acceptance and be available on the date, time and location specified by the COR. The Contractor shall coordinate date, time and location of vehicle returns with the COR. The Contractor shall deliver vehicles that are clean, both on the exterior and interior, and are free of any rust, soil, dirt, and damage.

5.5 The Contractor shall replace all vehicles within the fleet provided to the Government that reach 120,000 kilometers (or less at Contractor’s discretion) with vehicles that meet all specifications set forth herein and any specifications set forth at no additional cost to the Government. Vehicles, including all engine parts, interior parts, and exterior parts, shall be in good working condition when delivered and during use by the Government. Vehicle tires, vehicle spare tire and replacement tires shall be new, manufactured within less than 2-years from manufacturer date at time of initial delivery and replacement hereon. All vehicle tires, spare tire and replacement tires shall be UTQG (Uniform Tire Quality Grading) heat resistance ‘A’ with a minimum 600 treadwear rating. The Contractor is responsible for replacing broken windshields and flat tires, regardless of fault, at no additional cost to the Government.

5.6 The Contractor and the COR shall perform a joint inspection prior to accepting a vehicle from the Contractor and prior to the Contractor accepting the vehicle from the Government. Any damage shall be documented by photographs and in writing and shall include the date of the inspection and signatures of the individuals performing the inspection. The report shall be submitted to the COR and Contracting Officer within 10 calendar days after the inspection. The COR shall maintain records of vehicles provided to the Government. Vehicles that are replaced and/or loaned to the U.S. Government for any reason will be recorded on the vehicle report. The COR shall provide the Contractor a copy of the vehicle report on a monthly basis.

5.7 The Contractor shall provide vehicle breakdown/recovery service 24 hours a day, 7 days a week throughout Kuwait, whenever a vehicle is determined to be in an inoperable status, as part of the monthly price per vehicle.

5.8 The Contractor shall coordinate directly with the COR to resolve complaints and disputes that occur with the vehicles. If a complaint cannot be resolved to the satisfaction of both parties, the Contracting Officer shall be notified within 15 calendar days for resolution.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Winston Brown
  - Email: Winston.brown@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Iria Morrissette
  - Email: iria.v.morrissette@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/31a594b3f6c74401b1124ddfc7d01974/view)