---
layout: default
title: Coordinate Measurement Machine (CMM) Maintenance and Repair
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: dcacfcb985a8421c9e04221dc924c7c7
---

# Coordinate Measurement Machine (CMM) Maintenance and Repair

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-26 10:29:35.062-04
- Solicitation Number: W15QKN-26-Q-1GBC

## Summary

GENERAL INFORMATION: The Army Contracting Command- New Jersey on behalf of U.S. Army Combat Capabilities Development Command-Armaments Center, ESIC, Quality Engineering & System Assurance Directorate, is issuing a sources sought notice as a means of conducting market research to identify potential sources with information interested in providing preventative maintenance, repair and emergency repair services of Hexagon CMM equipment. The anticipated North American Industry Classification System (NACIS) code assigned to this acquisition is #811210 Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance and Product Service Code #J066 Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment- Instruments and Laboratory Equipment Interested sources should be capable of providing the supplies/services listed under the following technical area: Requirements The contactor shall provide service and maintenance for Hexagon CMMs, Portable Coordinate Measuring Machines (PCMMs) and Optiv equipment, to include software upgrades, system calibration, hardware repairs, preventative maintenance, and helpdesk support. Hexagon Hardware/Software to be included in this maintenance contract: Hardware / Model / Serial Number Hexagon PCMM / Absolute Arm 87 / 8745-7-9685-UC Hexagon CMM / Global I 9208 / 0301-6308 Hexagon CMM / Global A 9128 / 0307-6110 Hexagon CMM / Global I 7107 / 1003-1459 Hexagon CMM / Global Performance 5-5-5 / 0917-1026UA Hexagon CMM / Optiv P 443 / 160601949GC The contractor shall provide a subscription to MyCare Basic for Personal Computer-Dimensional Measurement Interface Specification (PC-DMIS) software listed within this section and shall provide a copy of the End User License Agreement for the MyCare Basic subscription. Included PC-DMIS Software: Software Machine Serial Number (SN) Personal Computer-Dimensional Measurement Interface Specification (PC-DMIS) Portable CAD 8745-7-9685-UC PC-DMIS DCC CAD++, Tool Changer 0301-6308 PC-DMIS DCC CAD++, Tool Changer 0307-6110 PC-DMIS DCC CAD++, Tool Changer 1003-1459 PC-DMIS DCC CAD++, Tool Changer 0917-1026UA PC-DMIS DCC CAD++, AutoPath, Rotary Table, Vision 160601949GC The contractor shall provide software updates to all PC-DMIS software listed in section 3.1 as they become available. The contractor shall provide toll-free telephone technical support. The contractor shall provide 24/7 access to Hexagons Online Technical Support. The contractor shall provide a Hexagon Metrology Portable Hardware Maintenance Agreement (HMA) subscription for the following equipment within this section at the listed subscription level. Subscription Level Machine Serial Number Basic 8745-7-9685-UC Premium for Stationary 0301-6308 Premium for Stationary 0307-6110 Premium for Stationary 1003-1459 Premium for Stationary 0917-1026UA Premium for Stationary 160601949GC The contractor shall repair or replace hardware components and provide evaluation services within 3 business days of being notified of system malfunction. Repair or replacement services will begin within 5 days of Government coordination. The contractor shall furnish all new replacement parts required to keep the system in good working condition. If these parts are not available new, equivalent to new condition performance parts may be substituted. The contractor shall provide the latest version of PolyWorks for Machine SN 8745-7-9685-UC. The contractor shall provide all patches and new releases issued during the course of this support contract. The contractor shall provide access to InnovMetric Software's technical support zone (TSZ). The contractor shall provide video tutorials and training guides. The contractor shall provide macros and visual layouts. The contractor shall provide unlimited Software Technical Support. The contractor shall provide all patches and new releases issued during the course of this support contract. The contractor shall provide annual preventative maintenance services on all CMM hardware listed in section 3.4 of this contract. The contractor shall perform annual calibration on all CMM systems in section 4.4 of this contract and provide written calibration reports. The contractor shall be responsible for shipping costs both to and from the contractor’s facility (or vendor) and Picatinny Arsenal for any parts or materials. The contractor shall be responsible for shipping costs both to and from the contractor’s facility (or vendor) and Picatinny Arsenal in the event the any equipment listed in this contract must be sent to the factory for repair. DISCLAIMER: THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL TO BE SUBMITTED. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO ENTITLEMENT TO PAYMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT OF DIRECT AND/OR INDIRECT COSTS AND/OR CHARGES SHALL ARISE AS A RESULT OF SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION IN RESPONSE TO THIS REQUEST. THE GOVERNMENT SHALL NOT PAY FOR ANY AND ALL INFORMATION AND/OR MATERIALS RECEIVED IN RESPONSE TO THIS REQUEST AND IS IN NO WAY OBLIGATED BY THE INFORMATION RECEIVED. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS RFI IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. All interested and potential firms must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM), and current firms must update once a year to maintain active status. Whether applying for assistance awards, contracts, or other business opportunities, all entities are considered "registrants". Registration in no way guarantees that a contract or assistance award will be awarded. SUBMISSION DETAILS If your organization has the potential capacity to provide the required products/systems, please provide the following information: Organization name, address, cage code, SAM Unique Entity ID, primary points of contact and their email address, website address, telephone number, and type of ownership for the organization. Indicate any active base contract such as an indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity, General Service Administration multiple award schedule, blanket purchase agreement… etc. that can be utilized by the Department of Defense – Army to procure the requirement. A tailored capability statement addressing the requirements of this notice, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. The response shall depict how your organization (with any similarly situated subcontractors if you are a small business) can meet the outlined requirements detailed in Section 1 through 1.8. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver the technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. Please provide any feedback on the technical specifications within Section 1 through 1.8 of this notice. If a small business: Indicate if your organization would be capable and intend for at least 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance to be performed by your organization and any similarly situated subcontractors (See FAR Clause 52.219-14). Your response to this Sources Sought/RFI, including any capabilities statement, shall be electronically submitted to the Contract Specialist, First Last, in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (no more than ten

8.5 X 11 inch pages, font no smaller than 10 point) with a page limit of 10 Pages (not to include drawings, sample test reports) via email kwami.nyaku.civ@army.mil no later than 2:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on April 16th , 2026 and reference the synopsis number in subject line of e-mail and on all enclosed documents.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kwami Nyaku
  - Email: kwami.nyaku.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dcacfcb985a8421c9e04221dc924c7c7/view)