---
layout: default
title: Brand Name Copan Wasp Specimen Processor, Laboratory Supplies, Service Agreement, IHS, Phoenix Indian Medical Center
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 90834aa0bf844673aae5988ad41ff9cd
---

# Brand Name Copan Wasp Specimen Processor, Laboratory Supplies, Service Agreement, IHS, Phoenix Indian Medical Center

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 17:14:52.8-04
- Solicitation Number: RFQ-26-PHX-022

## Summary

Five-Year Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) for Brand Name Copan Wasp Specimen Processor, Laboratory Supplies, Service Agreement Indian Health Service (IHS), Phoenix Area Office (PAO), Division of Acquisition Management (DAM) Place of Performance: Phoenix Indian Medical Center, Phoenix, AZ (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items, prepared in accordance with the format in FAR 12.201-1(e)(3) as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government will award one Firm-Fixed Price BPA contract resulting from this combined synopsis/solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer is conforming to the Brand Name Copan Wasp Specimen Processor, Laboratory Supplies, Service Agreement. Lowest price technically acceptable (LPTA) source selection will be used where best value is expected to result from selection of the technically acceptable proposal with the lowest evaluated price. (ii) Solicitation number is #RFQ-26-PHX-022 and is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). (iii) This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01, Effective 03/13/2026. (iv) This requirement is unrestricted and the associated NAICS Code is 334516. (v) The Contract Line Items (CLINs) are listed on Price Schedule. Offers shall enter all prices for all the CLINS on the Price Schedule. Not providing unit prices for all CLINS for the base and option years shall make your offer non-responsive to the solicitation. See Attachment A - Price Schedule. Offeror can provide listing of items on a separate quote or items on Attachment - A Price Schedule. Prices shall include FOB Destination. (vi) The Indian Health Service (IHS), Phoenix Area Office (PAO), Division of Acquisition Management (DAM) intends to procure for Brand Name Copan Wasp Specimen Processor, Laboratory Supplies, Service Agreement. (vii) Delivery and acceptance terms for this contract award is FOB Destination. Delivery Address: Phoenix Indian Medical Center, 4212 North 16th Street, Bldg-9, Phoenix, AZ 85016, Attention: Laboratory Department. Delivery of supplies are 7 days or sooner After Receipt of Order. (viii) Addendum to FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (MAR 2026) 1. Adherence to Instructions: Offers, including all required documents, must be submitted to the Contact Specialist, Donovan Conley, to Donovan Conley@ihs.gov. Please reference section “ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-2 - Evaluations - Commercial Items” for additional information about Evaluation factors for this solicitation. Documents must be properly executed and submitted not later than the close of business of the offer due date which is April 10, 2026 at 4:00 PM MST (AZ Time). No questions will be taken after March 3, 2026 12:00 PM MST (AZ Time). Only electronic offers will be accepted and emailed to Donovan.Conley@ihs.gov. Any submission of offers after the closing date of the April 10, 2026 at 4:01 PM MST (AZ Time) will not be accepted for consideration. 2. Exceptions to Terms and Conditions: Offerors must clearly identify any exception to solicitation terms and conditions and provide accompanying rationale. 3. Registration in System For Award Management (SAM): In order to be eligible for contract award offerors must be registered in SAM at https://www.sam.gov. 4. Offeror shall provide the following information: UEI Number and TAX ID Number from Attachment C Clause and Administrative Data, page-7, paragraph 5. Contract Administration. 5. Quotation Preparations Instructions for Evaluation Factors: Offeror shall provide information as instructed below in Basis of Award. Basis of Award: This acquisition will utilize Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) source selection procedures were best value is expected to result from selection of the technically acceptable proposal with the lowest evaluated price. By submission of its offer, the Offeror accepts all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, representations and certifications, and technical requirements. Failure to meet a requirement may result in an offer being determined technically unacceptable. In order for an Offeror to be considered for award, the proposal must receive an “Acceptable” rating in every non-price factor. Any proposal receiving a rating of “Unacceptable” in any non-price factor will not be further evaluated. Ratings for Technical: Acceptable – Proposal clearly meets the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Unacceptable – Proposal does not clearly meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. For the purpose of award, the government shall evaluate offers based on the evaluation factors described below: Factor 1 – Technical: Offeror shall provide the following information. 1. Account set-up and ordering information. 3. Service Agreement for five-years. 3. Return policy, Re-stocking Fee, Miscellaneous Fees, etc. Factor 2 – Past Performance: Offerors are required to furnish one to three current, or recently completed Federal, State, local government, or private contracts under which you have provided the same or similar or relevant supplies or services required in this solicitation within the last five (5) years. Provide contact name, period of performance dates, and point of contact, telephone number, and email address. Past performance will be reviewed to assure that the offeror has relevant and successful performance history. Contractor shall notify all references that have been provided to the IHS for their solicitation. Past Performance reference format: Contract Number: ___________________________________ Customer Name :___________________________________ Customer Address:__________________________________ Contact Name:_____________________________________ Contact Telephone No:_______________________________ Contact Email:_____________________________________ Supplies Provided:___________________________________ Period of Performance Dates:___________________________ Contract Amount Including Options: $____________________ Contracting Officer or Contract Specialist: __________________________ The Government may rely on internal documentation including the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS) Past Performance Information Retrieval System (PPIRS) and contracting officer's knowledge of and previous experience with supply or service being acquired for determining Past Performance, if no record of past performance is found in FAPIIS or PPIRS, the contractor shall not receive a favorable or unfavorable rating, but shall receive a rating of neutral. Factor 3 – Price: Offeror shall provide prices using Attachment A – Price Schedule or provide quotation with the items listed from the Price Schedule. Offers shall enter all prices for all the CLINS on the Price Schedule for the Base Year and Options. Not providing prices for all CLINS items shall make your offer non-responsive to the solicitation. The Government will evaluate the quote to determine the price fair and reasonableness in accordance with FAR 12-204. Offer must be good for 120 calendar days after submission. FOB Destination CONUS (Continental U.S.). Shipping charges shall be included in the purchase cost of the product. Sellers shall deliver the products on their own conveyance to the location listed on the award. (ix) Addendum to FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Item (MAR 2026). (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Award will be made on the basis of the lowest evaluated price of proposals meeting or exceeding the acceptability standards for non-cost factors (Lowest Price Technically Acceptable), FAR 15.103-2. All evaluation factors, except price, are evaluated on a Pass/Fail basis. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Factor 1 - Technical 1. Account set-up and ordering information. 2. Service Agreement. 3. Return policy, Re-stocking Fee, Miscellaneous Fees, etc. Factor 2 – Past Performance Factor 3 – Price (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (x) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items (Oct 2025), with its offer. (xi) FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items (MAR 2026) applies to this acquisition. Addendum to FAR 52.212-4 (g) Invoices. 1. Invoices: Invoices shall be submitted in ARREARS: a. Quarterly [ ] b. Semi-Annually [ ] c. Other [X] After shipment of order(s). 2. Invoice Instructions: Invoicing will be completed electronically at www.ipp.gov or any successor site. Note: The IPP Helpdesk is itservicedesk@fiscal.treasury.gov HHSAR Clause 352.232-71 Electronic Submission of Invoice Payment Requests (Feb 2022) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause -- Payment request means a bill, voucher, invoice, or request for contract financing payment with associated supporting documentation. The payment request must comply with the requirements identified in FAR 32.905(b), ‘Content of Invoices’ and the applicable Payment clause included in this contract. (b) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this clause, the Contractor shall submit payment requests electronically using the Department of Treasury Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) or successor system. Information regarding IPP, including IPP Customer Support contact information, is available at www.ipp.gov or any successor site. (c) The Contractor may submit payment requests using other than IPP only when the Contracting Officer authorizes alternate procedures in writing in accordance with HHS procedures. (d) If alternate payment procedures are authorized, the Contractor shall include a copy of the Contracting Officer's written authorization with each payment request. (END OF CLAUSE) Technical Point of Contact (TPOC): Deana Thompson, Deana.Thompson@ihs.gov Contract Specialist: Donovan Conley, Donovan.Conley@ihs.gov (xii) FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders -Commercial Items (MAR 2026), see Attachment C, Clauses and Administrative Data. (xiii) Additional solicitation provisions used for Acquisition of Commercial Items and attachments used for this Combined Synopsis-Solicitation. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) mandates that U.S. federal agencies use the Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6). In November 2020, OMB issued memorandum M-21-07 "Completing the Transition to IPv6", which outlines the Federal government's strategic intent "to deliver its information services, operate its networks, and access the services of others using only IPv6". The IHS requires all new IT systems (hardware and software) to operate in a pure IPv6 network environment. This includes on-premises services or third-party hosted services that require network integration into the IHS network. The Offeror's solution shall comply with the IPv6 standards profile as defined by the NIST USGv6 Program: https://www.nist.gov/programs-projects/usgv6-program Register in Invoice Processing Platform (IPP): In compliance with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) M-15-19 memorandum “Improving Government Efficiency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars Through Electronic Invoicing” directing Federal agencies to adopt electronic invoicing as the primary means to disburse payment to vendors. Invoices submitted under any award resulting from this solicitation will be required to utilize the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) in accordance with HHSAR 352.232-71, Electronic Submission and Processing of Payment Requests” IPP is a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Bureau of the Fiscal Service, in partnership with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis (FRSTL). Respondents to this solicitation are encouraged to register an account with IPP if they have not already done so. If your organization is already registered to use IPP, you will not be required to re-register- however, we encourage you make sure your organization and designated IPP user accounts are valid and up to date. Provisions: FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (Mar 2026) FAR 52.216-1 Type of Contract (Mar 2026), The Government contemplates award of a Firm-Fixed Price award resulting from this solicitation. FAR 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (Mar 2026) Attachments: 1. RFQ-26-PHX-022, 7-pages 2. A – Price Schedule, 1-page 3. B – Statement of Work 6-pages 4. C – BPA Terms and Conditions, 4-pages 5. D – Clauses and Administrative Data, 8-pages 6. E – 2025 AZ Tax Exempt Letter, 4-pages 7. F – Brand Name Justification, 4-pages (xiv) n/a (xv) RFQs are due by 4:00 PM MST on April 10, 2025. Email the RFQ offers to Donovan.Conley@ihs.gov. Questions are due before April 10, 2025 at 12:00 PM MST. Offeror must confirm IHS receipt of their offer(s). You are reminded that representatives from your company SHALL NOT contact any PIMC employees to discuss this RFQ during this RFQ process. All questions and concerns regarding this RFQ shall be directed to Donovan Conley Contract Administrator or Contracting Officer Jeremy Steel. (xvi) Contract Specialist: Donovan Conley, Donvan.Conley@ihs.gov Contracting Officer: Jeremy Steel, Jeremy.Steel@ihs.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Donovan Conley
  - Email: Donovan.Conley@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6023645174
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jeremy Steel
  - Email: jeremy.steel@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6023645264

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Price Schedule. Offeror can provide listing of items on a separate quote or items on Attachment - A Price Schedule. Prices shall include FOB Destination. (vi) The Indian Health Service (IHS), Phoenix Area Office (PAO), Division of Acquisition Management (DAM) intends to procure for Brand Name Copan Wasp Specimen Processor, Laboratory Supplies, Service Agreement. (vii) Delivery and acceptance terms for this contract award is FOB Destination. Delivery Address: Phoenix Indian Medical Center, 4212 North 16th Street, Bldg-9, Phoenix, AZ 85016, Attention: Laboratory Department. Delivery of supplies are 7 days or sooner After Receipt of Order. (viii) Addendum to FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (MAR 2026) 1. Adherence to Instructions: Offers, including all required documents, must be submitted to the Contact Specialist, Donovan Conley, to Donovan Conley@ihs.gov. Please reference section “ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-2 - Evaluations - Commercial Items” for additional information about Evaluation factors for this solicitation. Documents must be properly executed and submitted not later than the close of business of the offer due date which is April 10, 2026 at 4:00 PM MST (AZ Time). No questions will be taken after March 3, 2026 12:00 PM MST (AZ Time). Only electronic offers will be accepted and emailed to Donovan.Conley@ihs.gov. Any submission of offers after the closing date of the April 10, 2026 at 4:01 PM MST (AZ Time) will not be accepted for consideration. 2. Exceptions to Terms and Conditions: Offerors must clearly identify any exception to solicitation terms and conditions and provide accompanying rationale. 3. Registration in System For Award Management (SAM): In order to be eligible for contract award offerors must be registered in SAM at https://www.sam.gov. 4. Offeror shall provide the following information: UEI Number and TAX ID Number from Attachment C Clause and Administrative Data, page-7, paragraph 5. Contract Administration. 5. Quotation Preparations Instructions for Evaluation Factors: Offeror shall provide information as instructed below in Basis of Award. Basis of Award: This acquisition will utilize Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) source selection procedures were best value is expected to result from selection of the technically acceptable proposal with the lowest evaluated price. By submission of its offer, the Offeror accepts all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, representations and certifications, and technical requirements. Failure to meet a requirement may result in an offer being determined technically unacceptable. In order for an Offeror to be considered for award, the proposal must receive an “Acceptable” rating in every non-price factor. Any proposal receiving a rating of “Unacceptable” in any non-price factor will not be further evaluated. Ratings for Technical: Acceptable – Proposal clearly meets the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Unacceptable – Proposal does not clearly meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. For the purpose of award, the government shall evaluate offers based on the evaluation factors described below: Factor 1 – Technical: Offeror shall provide the following information. 1. Account set-up and ordering information. 3. Service Agreement for five-years. 3. Return policy, Re-stocking Fee, Miscellaneous Fees, etc. Factor 2 – Past Performance: Offerors are required to furnish one to three current, or recently completed Federal, State, local government, or private contracts under which you have provided the same or similar or relevant supplies or services required in this solicitation within the last five (5) years. Provide contact name, period of performance dates, and point of contact, telephone number, and email address. Past performance will be reviewed to assure that the offeror has relevant and successful performance history. Contractor shall notify all references that have been provided to the IHS for their solicitation. Past Performance reference format: Contract Number: ___________________________________ Customer Name :___________________________________ Customer Address:__________________________________ Contact Name:_____________________________________ Contact Telephone No:_______________________________ Contact Email:_____________________________________ Supplies Provided:___________________________________ Period of Performance Dates:___________________________ Contract Amount Including Options: $____________________ Contracting Officer or Contract Specialist: __________________________ The Government may rely on internal documentation including the Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS) Past Performance Information Retrieval System (PPIRS) and contracting officer"s knowledge of and previous experience with supply or service being acquired for determining Past Performance, if no record of past performance is found in FAPIIS or PPIRS, the contractor shall not receive a favorable or unfavorable rating, but shall receive a rating of neutral. Factor 3 – Price: Offeror shall provide prices using Attachment A – Price Schedule or provide quotation with the items listed from the Price Schedule. Offers shall enter all prices for all the CLINS on the Price Schedule for the Base Year and Options. Not providing prices for all CLINS items shall make your offer non-responsive to the solicitation. The Government will evaluate the quote to determine the price fair and reasonableness in accordance with FAR 12-204. Offer must be good for 120 calendar days after submission. FOB Destination CONUS (Continental U.S.). Shipping charges shall be included in the purchase cost of the product. Sellers shall deliver the products on their own conveyance to the location listed on the award. (ix) Addendum to FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Item (MAR 2026). (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Award will be made on the basis of the lowest evaluated price of proposals meeting or exceeding the acceptability standards for non-cost factors (Lowest Price Technically Acceptable), FAR 15.103-2. All evaluation factors, except price, are evaluated on a Pass/Fail basis. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Factor 1 - Technical 1. Account set-up and ordering information. 2. Service Agreement. 3. Return policy, Re-stocking Fee, Miscellaneous Fees, etc. Factor 2 – Past Performance Factor 3 – Price (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (x) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items (Oct 2025), with its offer. (xi) FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items (MAR 2026) applies to this acquisition. Addendum to FAR 52.212-4 (g) Invoices. 1. Invoices: Invoices shall be submitted in ARREARS: a. Quarterly [ ] b. Semi-Annually [ ] c. Other [X] After shipment of order(s). 2. Invoice Instructions: Invoicing will be completed electronically at www.ipp.gov or any successor site. Note: The IPP Helpdesk is itservicedesk@fiscal.treasury.gov HHSAR Clause 352.232-71 Electronic Submission of Invoice Payment Requests (Feb 2022) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause -- Payment request means a bill, voucher, invoice, or request for contract financing payment with associated supporting documentation. The payment request must comply with the requirements identified in FAR 32.905(b), ‘Content of Invoices’ and the applicable Payment clause included in this contract. (b) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this clause, the Contractor shall submit payment requests electronically using the Department of Treasury Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) or successor system. Information regarding IPP, including IPP Customer Support contact information, is available at www.ipp.gov or any successor site. (c) The Contractor may submit payment requests using other than IPP only when the Contracting Officer authorizes alternate procedures in writing in accordance with HHS procedures. (d) If alternate payment procedures are authorized, the Contractor shall include a copy of the Contracting Officer"s written authorization with each payment request. (END OF CLAUSE) Technical Point of Contact (TPOC): Deana Thompson, Deana.Thompson@ihs.gov Contract Specialist: Donovan Conley, Donovan.Conley@ihs.gov (xii) FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders -Commercial Items (MAR 2026), see Attachment C, Clauses and Administrative Data. (xiii) Additional solicitation provisions used for Acquisition of Commercial Items and attachments used for this Combined Synopsis-Solicitation. The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) mandates that U.S. federal agencies use the Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6). In November 2020, OMB issued memorandum M-21-07 "Completing the Transition to IPv6", which outlines the Federal government"s strategic intent "to deliver its information services, operate its networks, and access the services of others using only IPv6". The IHS requires all new IT systems (hardware and software) to operate in a pure IPv6 network environment. This includes on-premises services or third-party hosted services that require network integration into the IHS network. The Offeror"s solution shall comply with the IPv6 standards profile as defined by the NIST USGv6 Program: https://www.nist.gov/programs-projects/usgv6-program Register in Invoice Processing Platform (IPP): In compliance with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) M-15-19 memorandum “Improving Government Efficiency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars Through Electronic Invoicing” directing Federal agencies to adopt electronic invoicing as the primary means to disburse payment to vendors. Invoices submitted under any award resulting from this solicitation will be required to utilize the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) in accordance with HHSAR 352.232-71, Electronic Submission and Processing of Payment Requests” IPP is a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Bureau of the Fiscal Service, in partnership with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis (FRSTL). Respondents to this solicitation are encouraged to register an account with IPP if they have not already done so. If your organization is already registered to use IPP, you will not be required to re-register- however, we encourage you make sure your organization and designated IPP user accounts are valid and up to date. Provisions: FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (Mar 2026) FAR 52.216-1 Type of Contract (Mar 2026), The Government contemplates award of a Firm-Fixed Price award resulting from this solicitation. FAR 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (Mar 2026) Attachments: 1. RFQ-26-PHX-022, 7-pages 2. A – Price Schedule, 1-page 3. B – Statement of Work 6-pages 4. C – BPA Terms and Conditions, 4-pages 5. D – Clauses and Administrative Data, 8-pages 6. E – 2025 AZ Tax Exempt Letter, 4-pages 7. F – Brand Name Justification, 4-pages (xiv) n/a (xv) RFQs are due by 4:00 PM MST on April 10, 2025. Email the RFQ offers to Donovan.Conley@ihs.gov. Questions are due before April 10, 2025 at 12:00 PM MST. Offeror must confirm IHS receipt of their offer(s). You are reminded that representatives from your company SHALL NOT contact any PIMC employees to discuss this RFQ during this RFQ process. All questions and concerns regarding this RFQ shall be directed to Donovan Conley Contract Administrator or Contracting Officer Jeremy Steel. (xvi) Contract Specialist: Donovan Conley, Donvan.Conley@ihs.gov Contracting Officer: Jeremy Steel, Jeremy.Steel@ihs.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/90834aa0bf844673aae5988ad41ff9cd/view)