---
layout: default
title: M1A2 & M1A3 Bangalore Torpedo Demo Kit
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9b979cdf2e8c4ba9b58ba55f4e68de39
---

# M1A2 & M1A3 Bangalore Torpedo Demo Kit

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 09:19:06.776-04
- Solicitation Number: W519TC-26-R-BANGALORE

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT FOR DEMOLITION KIT, BANGALORE TORPEDO, M1A2 & M1A3 The U.S. Army Contracting Command – Rock Island (ACC-RI), on behalf of the Office of the Project Manager Close Combat Systems (OPM-CCS), is conducting ongoing market research to identify potential sources capable of manufacturing and delivering the DEMOLITION KIT, BANGALORE TORPEDO: 5FT, M1A2 (DODIC[TV2] : M028, NSN 1375-00-926-1948) and the DEMOLITION KIT, BANGALORE TORPEDO: 2.5FT, M1A3 (DODIC: MP03, NSN 1375-01-528-7226). The U.S. Government is considering a firm-fixed-price production contract with five one-year ordering periods, and a yearly production quantity of approximately 700-1,500 of each the M1A2 and M1A3. Based on the responses submitted in response to this Sources Sought notice/market research, these requirements may be set-aside for small businesses (in full or in part), procured through full and open competition, or awarded on a sole source basis. All small business set-aside socio-economic categories will be considered. PROGRAM/SYSTEM DESCRIPTION DODIC: M028 DEMOLITION KIT, BANGALORE TORPEDO, 5FT, M1A2 P/N 13113421 / NSN: 1375-00-926-1948 The M1A2 Bangalore Torpedo Demolition Kit consists of ten (10), 5-foot tubes with ten (10) connecting sleeves, ten (10) priming adapters, and one (1) nose sleeve. Each tube is filled with a main charge of approximately 10.5 pounds of Composition B-4 explosive. A booster assembly, located at each end of the tube, contains 0.25 pounds (0.5 pounds total) of Composition A-3. The tubes are joined end-to-end by connecting sleeves until the desired length is attained. The maximum total system length is 50 feet. DODIC: MP03 DEMOLITION KIT, BANGALORE TORPEDO: 2.5FT, M1A3 P/N 13010551 / NSN: 1375-01-528-7226 The M1A3 Bangalore Torpedo Demolition Kit consists of eight (8) 2.5-foot tubes with eight (8) connecting sleeves, eight (8) priming adapters, and two (2) nose cone sleeves. Each tube is filled with a main charge of approximately 5.25 pounds of Composition B-4 explosive. A booster assembly, located at each end of the tube, contains 0.25 pounds (0.5 pounds total) of Composition A-3. The tubes are joined end-to-end by connecting sleeves until the desired length is attained. The maximum total system length is 20 feet. The primary use of the Bangalore Torpedo Demolition Kit is to clear a three to four meter wide path through barbed wire entanglements. The nose cone sleeve, secured to the lead tube, facilitates pushing the tube(s) through the obstacle without getting tangled. After one or more assembled tubes have been positioned under the obstacle, the tubes are detonated using a blasting cap or other initiating methods. REQUIRED CAPABILITIES: The intent of this Sources Sought Notice is to identify and assess sources capable of manufacturing, packaging, inspecting, testing, and delivering the Bangalore Torpedo [TV6] Demolition Kits in accordance with the Government-owned Technical Data Packages (TDPs). The respondent must have available most of the skills, facilities, and equipment to manufacture, test/inspect, and deliver the Bangalore Torpedo Demolition Kits. Specific manufacturing capabilities include, but are not limited to, manufacturing and processing metal parts, explosive loading and handling, and Load Assemble Pack (LAP) of the final products/kits. First Article Testing (FAT) as well as conformance/Lot Acceptance Testing (LAT) at the component and end-item level, to include physical measurements and functional testing, will be required. If a respondent does not have the adequate resources (technical, manufacturing, personnel, etc.) available, the respondent must be able to describe and demonstrate their ability to obtain these resources in a timely fashion. If a respondent chooses to utilize the services of sub-tier vendors or subcontractors, those vendors or subcontractors must also meet these criteria. TECHNICAL DATA PACKAGES/SPECIFICATIONS For the purposes of this market research, TDPs for each configuration will be made available upon request to assist a contractor in responding to this notice. Requests for the technical data must be made through the contracting point of contact following the instructions provided below; however, respondents will not be precluded from submitting their capabilities/qualification data and any pertinent information if the TDP is not obtained. Respondents who request and receive TDPs shall destroy them in accordance with DoD 5220.22-M or DoD 5200.1-R upon the closure of market survey. To[TV7] request access, log in to SAM.gov, go to the applicable notice under Contracting Opportunities within SAM.gov, select the "Attachments / Links" tab, and then click on the “Request Explicit Access” button. A copy of an approved DD2345 for the data custodian making the request will need to be provided to the contracting officer and contract specialist via email for this procurement in order to be approved explicit access. Completion of a Use and Non-Disclosure Agreement form may be required prior to gaining access to the TDP. Please allow 2-3 working days to process your request. You will receive a system generated email from "donotrely@sam.gov" saying "A Notice Manager from ACC-RI has updated your access to Controlled Documents. Click here to sign in and view the request details or go to the notice to access the Controlled Documents." If your request is denied you will be able to see further details of why you were and how to proceed. ELIGIBILITY The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement is 332993 – Ammunition (except Small Arms) Manufacturing, with a Small Business Administration size standard of 1,500 employees. The Product and Service Code (PSC) is 1375 – Demolition Materials. Please indicate your organization’s size status, including any socio-economic certification of 8(a) Program, HUBZone, Veteran-Owned (VOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB), or Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB) status in your response. SUBMISSION DETAILS RESPONSES: Companies capable of manufacturing the M2A1 and M1A3 are invited to indicate their interest by providing the U.S. Government with the following information: Name of company and CAGE code Point of contact name, telephone number and E-mail address Company address Business size information Identification of whether you are interested in this opportunity as a prime or a subcontractor. Provide a brief summary of the company's capabilities (a description of the facilities, personnel experience, quality system, and past/current relevant manufacturing experience and processes). If a company does not currently have all necessary capabilities, describe how it will obtain those additional resources within 120 days after contract award. Discuss the feasibility of or alternatives to the U.S. Government's preferred lead-time of 270 days after award for FAT and 365 days after award for production deliveries to commence. Identify if your company has ever produced the items. If so, please state when it was last produced, who the customer was, the production rate under that contract, and the contract number. Please include any assumptions made, recommendations regarding price range breaks, or any additional information you feel might be useful to the U.S. Government if it is determined to proceed with a formal Request for Proposal (RFP). Provide the minimum stand-alone order quantity necessary to go into production of Bangalore, initially and for any potential follow-on order. Due to current global supply chain and other factors, respondents are asked to identify any components or materials that may be subject to price volatility or scarcity and address what their firm is doing to mitigate risk related to obtaining materials, price impacts, and production stability. Your response to this Sources Sought Notice, including any capabilities statement, shall be electronically submitted to the Contract Specialist, David Shaffer, in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF), via email david.v.shaffer.civ@army.mil no later than 3:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 29 April 2026. Please reference the notice number in the subject line of the e-mail and on all enclosed documents. Email submittals are restricted to a maximum file size of eight (8) Megabytes (MB). In the event that the email submission is larger than 8MB, separate into several emails or contact the contract specialist for additional instructions. Information and materials submitted in response to this request WILL NOT be returned. DO NOT SUBMIT CLASSIFIED MATERIAL. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. DISCLAIMER THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) TO BE SUBMITTED. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS NOTICE IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. PLEASE see Sources Sought document.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Megan Kirby
  - Email: megan.m.kirby.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5715888582
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: David Shaffer
  - Email: David.v.Shaffer.civ@Army.mil
  - Phone: 5203960120

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9b979cdf2e8c4ba9b58ba55f4e68de39/view)