---
layout: default
title: 7110--Inpatient Mental Health Furniture
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 5352884785934d1ba6e13c3b73489f27
---

# 7110--Inpatient Mental Health Furniture

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-24 14:00:50.271-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0714
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) SOURCES SOUGHT IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR MARKET RESEARCH AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION 1. Responses to this Sources Sought must be in writing. The purpose of this Sources Sought Announcement is for market research only to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of Small Businesses , including Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses and Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB/VOSB), who are interested in submitting proposals for this procurement and who are capable of performing the work required for this procurement. 2. The NAICS for this requirement is 337214 Office Furniture (Except Wood) Manufacturing 3. The Contractor shall provide Inpatient Mental Health Office Furniture for the San Diego VA Healthcare System (SDVAHCS) (see attached DRAFT SOW). The required products shall be provided by the contractor along with all resources necessary to accomplish the deliverables described in the attached Draft Statement of Work (SOW). 4. Interested and capable Contractors are encouraged to respond to this notice not later than May 7th, 2026, at 08:00 AM PDT, by providing the following information via email only to brian.workman@va.gov. (a) Company name (b) Address (c) Point of contact (d) Phone, fax, and email of primary point of contact (e) Contractor s Unique Entity ID (SAM) number (f) Type of small business, if applicable, (e.g. Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), 8(a), HUB-Zone, Woman Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, or Small Business). (g) Statement indicating whether your company is considered small under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI. (h) Statement indicating the product name of the Inpatient Mental Health Office Furniture for the SDVAHCS that you intend to provide. (i) Statement indicating whether you are the manufacturer of the Inpatient Mental Health Office Furniture s that you intend to provide for this procurement. If you intend to provide the prodcut by a company other than your own, state the name of the company whose Inpatient Mental Health Office Furniture product you intend to provide, the country of origin, and whether the company that manufactures that product is a small business under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI. (j) Statement indicating if you have a current contract to provide the Inpatient Mental Health Office Furniture that you intend to provide for this procurement, along with the installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance services required by this procurement, under either the General Services Administration (GSA) Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) or with the VA National Acquisition Center (NAC), National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Solutions for Enterprise-Wide Procurement (SEWP), or any other federal contract. If yes, provide the contract type and contract number, as well as the identity of the federal agency with whom you hold that contract. (k) Statement indicating if your Inpatient Mental Health Office Furniture that you intent to provide for this procurement was assessed by VA Technical Reference Model Management Group and currently approved for use in the VA. (l) Statement indicating how many calendar days you estimate it would take you to implement, configure, and validate Inpatient Mental Health Office Furniture product that you intend to provide for this procurement in a medical center similar to the VA Medical Center. (m) General pricing for your products/solutions for market research purposes. (n) A capability statement that provides detailed information for one or more reference contracts that demonstrate your experience providing Inpatient Mental Health Office Furniture that meets the requirements described in the attached Draft Salient Characteristics and demonstrates your experience providing the installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance services required by this procurement. GENERAL STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITY ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract the respondent identifies as evidence of the respondent s capability to perform the work required by this procurement. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract: (1) the legal name of entity with whom the respondent held the contract; (2) the contract number; (3) a description providing details of the specific tasks the respondent performed under that contract; (4) the dates during which the respondent performed the contract; (5) the name, phone number, and email address of a person at the entity with whom the respondent held the contract who can verify the information the respondent provides regarding this reference contract. If a respondent offers to demonstrate experience through the proposed use of subcontractors, the respondent must provide all of the information required above for one or more reference contracts performed by each subcontractor the respondent intends to use. NOTE: The information requested above is required for the Government to evaluate whether there are sufficient small business concerns of a particular type who are capable of performing the work required by this procurement to determine if this procurement should be set aside for a given type of small business concern. FAILURE TO SUBMIT ALL OF THE INFORMATION REQUESTED ABOVE TO SUPPORT A RESPONDENT S CLAIMED EXPERIENCE MAY BE VIEWED BY THE GOVERNMENT AS EVIDENCE THAT THE RESPONDENT LACKS THE ABILITY TO PROVIDE THE SUPPLY/SERVICE REQUIRED BY THIS PROCUREMENT. THIS, IN TURN, MAY AFFECT THE GOVERNMENT S DETERMINATION ABOUT WHETHER THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A SET-ASIDE PROCUREMENT HAVE BEEN MET. 5. All Offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database found at https://www.sam.gov. Registration must include Representations and Certifications. 6. Small Business respondents.(a) If respondent is VOSB or SDVOSB, respondent is encouraged to provide proof of www.vetbiz.gov certification. In addition, SDVOSB/VOSB Contractors are asked to acknowledge that they understand the limitations on sub-contracting pursuant to FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Sub-Contracting, which will be included in the impending solicitation. Further SDVOSB/VOSB contractors are asked to respond that they are capable of providing the requested services keeping within the parameters of this clause. (b) Small businesses, including SDVOSB/VOSBS are also advised that per 13 CFR, § 125.6 the prime contractor's limitations on subcontracting are as follows: (1) General. In order to be awarded a full or partial small business set-aside contract with a value greater than $150,000, an 8(a) contract, an SDVO SBC contract, a HUBZone contract, a WOSB or EDWOSB contract pursuant to part 127 of this chapter, a small business concern must agree that: (2) In the case of a contract for services (except construction), it will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not similarly situated. Any work that a similarly situated subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the 50% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. (c) Please note that if VA s pending market research establishes that two or more verified VOSB or SDVOSB can provide the services required, VA will set aside the underlying solicitation per 38 U.S.C. §8127. --End of Sources Sought Announcement-- DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. ________________________________________________________________________ DRAFT SOW DRAFT - STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) As of April 24th,2026 DRAFT - STATEMENT OF WORK GENERAL SCOPE The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) has a BRAND NAME requirement for healthcare furniture for the medical facility, that meet the VHA specifications and high-quality threshold while integrating excellent environmental stewardship. This requirement includes healthcare furniture and warranty services. Healthcare Furniture technical requirements per VHA Healthcare Furniture VA POC is Lina Scally. Healthcare furnishing includes Behavioral Health Furniture. No wood materials will be utilized due to infection control requirements. The contractor shall provide all labor, materials, equipment, transportation, and supervision necessary to satisfy the needs of each ordering activity. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS The contractor shall provide and be responsible for the technical assistance, development, and generation for final specifications. Furniture delivery VA San Diego, 3350 La Jolla Village Drive San Diego CA 92161, Duty hours will be 7am 3pm. The Government recognized US holidays are: New Year s Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, Presidents Day, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. If the holiday falls on Sunday, it is observed on Monday. The contractor shall: Coordinate and provide project management of all products and services to manage, order, ship, deliver and new furniture from the manufacturer until final acceptance by VA Point of Contact (POC) or usually the interior designer. Project phasing and scheduling requirements to include planning, manufacturing, and project management. Verify that staff can meet delivery. Include Contract Number and Purchase Order (PO) number on all shipping labels. Not place product into production without clearance from the VA POC. Provide 30 days of free storage. PRODUCT General All finished surfaces shall be free of scratches, mars, dents, or blemishes, and withstand staining, and exhibit to flaking, cracking, or loss or adhesion. Furnishings shall have smooth finishes with no hazardous projections, sharp corners, or detail, which can be hazardous and cause personal injury or damage to clothing. See attachment for technical requirement of products. Basis of Design may be used, but are provided for layout and aesthetic purposes only and does not indicate a preferred manufacturer by the VA. BRAND NAME OR EQUAL See Salient Characteristics OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTATION Vendors must submit: Cut sheets with product detail for each line item in a PDF format. SERVICES Service required is detailed in [SV1] Design Contract Tasks/Requirements The product must not be placed into production without clearance from the VA POC. The contractor shall track manufacturing schedule and notify VA Interior Designer with updates of estimated completion date by email. The contractor shall attend a post-installation meeting to assess, address, and document any punch-list items and shall submit to the VA Interior Designer a remediation plan within 5 business days. The contractor shall provide 30 days free storage. [30 days standard. Edit for additional time if needed] The Government maintains the option to modify the normal work week, days, and hours, as necessary for the accomplishment of VHA mission. Work Required by Others All work required by other trades shall be identified under this section by the Bidder. Installation Duty hours will be Monday Friday, 7am 3pm. Loading dock is provided for vendor to offload material. VA Designer employee will be on-site day of installation to guide installers to elevators & access room. Warranty Provide standard manufacturer s warranty that product is free from defects in materials and workmanship (includes shipping, parts and labor for repair or replacement of defective items). *For each line item, vendors shall provide the manufacturer name, part number, description, country of origin, BAA/TAA compliance status, COTS status, contract number (if on FSS/SEWP/NAC), or confirmation that the item is open-market. B.2 PRICE/COST SCHEDULE ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

16.00 EA __________________ __________________ 1CST-9090-PAG-MAW CUMULUS Dining Table 35.43 x 35.43 in. White Top 0002

64.00 EA __________________ __________________ 1RYG-00-MG RYNO Dining Chair

2.0 Moonwalk Grey (unweighted 0003

24.00 EA __________________ __________________ 1RYOWS-00-MG RYNO Open Modular Storage, Moonwalk Gray 0004

29.00 EA __________________ __________________ 1RYOB-200-MG RYNO Nightstand, Moonwalk Gray, excl. floor fixing kit 0005

29.00 EA __________________ __________________ 1RYOD-00-MG RYNO Desk, Moonwalk Gray, excl. floor fixing ki 0006

29.00 EA __________________ __________________ 1RYA-100-MG RYNO Twin Bed 3' Moonwalk Gray, incl. floor fixing kit 0007

29.00 EA __________________ __________________ 1AMR-001 ALPINE Foam Mattress for Ryno Twin Bed 6'' 0008

5.00 EA __________________ __________________ 1RYF-00-MG RYNO Coffee Table, Moonwalk Gray, (Unweighted) 0009

29.00 EA __________________ __________________ 1BLD-00-MG BOLD Chair, Moonwalk Gray 0010

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ SHIPPING 0011

16.00 EA __________________ __________________ Harmony Round Back Lounge Chair GS28F013DA Full Apron, Clean Out Seat, Back, Arm Fabric: Grd H, TBD Arm Cap Color: Black LA-2xxx0xxxxAxxxx 0012

4.00 EA __________________ __________________ RipTide Wishbone Color: TBD RT35 0013

4.00 EA __________________ __________________ RIPTIDE BENCH COLOR TBD 0014

24.00 EA __________________ __________________ GOBY LOUNGE CHAIR COLOR TBD 0015

9.00 EA __________________ __________________ GOBY LOVESEAT COLOR TBD GRAND TOTAL __________________

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Workman, Brian
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: brian.workman@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: flaking, cracking, or loss or adhesion. Furnishings shall have smooth finishes with no hazardous projections, sharp corners, or detail, which can be hazardous and cause personal injury or damage to clothing. See attachment for technical requirement of products. Basis of Design may be used, but are provided for layout and aesthetic purposes only and does not indicate a preferred manufacturer by the VA. BRAND NAME OR EQUAL See Salient Characteristics OTHER REQUIRED DOCUMENTATION Vendors must submit: Cut sheets with product detail for each line item in a PDF format. SERVICES Service required is detailed in [SV1] Design Contract Tasks/Requirements The product must not be placed into production without clearance from the VA POC. The contractor shall track manufacturing schedule and notify VA Interior Designer with updates of estimated completion date by email. The contractor shall attend a post-installation meeting to assess, address, and document any punch-list items and shall submit to the VA Interior Designer a remediation plan within 5 business days. The contractor shall provide 30 days free storage. [30 days standard. Edit for additional time if needed] The Government maintains the option to modify the normal work week, days, and hours, as necessary for the accomplishment of VHA mission. Work Required by Others All work required by other trades shall be identified under this section by the Bidder. Installation Duty hours will be Monday Friday, 7am 3pm. Loading dock is provided for vendor to offload material. VA Designer employee will be on-site day of installation to guide installers to elevators & access room. Warranty Provide standard manufacturer s warranty that product is free from defects in materials and workmanship (includes shipping, parts and labor for repair or replacement of defective items). *For each line item, vendors shall provide the manufacturer name, part number, description, country of origin, BAA/TAA compliance status, COTS status, contract number (if on FSS/SEWP/NAC), or confirmation that the item is open-market. B.2 PRICE/COST SCHEDULE ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5352884785934d1ba6e13c3b73489f27/view)