---
layout: default
title: N065--Installation of OR and Prosthetics Automatic Door Closures
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 7282912b6032488d812c4211004c8b27
---

# N065--Installation of OR and Prosthetics Automatic Door Closures

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 12:28:12.695-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24226Q0349
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06. This solicitation is set aside for SDVOSBs. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 238290, with a small business size standard of $22.0 million. The FSC/PSC is N065. The Veterans Health Administration of NJ, East Orange VA Medical Center (385 Tremont Ave, East Orange, NJ 07018) has a requirement for installation of OR automatic door closure and Prosthetics auto door closures. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services Line Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price BASE PERIOD-4/27/2026-4/26/2027 0001 OR Operator Installation 1 JB 0002 Prosthetics Operator Installation 1 JB STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) Title of Project: Installation of OR and Prosthetics Automatic Door Closures Purpose: OR is need of installation of OR automatic door closure and Prosthetics auto door closures. Place of Performance: The Veterans Health Administration of NJ East Orange VA Medical Center 385 Tremont Ave East Orange, NJ 07018 Contractor Responsibilities: The contractor shall provide all resources necessary to accomplish the deliverables described in this statement of work (SOW), except as may otherwise be specified. Contractor to supply all labor and materials to install OR automatic door closure and Prosthetics auto door closures. Both with wave plates. Contractor shall furnish all parts and labor to accomplish the task of installing a door operator on the OR doors located at building 1, floor 2, C wing. Operator on the Prosthetic s door located at building 1, floor A, A-700. Upon completion of the project, the contractor shall provide a written work report encompassing all completed tasks that have been completed and that new electronic door operators are functional. The reports shall also contain corrective actions taken, parts used and recommendations to prolong the useful life of each door. Contractor must provide the completed task report no later than five days from the date of completion Reports shall be submitted no later than five days after completion of service OR Installation: ED100 Operator - Narrow 4"Ã— 6" Header Surface Applied Pair Prosthetics Installation: ED100 Operator - Narrow 4"Ã— 6" Header Surface Applied Single Contractor Certification Requirement: The contractor will ensure that all personnel on the project are AAADM Certified, Swing/Slide/Fold Automatic Pedestrian Door Inspector Performance Period: The contractor shall complete the work required under this SOW in 14 calendar days or less from date of award, otherwise directed by the Contracting Officer (CO). Schedule: All work needs to be completed outside of normal working hours except on Sundays and federal holidays. Normal working hours are 8:00 am to 4:30 pm EST. Federal Holidays which are observed by the federal government are annotated below New Year s Day Martin Luther King s Birthday President s Day Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving Day Christmas Day Any other days specifically by the President of the United States to be a national holiday. Other policies and applicable regulations: Any additional items outside of the Statement of Work are not authorized, unless approved through a modification to the contract by the CO. Failure to obtain authorization will result in NON-PAYMENT of charges acquired. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) Addendum to 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items applies; see further below on this notice for details. 52.252-1- Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) FAR 52.203-11- Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions. (SEP 2024) FAR 52.203-18- Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation. (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-7- System for Award Management Registration (NOV 2024) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.229-11- Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION SEP 2025) The following VAAR provisions apply to this acquisition: 852.233-70- Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (SEP 2018) 852.233-71- Alternate Protest Procedure (SEP 2018) 852.252-70- Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference 52.212-2- Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION OCT 2025)- see further below for decisions factors The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4- Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) 52.252-2 - Clauses Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) 52.203-17- Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights. (NOV 2023) 52.203-19- Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements. (JAN 2017) 52.204-13- System for Award Management-Maintenance (OCT 2018) (DEVIATION NOV 2025 52.209-6- Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.209-10- Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations. (NOV 2015) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.219-6- Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside. (NOV 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.219-14- Limitations on Subcontracting. (OCT 2022) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) __X_ By the end of the base term of the contract and then by the end of each subsequent option period 52.222-3- Convict Labor. (JUN 2003) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-35- Equal Opportunity for Veterans. (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-36- Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-37- Employment Reports on Veterans. (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-41- Service Contract Labor Standards. (AUG 2018) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-42- Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires. (MAY 2014) Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits Facilities Maintenance Specialist (OR Electrical System) GS9 Step 1- $28.73 52.222-50- Combating Trafficking in Persons. (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.222-62- Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706. (JAN 2022) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.223-5- Pollution Prevention and Right-to-Know Information (MAY 2024) 52.223-20- Aerosols (MAY 2024) 52.223-23- Sustainable Products. (MAY 2024) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.226-8- Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.232-33- Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management. (OCT 2018) 52.232-40- Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors. (MAR 2023) 52.233-3- Protest After Award (Aug 1996) 52.233-4- Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim. (OCT 2004) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.237-2Â - Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation (April 1984) The following VAAR Clauses apply to this acquisition: 852.201-70- Contracting Officer s Representative (DEC 2022) 852.203-70- Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) 852.219-73- VA Notice to Total Set-Aside for Certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) _X_By the end of the base term of the contract or order, and then by the end of each subsequent op 852.219-75- VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) (X) Services. 852.232-72- Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) 6. 852.242-71- Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020) All quotes shall be sent to the Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office (NCO) 2 via email to the Contract Specialist Yasmin Moses at Yasmin.Moses@va.gov. Submission of your response shall be received not later than April 21, 2026 at 3:00pm EST. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. The following provisions are incorporated into 52.212-2 as an addendum to this solicitation: The following are the decision factors: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers; Technical Capability Past Performance Price Evaluation Approach. The Government reserves the right to consider a quotation other than the lowest price that provides additional benefit(s). Quotations may exceed minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government reserves the right to select a quotation that provides benefit to the Government that exceeds the minimum requirements of the solicitation but is not required to do so. Each response must meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government is not requesting or accepting alternate quotations. Failure to provide the information requested may result in being found non-responsive. The evaluation will consider the following: Technical Capability: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation. The quotation should provide a clear and demonstrative plan and explanation of the organization s ability to perform OR automatic door closure and Prosthetics auto door closure services as described in the statement of work. Past Performance: The past performance evaluation will assess the relative risks associated with a quoter s likelihood of success in fulfilling the solicitation s requirements as indicated by the quoter s record of past performance. The past performance evaluation may be based on the contracting officer s knowledge of and previous experience with the supply or service being acquired; Customer surveys, and past performance questionnaire replies; Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) at http://www.cpars.gov/; or any other reasonable basis. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Total Evaluated Price will be that sum. Price will be evaluated to determine whether it is fair and reasonable and if it reflects that the offeror understands the work. The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms and conditions. The following provisions are incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: Offers not following the specific instructions within this solicitation may not be considered further for evaluations towards this requirement. As a minimum, quotes must include: (1) A technical capability statement that clearly and concisely describes how the offeror will provide the required services without parroting back each section of the statement of work. This should be a maximum 10-page technical capability statement demonstrating the Vendor s technical capability to meet all the requirements of the statement of work. The technical capability statement shall: a) Provide Information Flow and Delegation of Authority and Responsibility to execute maintenance tasks to accomplish all the requirements of the Statement of Work within the stated time frames and with appropriate staff. b) Provide training certificates/certifications: AAADM Certified Swing/Slide/Fold Automatic Pedestrian Door Inspector. c) Evidence that technicians have experience working on similar equipment and projects at similar facilities (federal, healthcare, etc.) by providing three contract numbers, dates, and descriptions of previous work performed (2) Terms of any express warranty; (3) Price and any discount terms. Price should be for all services detailed in the Price/Cost Schedule. The pricing must be broken down in a manner that allows for price reasonableness to be determined. Failure to provide complete pricing will result in contractors package being determined incomplete; (4) "Remit to" address, if different than mailing address; (5) Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments; (6) Completed VAAR 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance. (7) Past performance information, to include three to five recent and relevant contracts for the same or similar services (including contract numbers, points of contact with telephone numbers and other relevant information) APEX Accelerators. If you would like assistance in responding to this post, please reach out to the Apex Accelerator Team in your area. Their website is APEX Accelerators and you can find your local office by searching the map on their home page. The Apex Accelerators offer a free service of assistance with reviewing and responding to government notices and postings for potential procurements. System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than April 21,2026 at 3:00pm EST at Yasmin.Moses@va.gov. The email subject shall identify RFQ 36C24226Q0349. Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. All questions must be submitted no later than 2:00pm ET on April 17, 2026. Not all questions will be answered. Answers to questions will be published via amendment to the solicitation. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.215-1(c)(3). Point of Contact Contract Specialist Yasmin Moses, Yasmin.Moses@va.gov Alternative Point of Contact Contracting Officer Christopher Weider, Christopher.Weider@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Yasmin Moses
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Yasmin.Moses@va.gov
  - Phone: 718-584-9000

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7282912b6032488d812c4211004c8b27/view)