# J072--Jensen Braun Laundry Equipment Repair - FARGO

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-04 13:23:48.753-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C26326Q0411

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY The purpose of this Sources Sought is to conduct market research to procure requesting repair services for laundry equipment, specifically the feeder/spreader, manufactured by Jensen Braun LLC. This notice serves to survey the market to ascertain whether-or-not sources are capable of providing the requested supply/services. You must be an Authorized Certified Service Provider for Jensen Braun LLC. This notice also allows potential contractors/vendors to submit a non-binding statement of interest and documentation demonstrating their capability. Please review the DRAFT Statement of Work (SOW) to compare your supply/service to what is requested. Complete the line-items below and submit any documentation supporting your product/service for consideration. Network Contracting Office 23 (NCO 23) is requesting responses from qualified business concerns; the qualifying NAICS code for this effort is 811310 Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance. The Small Business Administration (SBA) Size Standard for this request is $12.5 million. This Sources Sought is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification(s) (Service Disabled/Veteran Owned Small Business (SD/VOSB), Hub zone, 8(a), small, small disadvantaged, woman owned small business, or large business) relative to NAICS 811310. Responses to this notice, will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this notice, a solicitation announcement may be published. Responses to this notice are not considered adequate responses to any corresponding solicitation announcement. All interested offerors are requested to respond to this notice but are required to respond to the official solicitation announcement in order to be awarded the contract. INSTRUCTIONS: RESPONSES MUST INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: Primary Information: Company Name: Point of Contact (POC) name: Email address: Phone number: Unique Entity ID No. listed in the System of Awards Management (SAM): Business Size: (Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Small Business Other, Small Business, or Large Business) for the NAICS code 811310. GSA Contract or a Federal Supply Schedule with this product/service listed on it. List the number ________________________________________________________ IMPORTANT If your firm is a Socio-economic Small Business (SDVOSB, VOSB, Hub zone, 8(a), Small, Small disadvantaged, Woman owned small business), please state if your firm is a Nonmanufacturer under the Nonmanufacturer Rule. For more information about the Nonmanufacturer Rule and how it applies to your firm, click on this Small Business Administration link: https://www.sba.gov/partners/contracting-officials/small-business-procurement/nonmanufacturer-rule Please check the lines below that apply to your firm: a. ____ Business size does not exceed 500 employees. b. ____ Firm is primarily engaged in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sells this type of item being supplies. c. ____ Firm takes ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment, or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice. d. ____ Supplies the end products of a small business manufacturer or processor made in the United States. If a future solicitation requires the Buy American Statute, the following two clauses will apply: 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Must have an Authorized Distributor Letter issued from the manufacture if not the manufacture for a supply acquisition request. The attached SOW is a draft and is NOT finalized. If any portions are unclear, prohibited, and/or you are unsure about the draft description of the requirement please list your comments and/or concerns in your response so they can be addressed. Response is due by 03/16/26 2026, at 1700 Mountain Time. Please submit e-mail responses to Mr. Dennis Salmonsen, Contract Specialist, at email address: dennis.salmonsen@va.gov. Please place 36C26326Q0411 in the subject line of your email. This notice is to assist the Department of Veterans Affairs in determining qualified sources only. SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS: See DRAFT Statement of Work PRICE IS NOT REQUIRED FOR THIS SOURCES SOUGHT REQUEST INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001 1.00 JB __________________ __________________ Repair of feeder/spreader for Jensen Braun laundry equipment. PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 811310 - Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: J072 - Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment - Household and Commercial Furnishings and Appliances GRAND TOTAL __________________ NOTES: Issuance of this notice does not constitute any obligation whatsoever on the part of the Government to procure these supplies and/or services, or to issue a solicitation, nor to notify respondents of the results of this notice. No solicitation documents exists at this time; however, in the event the acquisition strategy demonstrates that GSA is a viable option for procuring a solution, the RFQ shall be posted to GSA eBuy where only those firms who currently hold a GSA Schedule with the applicable SIN will be able to respond. The Department of Veterans Affairs is neither seeking quotes nor accepting unsolicited quotes, and responses to this notice cannot be accepted as offers. Any information the vendor considers proprietary should be clearly marked as such. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this Sources Sought notice.

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/04caa2b804a043368b9091f2938641ab/view