---
layout: default
title: R425 - Specialized Technical and Analytical Support Services in Support of ASN (EI&E)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 058246acc5604bde9d9c3825e771ee48
---

# R425 - Specialized Technical and Analytical Support Services in Support of ASN (EI&E)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 15:20:20.216-04
- Solicitation Number: N0018926BR005

## Summary

This is a COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION for commercial services, prepared in accordance with the information in FAR Subpart 12.2, Special Requirements for the Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services and FAR Part 15, Contracting By Negotiation, as supplemented with the additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; a written solicitation will not be issued. PAPER COPIES OF THIS SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE. This combined synopsis/solicitation SHALL be posted on SAM.gov. The reference number is N0018926RB005. This solicitation documents and incorporates by reference Federal Acquisition Regulation provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 and the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement as amended through the DFARS Change effective November 10, 2025. It is the responsibility of the contractor to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. The clauses may be accessed in full text at these addresses: https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfarspgi/current/index.html The NAICS code is 541690 (Other Scientific and Technical Consulting Services) and the Small Business Standard is $19.0 (millions of dollars). The proposed contract is for technical and analytical energy support services required to enhance the Department of the Navys energy, water, and other services in order to meet energy, water, and other emerging technologies on behalf of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (ASN) Energy, Installations and Environment (EIE) Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Energy (ODASN(E)), for which the Government intends to solicit and award a Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) contract to the offeror that is most advantageous to the Government. This proposed acquisition is being solicitated as a total small business set-aside. See attached supporting documents for more information. General Information: CURRENT CONTRACT ACTION: A portion of the services outlined in the proposed acquisition are currently being provided through 15 June 2026 by The Meridian Group DC, LLC (CAGE: 8GW83) under purchase order N0018925PZ252. NOTE TO OFFERORS: This solicitation is a Request for Proposals (RFP). To the extent that the terms appear in the solicitation, the terms RFQ, SUBMISSION, QUOTE, and QUOTER shall mean RFP, OFFER, PROPOSAL, and OFFEROR,respectively. POINT OF CONTACT: The point of contact at the contracting office is Ms. Shanna Harris, who may be reached via email at shanna.c.harris.civ@us.navy.mil PREPARATION COSTS: This RFP does not commit the Government to pay for the preparation and submission of a proposal. TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE: The proposed acquisition is being solicited as a total small business set-aside using FAR Part 12.2, FAR Part 15, and FAR Subpart

19.5 Small Business Set-Aside procedures. The proposed acquisition will be solicited as a total small business set-aside and will result in a purchase order contract on a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) basis.N0018926RB005 Questions regarding this solicitation shall be submitted to Shanna Harris at shanna.c.harris.civ@us.navy.mil no later than Wednesday March 25, 2026, at 10:00am EST. Proposals shall be submitted to Shanna Harris at shanna.c.harris.civ@us.navy.mil and Sean Bennett at sean.m.bennett22.civ@us.navy.mil no later than Friday April 3, 2026, at 10:00am EST. Proposal submissions received after the stated submission deadline may not be considered for award. All responsible small business sources may submit a quote, which shall be considered by the agency. A determination has been made by the Government to compete this proposed effort as a total small business set aside, based upon responses to this notice, this determination is solely within the discretion of the Government. Oral communications are not acceptable in response to this notice. Procedures in FAR Subpart 12.2 and FAR Part 15 are applicable to this procurement. While price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final contract award will be based on a combination of factors- price, acceptable FCL, performance approach, management approach, and past performance. System for Award Management (SAM). Quoters must be registered in the SAM database to be considered for award. Registration is free and can be completed on-line at http://www.sam.gov/. All proposals shall include price(s) showing any and all materials and labor, FOB destination, a point of contact, name and phone number, business size, and payment terms. The proposal shall explicitly confirm that the offeror can meet all of the technical requirements and provide all of the deliverables for the period of performance specified herein. Each response must clearly indicate the capability of the offeror to meet all specifications and requirements. The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Purchase Order contract to the responsible offeror whose proposal represents the best value after evaluation in accordance with the factors in the solicitation. The Government intends to evaluate proposals and award a contract based on initial proposals. Accordingly, the offeror should submit its most favorable terms from a performance approach, management approach, and past performance and price standpoint. The Government reserves the right to award a contract to other than the lowest priced offeror or other than the highest technically rated offeror; award a contract without discussions; or award a contract after discussions, whichever is in the best interest of the Government. Offerors shall be required to submit a non-price proposal that will be evaluated in accordance with solicitation procedures as set forth in this solicitation. The non-price proposal will be more important than price. The non-price proposal will consist of the following factors: Facilities Clearance (acceptable/unacceptable), Performance Approach, Management Approach, and Past Performance. The non-price evaluation consists of two Phases. The Facility Security Clearance is the sole Phase I evaluation factor and will be evaluated on an Acceptable/Unacceptable basis. An offeror must receive a rating of Acceptable for Facility Security Clearance in order to be eligible for award and to be evaluated in Phase II. In Phase II, Performance Approach, Management Approach, and Past Performance are in descending order of importance. A rating of LESS than Acceptable for either the Performance Approach or the Management Approach means the proposal is ineligible for award, and the proposal will not be further evaluated. This requirement will be awarded as a single Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) contract. A pricing spreadsheet is included in the solicitation attachments for informational purposes only to assist with proposal preparation; this is not a Level of Effort (LOE) requirement. All proposal instructions are contained within the RFP document. See Attached Solicitation PDF and Attachments for further details.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shanna Harris
  - Email: shanna.c.harris.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/058246acc5604bde9d9c3825e771ee48/view)