---
layout: default
title: MISSISSIPPI GROUP OPTIMIZED REMEDIATION CONTRACT AT COLUMBUS AIR FORCE BASE, MISSISSIPPI KEESLER AIR FORCE BASE, MISSISSIPPI
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 5ecac4c56b904c45b1f2db48b5a02189
---

# MISSISSIPPI GROUP OPTIMIZED REMEDIATION CONTRACT AT COLUMBUS AIR FORCE BASE, MISSISSIPPI KEESLER AIR FORCE BASE, MISSISSIPPI

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 18:21:08.196-04
- Solicitation Number: FA890326R0001

## Summary

SUBJECT: Amendment 0001 for FA890326R0001 Mississippi Group ORC Issued 6 April 2026 List of Documents with Amendment 0001 (Update or Replace Attachments below in Solicitation) Solicitation Amendment FA890326R00010001 SF30 Attachment 1 Performance Work Statement dated 20260331 PWS Enclosure 5_ Essential Information-MS Group ORC Section L- MS Group ORC Instruction to Offerors RFO Section M – MS Group ORC Evaluation Criteria RFO Attachment 13a 2026 DOD Memo Guidance on Destruction or Disposal of Materials Containing PFAS Responses QA RFP 20260406 NOTICE: The Proposal Due Date Has Been Extended to THURSDAY 23 April 2026 at 2:00PM Central Daylight Time, Proposal Submittal Method Has Been Updated in Section L and Section M. Offerors will provide proposal via email to the Contracting Officer and to the Contract Specialist, and/or utilize DOD Safe. (If using DOD Safe, the offeror shall provide the "pick-up" password/code prior to the end of this solicitation receipt date. It is advisable to the prospective offerors to confirm that your proposal has been received by the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to the closing of the solicitation receipt as identified: 23 April 2026 at 2:00PM CDT. Solicitation Number FA8903-26-R-0001 Mississippi Group ORC. Please include "FA8903-26-R-0001 Mississippi Group ORC" in the subject line of all emails addressed to the CO regarding this solicitation. Offerors must submit all questions related to this solicitation in writing to the Contracting Officer, Mr. Nathan Fry via email NLT 24 March 2026, 4:00 P.M. CDT, at nathan.fry.7@us.af.mil and courtesy copy the Contracting Specialist, J. Chris Finkenstadt at john.finkenstadt.1@us.af.mil. Questions must be submitted using the Attachment 7-Q&A Template provided as an attachment to this notice. Responses to questions will be posted as an update to this solicitation. It is the responsibility of offerors to check this notice frequently for any updates. See the Attachments 1 through 20. Attachment 19-Section L-MS Group ORC Instructions to Offerors and Attachment 20-Section M-MS Group ORC Evaluation Criteria are provided. List of Attachments: Solicitation - FA890326R0001 Attachment 1 - Performance Work Statement, dated 18FEB2026 Attachment 2 - MS Group ORC_Base Support Letter_12 March 2025 Attachment 3 - Contract Insurance Compliance Notification Attachment 4 - Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax or a Felony Conviction Attachment 5 - Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Attachment 6 - Annual Representations and Certifications Attachment 7 - Q&A Template Attachment 8 - CPSMR Template Attachment 9 - Schedule B MS Group 20260106 Attachment 10a - WD 2015-5147 Rev. No. 28 - Keesler AFB Attachment 10b - WD 2015-5157 Rev. No. 28 - Columbus AFB Attachment 11 - ORC PMP Guidance Attachment 12 - Optimization Benefit Template Attachment 13a - DOD Memorandum_for_Interim_Guidance_on_Destruction_or_Disposal_of_Materials_Containing_PFAS_in_the_U.S. Attachment 13b - DOD Memorandum-for-Incineration-Prohibition-Policy-Update Attachment 14 - AFCEC Chemistry Data Quality Fact Sheet Attachment 15 - Guidance on 1-4 Dioxane, Environmental Restoration Program Attachment 16a - L1_Labor Category Qualifications Attachment 16b - L2_Past Performance Questionnaire Attachment 16c - L3_Notice of Non-Government Advisors Attachment 17 - PWS Enclosure 1-FY26 ORC Acronyms and Definitions Attachment 18 - PWS Enclosure 4-Community Involvement Plan Attachment 19 - Section L-MS Group ORC Instructions to Offerors Attachment 20 - Section M-MS Group ORC Evaluation Criteria

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: John Finkenstadt
  - Email: john.finkenstadt.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 380-457-6528
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Nathan Fry
  - Email: nathan.fry.7@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3804577123

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Performance Work Statement dated 20260331 PWS Enclosure 5_ Essential Information-MS Group ORC Section L- MS Group ORC Instruction to Offerors RFO Section M – MS Group ORC Evaluation Criteria RFO Attachment 13a 2026 DOD Memo Guidance on Destruction or Disposal of Materials Containing PFAS Responses QA RFP 20260406 NOTICE: The Proposal Due Date Has Been Extended to THURSDAY 23 April 2026 at 2:00PM Central Daylight Time, Proposal Submittal Method Has Been Updated in Section L and Section M. Offerors will provide proposal via email to the Contracting Officer and to the Contract Specialist, and/or utilize DOD Safe. (If using DOD Safe, the offeror shall provide the "pick-up" password/code prior to the end of this solicitation receipt date. It is advisable to the prospective offerors to confirm that your proposal has been received by the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to the closing of the solicitation receipt as identified: 23 April 2026 at 2:00PM CDT. Solicitation Number FA8903-26-R-0001 Mississippi Group ORC. Please include "FA8903-26-R-0001 Mississippi Group ORC" in the subject line of all emails addressed to the CO regarding this solicitation. Offerors must submit all questions related to this solicitation in writing to the Contracting Officer, Mr. Nathan Fry via email NLT 24 March 2026, 4:00 P.M. CDT, at nathan.fry.7@us.af.mil and courtesy copy the Contracting Specialist, J. Chris Finkenstadt at john.finkenstadt.1@us.af.mil. Questions must be submitted using the Attachment 7-Q&A Template provided as an attachment to this notice. Responses to questions will be posted as an update to this solicitation. It is the responsibility of offerors to check this notice frequently for any updates. See the Attachments 1 through 20. Attachment 19-Section L-MS Group ORC Instructions to Offerors and Attachment 20-Section M-MS Group ORC Evaluation Criteria are provided. List of Attachments: Solicitation - FA890326R0001 Attachment 1 - Performance Work Statement, dated 18FEB2026 Attachment 2 - MS Group ORC_Base Support Letter_12 March 2025 Attachment 3 - Contract Insurance Compliance Notification Attachment 4 - Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax or a Felony Conviction Attachment 5 - Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Attachment 6 - Annual Representations and Certifications Attachment 7 - Q&A Template Attachment 8 - CPSMR Template Attachment 9 - Schedule B MS Group 20260106 Attachment 10a - WD 2015-5147 Rev. No. 28 - Keesler AFB Attachment 10b - WD 2015-5157 Rev. No. 28 - Columbus AFB Attachment 11 - ORC PMP Guidance Attachment 12 - Optimization Benefit Template Attachment 13a - DOD Memorandum_for_Interim_Guidance_on_Destruction_or_Disposal_of_Materials_Containing_PFAS_in_the_U.S. Attachment 13b - DOD Memorandum-for-Incineration-Prohibition-Policy-Update Attachment 14 - AFCEC Chemistry Data Quality Fact Sheet Attachment 15 - Guidance on 1-4 Dioxane, Environmental Restoration Program Attachment 16a - L1_Labor Category Qualifications Attachment 16b - L2_Past Performance Questionnaire Attachment 16c - L3_Notice of Non-Government Advisors Attachment 17 - PWS Enclosure 1-FY26 ORC Acronyms and Definitions Attachment 18 - PWS Enclosure 4-Community Involvement Plan Attachment 19 - Section L-MS Group ORC Instructions to Offerors Attachment 20 - Section M-MS Group ORC Evaluation Criteria

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5ecac4c56b904c45b1f2db48b5a02189/view)