---
layout: default
title: Synopsis- Sole Source - Integrated Communication Systems (ICS)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 2d6f6edcbe544a06bfb59477245a8f3d
---

# Synopsis- Sole Source - Integrated Communication Systems (ICS)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 16:36:29.137-04
- Solicitation Number: N6660426R0225-Synopsis

## Summary

The following notice serves as a proposed contract action synopsis prepared in accordance with FAR 5.2, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This proposed contract action is being procured on a sole source basis. The anticipated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) Code is 541330 with a Small Business Size Standard of $25.5M. The Naval Undersea Warfare Center, Division Newport, RI (NUWCDIVNPT) intends to award a Cost-Plus Fixed Fee (CPFF) indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract on a sole source basis to L3 Technologies, Inc. (hereafter referred to as “L3”) for legacy Integrated Communications System (ICS). The basis for the only one responsible source determination is that only L3 can meet the Government’s technical requirements as outlined in the Performance Work Statement (PWS) (see attachment I) and Fleet operational and schedule requirements. The Government has determined that to maintain ICS capability used onboard current equipment the Government must purchase services and hardware on a sole source basis to maintain continuous fleet capability and avoid a substantial duplication of costs. Further, the Government determined that any company other than L3 would take an additional hundred and sixty-eight (168) months to get to first production unit delivery, and this delay represents an unacceptable schedule impact to the Government resulting in a mission capability gap that represents a significant risk to Fleet operations. The proposed contract action is for services and supplies for which the Government intends to negotiate with only one source under the authority of 10 U.S.C. 3204(a)(1), ‘Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.’ L3 is the only responsible source capable of providing the highly specialized services required to maintain ICS capability. Any other source would result in substantial duplication of costs to the Government and create unacceptable delays in fulfilling the agency’s needs. Therefore, L3 is the only source capable of providing the required services and parts to meet the Government’s minimum requirements. The draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) is provided as Attachment 1 to this notice. The place of performance is at the Contractor’s site, NUWCDIVNPT, and other locations to be identified at the order level. The anticipated date for solicitation release is April 2026. The anticipated award date of this requirement is expected to be on or about 01 December 2026. The anticipated contract ordering period is from date of contract award through five (5) years thereafter. This synopsis is not a request for competitive proposals. This requirement is being posted to maximize communication with industry. All responsible source may submit a capability statement, which will be considered by the Government. Any capability statement submitted must address the following: Demonstrated ability to provide trained and qualified personnel capable of performing legacy ICS services contained in the draft PWS sections 4.1-4.8, in accordance with the Applicable Documents. Page limitation: two (2); and The respondent shall describe its facilities and special support equipment that it will use for the services as described in the PWS sections 4.1-4.8. Page limitation: two (2). A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed acquisition based on responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. The Government will not delay award for consideration of capability statements submitted. Information shall be submitted no later than 1400 EST on Friday, 17 April 2025 via email to Maria D. Diaz-Sotomayor at maria.d.diaz-sotomayor.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Maria Diaz-Sotomayor
  - Email: maria.d.diaz-sotomayor.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 4018322028

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: and Fleet operational and schedule requirements. The Government has determined that to maintain ICS capability used onboard current equipment the Government must purchase services and hardware on a sole source basis to maintain continuous fleet capability and avoid a substantial duplication of costs. Further, the Government determined that any company other than L3 would take an additional hundred and sixty-eight (168) months to get to first production unit delivery, and this delay represents an unacceptable schedule impact to the Government resulting in a mission capability gap that represents a significant risk to Fleet operations. The proposed contract action is for services and supplies for which the Government intends to negotiate with only one source under the authority of 10 U.S.C. 3204(a)(1), ‘Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.’ L3 is the only responsible source capable of providing the highly specialized services required to maintain ICS capability. Any other source would result in substantial duplication of costs to the Government and create unacceptable delays in fulfilling the agency’s needs. Therefore, L3 is the only source capable of providing the required services and parts to meet the Government’s minimum requirements. The draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) is provided as Attachment 1 to this notice. The place of performance is at the Contractor’s site, NUWCDIVNPT, and other locations to be identified at the order level. The anticipated date for solicitation release is April 2026. The anticipated award date of this requirement is expected to be on or about 01 December 2026. The anticipated contract ordering period is from date of contract award through five (5) years thereafter. This synopsis is not a request for competitive proposals. This requirement is being posted to maximize communication with industry. All responsible source may submit a capability statement, which will be considered by the Government. Any capability statement submitted must address the following: Demonstrated ability to provide trained and qualified personnel capable of performing legacy ICS services contained in the draft PWS sections 4.1-4.8, in accordance with the Applicable Documents. Page limitation: two (2); and The respondent shall describe its facilities and special support equipment that it will use for the services as described in the PWS sections 4.1-4.8. Page limitation: two (2). A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed acquisition based on responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. The Government will not delay award for consideration of capability statements submitted. Information shall be submitted no later than 1400 EST on Friday, 17 April 2025 via email to Maria D. Diaz-Sotomayor at maria.d.diaz-sotomayor.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2d6f6edcbe544a06bfb59477245a8f3d/view)