---
layout: default
title: 6515--SD/664_MANOSCAN ESO Z X1
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f79c3e772fcb470ea4116efc15ad5ca1
---

# 6515--SD/664_MANOSCAN ESO Z X1

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-24 18:34:28.695-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0715
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Synopsis Only THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI)/SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. THE SUBMISSION OF PRICING, CAPABILITIES FOR PLANNING PURPOSES, AND OTHER MARKET INFORMATION IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). The purpose of this synopsis is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification (hubzone, 8(a), small, small disadvantage, veteran owned small business (VOSB), service-disabled veteran owned small business (SDVOSB), or large business relative to NAICS 334510 with size standards of 1250 employees. Note that if VA s pending market research establishes that two or more VOSB or SDVOSB, who are certified in U.S Small Business Administration site https://www.sba.gov can perform the project, VA will set aside the underlying solicitation per 38 U.S.C. Â§8127.Â Responses to this synopsis will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Synopsis, a solicitation announcement may be published on SAM, and/or GSA eBuy. Responses to this Sources Sought Synopsis are not considered adequate responses to the solicitation announcement. General Requirements: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), VA San Diego Healthcare System, has a need for Manoscan ESO Z Catheter X1. The Manoscan Manometry Catheter will be used to evaluate the motility and function of the gastrointestinal tract and generate detailed pressure maps, particularly in the esophagus. The requirement is for brand name or equal: Manoscan ESO Z X1 Catheter Identify any domestic alternatives (meaning manufactured in the United States) Nomenclature: High Resolution Manometry Catheter MANUFACTURE AND BRAND NAME PRODUCT INFORMATION Covidien Sales LLC (Medtronic) CLIN Description Qty Unit of Measure 01 MANOSCAN ESO Z CATH X1 3 EA 02 HRM CATHETER EXTENDED WARRANTY 1 YEAR 3 EA REQUIREMENTS: This Gastroenterology department requests the acquisition of High-Resolution Manometry Catheters for the purpose of being available for clinical use in support of patient care. The Salient Characteristics must include: Must be able to operate properly in an electromagnetic environment Must have capability for conducting esophageal manometry Must have built in capability for analysis, including quantification of manometry parameters such as pressure, pressure velocity, and event duration. Analytic capabilities must include ability to summarize Chicago Classification Must have at least 400 pressure points for standard size esophageal catheter Must have 3-dimensional (3D) sensing capability Participating Healthcare Facilities: VISN 22 West VA San Diego Healthcare System 3350 La Jolla Village drive, CA; 92161-0002 In response to this announcement, please complete the information below: Company: Address: Contact Name: Phone No: Email: DUNS: Business size information Select all that applies: Small Business Emerging Small Business Small Disadvantaged Business Certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act HubZone Woman Owned Certified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small in Vetbiz.gov Certified Veteran Owned Small Business in Vetbiz.gov Large Business Other:____________ All offered items must be listed on vendor FSS contract FSS/ GSA Contract Holder of the requested item(s) Yes No FSS/ GSA Contract Number Effective Date / Expiration Date Does your company manufacture the requested product(s)? If no, answer the questions below. Yes No Does your company exceed the 500-employee alternative size standard for nonmanufacturers? Yes No Is your company primarily engaged in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of product(s) being supplied? Yes No Does your company take ownership or possession of the products(s) with its personnel, equipment, or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? Yes No Does your company supply the end product(s) of a small business manufacturer or processor made in the US, or obtain a waiver of such requirement? Yes No Identify any other companies owned (wholly or in-part) by the owners of this business who provide goods or services under the same or a related NAICS codes. Not applicable List: Buy American Act Information Are all items manufactured in the U.S? If not, list the items not manufactured in the US and the country of origin in the table provided below. Yes No Item # Description Country of Origin Domestic Alternative Product Do you have domestic alternatives? (Equal product that is manufactured within the United States) If so, please state the item, description and place of manufacture (country of origin) in the spaces below Yes No Item # Description Country of Origin This notice is neither a request for competitive proposal or solicitation of offerors. This notice is to assist the VA in determining sources only and a solicitation is not currently available. If a solicitation is issued it will be announced at a later date, and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from this response. Responses to this Sources Sought is not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. Information received as a result of this notice will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct competitive procurement. This notice does not represent a commitment by the Government to pay for costs incurred in the preparation and submission of information or any other costs incurred as a response to this announcement. Inquiries will only be accepted in writing via email to Rochelle.Malveaux@va.gov on or before Tuesday, May12th 2026, by 10:00 am PST Local Time.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Rochelle Malveaux
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Rochelle.Malveaux@va.gov
  - Phone: 000-000-0000

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f79c3e772fcb470ea4116efc15ad5ca1/view)