---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought: HARNESS,ELECTRICAL / NSN: 5999-01-674-2425
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: becc67fb796f4cdc9260aca9ad7a454c
---

# Sources Sought: HARNESS,ELECTRICAL / NSN: 5999-01-674-2425

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-16 14:43:36.163-04
- Solicitation Number: W912CH-26-R-0086

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice NOTICE Type: Sources Sought/ Market Research for HARNESS,ELECTRICAL / NSN: 5999-01-674-2425 This is a SOURCES SOUGHT/ MARKET RESEARCH notice to request information for Government planning purposes only. Responses will assist the Government in planning its acquisition strategy for a potential future acquisition. The Government is not committed to issue a solicitation or award a contract as a result of this announcement. Army Contracting Command - Detroit Arsenal (ACC-DTA) is seeking qualified and capable potential vendors. Since this is a sources-sought synopsis and not a solicitation for receipt of proposals or quotations, the Government does not encourage questions concerning this market research. This Sources Sought Notice is for the manufacturing of HARNESS,ELECTRICAL / NSN: 5999-01-674-2425. The Government is seeking to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities, and qualifications of various members of the community, to include both small and large businesses. If your company is interested and can demonstrate the firm's ability, capability, and responsibility to deliver the equipment summarized above, we encourage you to respond to this announcement with a statement of your qualifications and capability. In order to do so, you need to provide: Name and address of the firm. Unique Entity ID and CAGE Code (valid System for Award Management (SAM) is MANDATORY). Your Firm's Point of Contact (name, phone number, and email address). Your company's business size status (small or large) (including Service Disabled veteran owned, if applicable). If claiming small business status, the information must be verifiable in SAM. A summary of the item's commercial availability. A summary of your company's expertise in the manufacturing of the part. -A summary of your company's delivery capability. -A summary of your company's experience conducting First Article Testing -A summary of the place of performance. -The NAICS Code appropriate for the item/s being requested. Statements of your firm's expertise should include reference to relevant contracts performed (including a description of the scope, quantity manufactured, contract number, and point of contact with phone number). All interested firms and manufacturers, regardless of size, may respond to this request for information. Information submissions can include product literature and illustrations, relevant company background/experience. Information submissions must be received no later than 7 days following posting of the Sources Sought Notice. Responses should be addressed to Zachary Wiegand, at the following address: zachary.k.wiegand.civ@army.mil Again, this information is being requested for Government planning purposes only and does not commit the Government to any contractual agreement. This is not a request for proposals. The Government will not award a contract based upon responses to this announcement. The Government shall not reimburse or pay any costs for preparing or submitting information in response to this notice. Contracting Office Address: Army Contracting Command - Detroit Arsenal (ACC-DTA) ATTN: Christina Herbig- Contract Specialist 6501 E. Eleven Mile Road, Detroit Arsenal, Ml 48397-5000 Point of Contact(s): Sources Sought Notice NOTICE Type: Sources Sought/ Market Research for HARNESS,ELECTRICAL / NSN: 5999-01-674-2425 This is a SOURCES SOUGHT/ MARKET RESEARCH notice to request information for Government planning purposes only. Responses will assist the Government in planning its acquisition strategy for a potential future acquisition. The Government is not committed to issue a solicitation or award a contract as a result of this announcement. Army Contracting Command - Detroit Arsenal (ACC-DTA) is seeking qualified and capable potential vendors. Since this is a sources-sought synopsis and not a solicitation for receipt of proposals or quotations, the Government does not encourage questions concerning this market research. This Sources Sought Notice is for the manufacturing of HARNESS,ELECTRICAL / NSN: 5999-01-674-2425. The Government is seeking to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities, and qualifications of various members of the community, to include both small and large businesses. If your company is interested and can demonstrate the firm's ability, capability, and responsibility to deliver the equipment summarized above, we encourage you to respond to this announcement with a statement of your qualifications and capability. In order to do so, you need to provide: Name and address of the firm. Unique Entity ID and CAGE Code (valid System for Award Management (SAM) is MANDATORY). Your Firm's Point of Contact (name, phone number, and email address). Your company's business size status (small or large) (including Service Disabled veteran owned, if applicable). If claiming small business status, the information must be verifiable in SAM. A summary of the item's commercial availability. A summary of your company's expertise in the manufacturing of the part. -A summary of your company's delivery capability. -A summary of your company's experience conducting First Article Testing -A summary of the place of performance. -The NAICS Code appropriate for the item/s being requested. Statements of your firm's expertise should include reference to relevant contracts performed (including a description of the scope, quantity manufactured, contract number, and point of contact with phone number). All interested firms and manufacturers, regardless of size, may respond to this request for information. Information submissions can include product literature and illustrations, relevant company background/experience. Information submissions must be received no later than 7 days following posting of the Sources Sought Notice. Responses should be addressed to Zachary Wiegand, at the following address: zachary.k.wiegand.civ@army.mil Again, this information is being requested for Government planning purposes only and does not commit the Government to any contractual agreement. This is not a request for proposals. The Government will not award a contract based upon responses to this announcement. The Government shall not reimburse or pay any costs for preparing or submitting information in response to this notice. Contracting Office Address: Army Contracting Command - Detroit Arsenal (ACC-DTA) ATTN: Zachary Wiegand - Contract Specialist 6501 E. Eleven Mile Road, Detroit Arsenal, Ml 48397-5000 Point of Contact(s): Zachary Wiegand -zachary.k.wiegand.civ@army.mil -zachary.k.wiegand.civ@army.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Zachary Wiegand
  - Email: zachary.k.wiegand.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5715889382

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/becc67fb796f4cdc9260aca9ad7a454c/view)