---
layout: default
title: M839 25.4mm Decoy Cartridge, XM20 and M1A1/M1E2 Countermeasure Chaff
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: fefc7ffde9774002b3c695b323c2b62f
---

# M839 25.4mm Decoy Cartridge, XM20 and M1A1/M1E2 Countermeasure Chaff

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 09:12:42.446-04
- Solicitation Number: W519TC25R0055

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice for XM20 Countermeasures Chaff, M839 25.4mm Decoy Cartridge and M1A1/M1E2 Countermeasure Chaff. The United States (U.S.) Army Contracting Command – Rock Island (ACC-RI) on behalf of the Office of the Project Manager Close Combat Systems (PM CCS), Picatinny Arsenal, NJ is issuing this Sources Sought Notice as a means of conducting market research. The results of this market research will be used to establish the acquisition strategy and method of procurement if a requirement materializes to support/provide the manufacture, assembly, inspection, testing, packaging, shipping and delivery of the M839 25.4mm Decoy, the XM20 Countermeasures Chaff, and the M1A1/M1E2 Countermeasure Chaff in Fiscal Year 2027 (FY27) through Fiscal Year 2029 (FY29). Based on the responses to this Sources Sought Notice/market research, this requirement may be set-aside for small businesses (in full or in part) or procured through full and open competition. Multiple awards may be made. All small business set-aside categories will be considered. All contractors interested in this potential future solicitation must be registered in System for Award Management (sam.gov). Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding submissions. PROGRAM BACKGROUND The XM20 Countermeasures Chaff is currently under development by Combat Capabilities Development Command (DEVCOM) Armaments Center (CCDC_AC) and is currently scheduled to achieve Milestone C (MS C) in 4th Quarter (4Q) of FY26. Initial deliveries of the XM20 in FY26 will support Low-Rate Initial Production (LRIP) followed by Full Rate Production (FRP) in FY27. The M839 25.4mm Decoy Cartridge is currently in the sustainment phase, with manufacture and delivery required starting in FY27 to support war reserve requirements and Foreign Military Sales (FMS). The M1A1/M1E2 Countermeasure Chaff will support LRIP in FY26, followed by FRP in FY27, with Initial Operational Capability (IOC) alongside the XM20 in FY27. The XM20, M839 and M1A1/M1E2 are designed to protect U.S. Army helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft against Radio Frequency (RF) guided threats. These decoys are consumable items and the war reserve must be replenished. This procurement effort supports current military operations, war reserve requirements, and Foreign Military Sales (FMS). REQUIRED CAPABILITIES The Government requires the manufacture and delivery of the XM20 LRIP to support Initial Operational Capability (IOC) in FY27. Manufacture and delivery of the M839 is required starting in FY27 to support war reserved requirements and FMS buys. Manufacture and delivery of the M1A1/M1E2 is required starting in FY27 to support IOC alongside the XM20. The XM20 Countermeasures Chaff, M839 25.4mm Decoy Cartridge and M1A1/M1E2 Countermeasure Chaff provides U.S. aircraft protection against advanced surface-to-air missile (SAM) weapon systems. Potential sources shall be capable of producing, manufacturing, assembling, inspecting, testing, packaging and shipping the XM20 Countermeasures Chaff, M839 25.4mm Decoy Cartridge, and M1A1/M1E2 Countermeasure Chaff in accordance with the Government Technical Data Package (TDP), drawings and performance specifications. Respondents should include the following information to show they have the capability to meet the requirements for production, testing and delivery of the XM20, M839 and M1A1/M1E2: Specific manufacturing capabilities include but are not limited to manufacturing, cutting, and loading of Aluminum coated glass strands into the final products/systems/packaging configurations. First Article Testing as well as Conformance/Lot Acceptance Testing (LAT) at the component and end-item level to include physical measurements and functional testing will be required. If a respondent does not have the adequate resources (technical, manufacturing, personnel, etc.) available, the respondent must be able to describe and demonstrate their ability to obtain these resources in a timely fashion. If a respondent chooses to utilize the services of sub-tier vendors or subcontractors, those vendors or subcontractors must also meet these criteria. The intent of this Sources Sought is to identify and assess sources capable of manufacturing, packaging, inspecting, testing and delivering the XM20, M839, and M1A1/M1E2. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Any resulting contract is anticipated to have a security classification level of Secret. Any resulting contract shall be compliant with the specialty metals restriction of the Berry Amendment (10 U.S.C. 2533a and 2533b) in accordance with Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) clauses 252.225-7008 “Restriction on Acquisition of Specialty Metals” and DFARS 252.225-7009 “Restriction on Acquisition of Certain Articles Containing Specialty Metals”. ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 325998 All Other Miscellaneous Chemical Product and Preparation Manufacturing with a Small Business Size Standard of 650 (number of employees). The Product Service Code (PSC) for the XM20 is 1370, M1A1/M1E2 is 5865, and 1305 for the M839. RESPONSE SUBMISSION DETAILS Interested businesses should submit a brief capabilities statement package (no more than ten (10)

8.5 X 11-inch pages, font no smaller than 10 point) demonstrating ability to provide the products/systems listed in this notice. Documentation should be in bullet format. No phone or email solicitations with regards to the status of the RFP will be accepted prior to its release. To be considered a qualified source for this requirement, all interested companies shall provide the following information: 1. Summary of the company’s capabilities, including a description of facilities, personnel, and past manufacturing experience as it relates to the above criteria. 2. Technical and manufacturing capability and demonstrated past performance in explosives processing industry. 3. If adequate resources (technical, manufacturing, personnel, etc.) are not available, describe/demonstrate the ability to obtain these resources in a timely fashion. 4. If sub-tier vendors or subcontractors will be utilized, confirm those vendors or subcontractors also meet these criteria. 5. Qualification: The XM20 Countermeasures Chaff must be qualified. Sources shall address their plans to qualify their production of XM20 Countermeasures Chaff. 6. Based on the requirements described above: a) Describe or characterize your ability to meet the identified requirements. b) Constraints in meeting the identified requirements. c) Administrative and Production Lead-time to resolve potential obsolescence issues. d) Production lead time transition phase leading to and through a First Article Test (FAT) and to production. e) For each canister type, provide details on the minimum order quantity, range quantity cost, lot sizes, and production rates. f) An assessment of risk identification in the following areas: technical, performance, cost, schedule, material/supply chain management, production, and cost (Non-Recurring Engineering (NRE) related). 7. A Cost estimate related to all NRE associated with conducting FAT for the items in question and any recurring engineering required meeting the Government’s objectives. 8. Due to current global supply chain and other factors, respondents are asked to identify any components or materials that may be subject to price volatility or scarcity and address what their firm is doing to mitigate risk related to obtaining materials, price impacts, and production stability; Government will evaluate. 9. Provide evidence that you and your supply chain are ISO9001 or AS 9100 certified. If not currently certified, provide roadmap to acquire certification. 10. Provide the organization's name, address, technical point of contact, position, phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, Cage Code, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), and business size. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice must be electronically submitted to the Contract Specialist listed below in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF). Responses must reference the number of this Sources Sought Notice, W519TC-25-R-0055 in the subject line of the e-mail and on all enclosed documents. All responses should include the following: Company name, address, Cage Code, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), Point of Contact, Company Ownership (public, private, joint venture), Business Classification, and primary points of contact (POC) with email addresses, fax numbers, and telephone numbers. All submissions, written comments, or questions shall be submitted to the ACC-RI Contract Specialist, Kimberlee Gravert, in either Microsoft Word or PDF, via email kimberlee.i.gravert.civ@army.mil; and Joseph DePover (joseph.r.depover.civ@army.mil) by the due date of this Market Survey. Must be submitted 15 calendar days from the date of this publication. If a formal Solicitation is generated at a later date, a separate Solicitation Notice will be published. No award will be made as a result of this Market Survey. All information is to be submitted at no cost or obligation to the Government. The information provided will not be returned. The Government will accept written questions via e-mail only. All responses shall reference this Notice ID number in subject line of e-mail and on all enclosed documents. Information and materials submitted in response to this request WILL NOT be returned. DO NOT SUBMIT CLASSIFIED MATERIAL. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged. No feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding submissions. All data received in response to this Notice that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. Additionally, any information submitted by respondents to this Sources Sought Notice is strictly voluntary. JOINT CERTIFICATION PROGRAM (JCP) AND TDP ACCESS Vendors MUST be fully certified in the Joint Certification Program (JCP) with an approved and current DD form 2345, Military Critical Technical Data Agreement and request the drawings, TDPs and/or specifications via the link in the attachments section of this solicitation in WWW.SAM.GOV. Restricted technical data will not be available to interested sources who have not been certified through the JCP. Additionally, if an interested party is not based in the U.S., a copy of their approved Export License issued by the U.S. Department of State must be provided as well. The Government-owned TDP, drawings and performance specifications are marked as Distribution Statement D. Distribution authorized to the Department of Defense and U.S. DoD contractors only Critical Technology. The TDP, drawings and performance specifications contain technical data whose export is restricted by the Arms Export Control Act (Title 22, U.S.C., Sec 2751, et seq.) or Export Administration Act of 1979 (Title 50, U.S.C., Appt 2401 et seq), as amended. Violations of these export laws are subject to severe criminal penalties. Disseminate in accordance with provisions of DoD Directive 5230-25. All respondents to this market survey shall show they have certification to receive export-controlled technical data (including drawings restricted by Distributions Statement D) and must have facility clearance to handle classified material. DESTRUCTION NOTICE - EXPORT-CONTROLLED TECHNICAL DATA For classified documents, follow the procedures in DoD 5220.22-M, Industrial Security Manual, Section 11-19 or DoD 5200.1-R, Information Security Program Regulation, Chapter IX. For unclassified, limited documents, destroy by any method that will prevent disclosure of contents or reconstruction of the document. REQUESTING TDPs, DRAWINGS AND SPECIFICATIONS: 1. Contractors must submit their request for the XM20, M389, and M1A1/M1E2 TDPs, drawings, and specifications via the link in the attachments section of this solicitation in WWW.SAM.GOV, along with the forms specified below. Please note, the person listed on the DD2345 as the Data Custodian, MUST be the person requesting access on SAM.gov. 2. Fill out and submit, via email to the Points of Contact listed below, the following forms (found in the Attachments section of this notice). Please ensure subject line of email read as follows: “Sources Sought Notice W519TC-25-R-0055 (Company Name)” Attachment 1- Non-Disclosure and Non-Use Agreement (NDA) Attachment 2 - AMSTA-AR Form 1350 Technical Data Questionnaire 3. When all completed documents are received/reviewd, and JCP certification is verified through the system, the TDP, drawings, and specifications will be sent. 4. The Government will advise regarding any additional requirements related to International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) compliance. DISCLAIMER THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE (MARKET SURVEY) IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS NOTICE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A REQUEST FOR QUOTE(RFQ)/INVITATION FOR BID (IFB)/REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) OR A PROMISE TO ISSUE AN RFQ, IFB OR RFP IN THE FUTURE. THIS NOTICE DOES NOT COMMIT THE GOVERNMENT TO CONTRACT FOR ANY SUPPLY OR SERVICE. FURTHER, THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT SEEKING QUOTES, BIDS OR PROPOSALS AT THIS TIME AND WILL NOT ACCEPT UNSOLICITED PROPOSALS IN RESPONSE TO THIS NOTICE. NO AWARD WILL BE MADE AS A RESULT OF THIS NOTICE. THE GOVERNMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REJECT, IN WHOLE, OR IN PART, ANY PRIVATE SECTOR INPUT THAT RESULTS FROM THIS NOTICE. THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT OBLIGATED TO NOTIFY RESPONDENTS OF THE RESULTS OF THIS NOTICE. THE U.S. GOVERNMENT WILL NOT PAY FOR ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED OR ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS INCURRED IN RESPONSE TO THIS NOTICE. CONTACT INFORMATION U.S. Army Contracting Command – Rock Island Munitions and Industrial Base Directorate 3055 Rodman Avenue Rock Island, IL 61299-8000 Primary Point of Contact: Kimberlee Gravert, Contract Specialist EMAIL: Kimberlee.i.gravert.civ@army.mil Secondary Point of Contact: Joe DePover, Contracting Officer EMAIL: Joseph.r.depover.civ@army.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joseph DePover
  - Email: joseph.r.depover.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kimberlee Gravert
  - Email: kimberlee.i.gravert.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Non-Disclosure and Non-Use Agreement (NDA) Attachment 2 - AMSTA-AR Form 1350 Technical Data Questionnaire 3. When all completed documents are received/reviewd, and JCP certification is verified through the system, the TDP, drawings, and specifications will be sent. 4. The Government will advise regarding any additional requirements related to International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) compliance. DISCLAIMER THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE (MARKET SURVEY) IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS NOTICE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A REQUEST FOR QUOTE(RFQ)/INVITATION FOR BID (IFB)/REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) OR A PROMISE TO ISSUE AN RFQ, IFB OR RFP IN THE FUTURE. THIS NOTICE DOES NOT COMMIT THE GOVERNMENT TO CONTRACT FOR ANY SUPPLY OR SERVICE. FURTHER, THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT SEEKING QUOTES, BIDS OR PROPOSALS AT THIS TIME AND WILL NOT ACCEPT UNSOLICITED PROPOSALS IN RESPONSE TO THIS NOTICE. NO AWARD WILL BE MADE AS A RESULT OF THIS NOTICE. THE GOVERNMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REJECT, IN WHOLE, OR IN PART, ANY PRIVATE SECTOR INPUT THAT RESULTS FROM THIS NOTICE. THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT OBLIGATED TO NOTIFY RESPONDENTS OF THE RESULTS OF THIS NOTICE. THE U.S. GOVERNMENT WILL NOT PAY FOR ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED OR ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS INCURRED IN RESPONSE TO THIS NOTICE. CONTACT INFORMATION U.S. Army Contracting Command – Rock Island Munitions and Industrial Base Directorate 3055 Rodman Avenue Rock Island, IL 61299-8000 Primary Point of Contact: Kimberlee Gravert, Contract Specialist EMAIL: Kimberlee.i.gravert.civ@army.mil Secondary Point of Contact: Joe DePover, Contracting Officer EMAIL: Joseph.r.depover.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fefc7ffde9774002b3c695b323c2b62f/view)