---
layout: default
title: 2026-UAETA SYNOPSIS
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 32156e780950467f93097a79698838a4
---

# 2026-UAETA SYNOPSIS

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 09:49:09.093-04
- Solicitation Number: 2026-UAETA

## Summary

The intent of this Synopsis, in accordance with FAR 5.201, is to add the following sole-source services for the United Arab Emirates (UAE) onto the already established contract with Raytheon Company, SPRBL1-25-D-0006 / SPRRA2-25-D-0016. Our market research suggests that Raytheon is the sole approved source capable of providing these services for this requirement which includes advice, assistance, and training in the planning, fielding, deployment, operation, maintenance management, logistics support and sustainment of the UAE PATRIOT Air Defense System and associated equipment. SPRBL1-25-D-0006 / SPRRA2-25-D-0016 is a ten (10) year Indefinite-Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract providing for the support of Depot Level Repairable (DLR) and consumable spare parts as well as repair and engineering services provided by Raytheon that are associated with sole-source Raytheon manufactured system components. The contract was awarded on September 26, 2025. The contract maximum ceiling is $5B. The Government has determined to be acceptable. This synopsis details the intent of the Government to release a sole-source solicitation for services to includes advice, assistance, and training in the planning, fielding, deployment, operation, maintenance management, logistics support and sustainment of the UAE PATRIOT Air Defense System and associated equipment. The government does not own the technical data packages or procedures to run special tooling and test equipment. Only the source previously approved by the government for supply of these items will be solicited. The time required for approval of a new source is normally such that award cannot be delayed pending approval of a new source. If you are not an approved source, please review the following steps that identify the technical data needed to demonstrate that a prospective contractor can competently manufacture a NIIN or provide a service to the same level of quality or better than the Approved Source. For an Alternate Product Please Submit in Accordance with the Following: An Alternate Offeror shall respond to the Contracting Specialist, Kristal Gahre: Kristal.Gahre@dla.mil, 443-252-5843 on whether they intend to offer the Government an alternative product and submit support documentation. The review process for alternate offerors can take over 180 days from the date the alternate offeror package is received. Once a decision is made, you will receive a notification advising you of the results. Alternate products may include a previously reverse-engineered product or a previously-approved product; and shall furnish the data required. Any product offered must be either the product cited from the Item Description listing above or be physically, mechanically, electrically, and functionally interchangeable with the product cited: (1) The Offeror must indicate that an alternate product is being offered if the Offeror is any one of the following: (i) An Offeror who (A) manufactures the item for an approved source currently cited; and (B) does not have authorization from that approved source to manufacture the item, identify it as the approved source part number, and sell the item directly to the Government; (ii) A dealer/distributor offering the product of a manufacturer that meets the description in subparagraph (i) above; (iii) An Offeror of a previously reverse-engineered product that is not currently cited; or(iv) Any other Offeror who does not meet the criteria in subparagraphs (b)(1), (d), or (e) of this provision. (2) If an alternate product is offered, the Offeror shall furnish legible copies of all drawings, specifications, or other data necessary to clearly describe the characteristics and features of the alternate product being offered. Data submitted shall cover design, materials, performance, function, interchangeability, inspection and/or testing criteria, and other characteristics of the offered product. If the offered product is to be manufactured in accordance with data the Offeror has obtained from elsewhere within the Government, the Offeror shall either furnish the detailed data specified in this paragraph, or supply a description of the data package in its possession; i.e., basic data document and revision, the date the data was obtained and from whom (Government agency/activity). If the Offeror does not furnish the detailed data with its offer, the Contracting Officer will be unable to begin evaluation of the offered product until such time as the detailed data can be obtained from the Government agency/activity possessing the data. If the alternate product is a previously reverse engineered product, the Offeror shall provide: traceability documentation to establish that the offered item represents the item specified (i.e., invoice from an approved source or submission of samples having markings of an approved source); number of samples that were examined; the process/logic used; raw data (measurements, lab reports, test results) used to prepare drawings or specifications for the offered item; any additional evidence that indicates the reverse-engineered item will function properly in the end item; and any evidence that life cycle/reliability considerations have been analyzed. (3) In addition, the Offeror may be required to furnish data describing the exact product cited. The data required from the Offeror depends on the level of technical data describing the exact product, if any, available to the Government. The possible levels of technical data the Government may have and the corresponding data submission requirements for Offerors are identified in subparagraphs (a)-(d) below. For the item(s) being acquired under this solicitation, the level of data in the Governments possession and the corresponding requirements for data submission are identified; or, if not specified, are as follows: [buyer insert (a), (b), (c), or (d), as applicable]. (If the level of data in the Governments possession and Offeror requirements for data submission are not identified in either the POT or PID or in this subparagraph (c)(3), then subparagraph (i) below applies.) (i) No data: This Agency has no data available for evaluating the acceptability of alternate products offered. In addition to the data required in subparagraph (c)(2) of this provision, the Offeror must furnish drawings and other data covering the design, materials, etc., of the exact product cited, sufficient to establish that the Offeror's product is equal to the product cited. (ii) Adequate proprietary (i.e., limited rights) data: This Agency possesses adequate drawings and/or specifications for the exact product as cited, but such data are proprietary (i.e., limited rights) and shall be used only for evaluation purposes. The Offeror must furnish the data required in subparagraph (c)(2) of this provision, but is not required to submit data on the exact product. (iii) Inadequate data: This Agency does not have adequate data available for evaluating the acceptability of alternate products offered. In addition to the data required in subparagraph (c)(2) of this provision, the Offeror must furnish drawings and other data covering the design, materials, etc., of the exact product cited, sufficient to establish that the Offeror's product is equal to the product cited. (iv) Adequate catalog data: This is a commercial off the shelf item. Adequate catalog data are available at the contracting office to evaluate alternate offers. In addition to the data required in subparagraph (c)(2) of this provision, the Offeror must furnish with its offer a commercially-acceptable cross reference list; or legible copies of all drawings, specifications or other data necessary to clearly describe the characteristics and features of the alternate product being offered, sufficient to establish that the Offeror’s product is equal to the product cited. The Offeror is not required to submit data on the exact product. (4) The Contracting Officer will not evaluate offers of alternate product (which includes offers of previously reverse-engineered product) for the current procurement. Instead, the Offeror shall submit a request to the appropriate location for evaluation of the alternate products technical acceptability for future procurements of the same item. The request for evaluation shall cite the national stock number (NIIN) of the exact product and, as identified in this synopsis, include the applicable level of technical data on the alternate and exact products. The level of technical data that the Government has available for use to evaluate the acceptability of an alternate product offered, and the corresponding level of technical data that must be furnished with an offer of alternate product, will be identified either or in paragraph (c)(2) of the provision at 52.217-9002. If the level of data and submission requirements are not identified in either of these locations in the solicitation, then 52.217-9002(c)(3)(i) applies. To be considered for the existing requirement, approved sources responding to this notice of intent shall be submitted no later than fifteen (15) days from the date of synopsis. Please note, if evaluation of an approved alternate Offeror cannot be processed in time and/or approval requirement preclude the ability to obtain subject items in time to meet government requirement, award of the subject requirement will proceed. Please Note: This notice is not a Request for Proposal. This notice is provided for planning purposes and is not to be construed as a commitment by the U.S. Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kristal Gahre
  - Email: kristal.gahre@dla.mil
  - Phone: 4432525843
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Adam Sheir
  - Email: adam.d.sheir@dla.mil
  - Phone: 4439038358

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/32156e780950467f93097a79698838a4/view)