---
layout: default
title: 155MM Metal Parts Market Survey
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 5a542bdbbb1a4ccbbc4b284402203579
---

# 155MM Metal Parts Market Survey

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 14:49:56.403-04
- Solicitation Number: W15QKN-26-X-1BDB

## Summary

IMPORTANT INFORMATION: This market survey is for informational and planning purposes only and shall NOT be construed as a Request for Proposal; therefore, no contract will be awarded from this announcement. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this announcement or any follow-up information requests. This notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government for any purpose other than market research. REQUIREMENT: The U.S. Army Contracting Command-New Jersey (ACC-NJ) Picatinny Arsenal, NJ, on behalf of the Project Manager Combat Ammunition Systems (PM CAS), is conducting market survey to identify qualified sources within the National Technology and Industrial Base (NTIB) capable of manufacturing and delivering the following Projectile Metal Parts: 155mm M825A1 Artillery Projectile Body 155mm M116A1 Artillery Projectile Body 155mm M795 Projectile Metal Part Assembly 155mm M1128 Projectile Metal Part Assembly The purpose of this market survey is to obtain current information on the capability of qualified sources to deliver the 155mm M825A1, M116A1, M795, and M1128 Artillery Metal Part Assemblies with delivery starting in Fiscal Year (FY) 2029 and covering anticipated FY28-FY32 requirements. 1. 155mm M825A1 Artillery Projectile Body The M825A1, National Stock Number (NSN): 1320-01-164-3487, is a 155mm Smoke Canister Projectile Body made from hot rolled 4140 steel, has a finished weight of approximately 58 lbs., is approximately 30 inches long, and has a curved exterior. In addition, the M825A1 utilizes a welded rotating band that encircles the body close to the base. M825A1 is phosphated and receives a layer of paint. For storage and transport, a Universal Lifting Plug is threaded into the nose cavity, and a flexible cover is installed over the rotating band. The Universal Lifting Plug and Wood Pallets will be Contractor Furnished Material (CFM) under this effort. The Government estimates that approximately 36,000 M825A1 Artillery Projectile Bodies may be purchased over a five-year period. 2. 155mm M116A1 Artillery Projectile Body The M116A1, NSN: 1320-01-054-5127, is a 155mm Smoke Canister Projectile Body made from hot forged carbon steel, has a finished weight of approximately 60 lbs., is approximately 24 inches long, and has a curved exterior. In addition, the M116A1 utilizes a swaged rotating band made from seamless brass tubing that encircles the body close to the base. M116A1 is phosphated and receives a layer of paint. For storage and transport, a Universal Lifting Plug is threaded into the nose cavity and a flexible cover is installed over the rotating band. The Universal Lifting Plug and Wood Pallets will be CFM under this effort. The Government estimates that approximately 12,000 M116A1s may be purchased over a five-year period. 3. 155mm M795 Projectile Metal Part Assembly The 155mm M795 Projectile Metal Parts Assembly, (NSN: 1320-01-571-6740) is made from a high fragmentation steel alloy (HF-1), has a finished weight of approximately 75 lbs., is a forged metal part approximately 30 inches long, and has a curved exterior. In addition, the M795 utilizes a welded rotating band that encircles the body close to the base. The M795 Metal Part is phosphated with both its internal cavity and exterior receiving a layer of paint. For storage and transport, a lifting plug is threaded into the nose cavity, and a flexible cover is installed over the rotating band. The metal parts are palletized and provided to the Load, Assemble, and Pack manufacturer for further processing. 4. 155mm M1128 Projectile Metal Part Assembly The 155mm M1128 Artillery Metal Part Assembly, (M1128 Base Closure NSN: 1320-01-689-8999) and (M1128 Metal Part Assembly NSN: 8140-01-689-6709) will consist of a forged projectile and a separately forged base closure. The projectile will be made of HF-1 steel heat treated to the specified strength and the base closure will be forged from 4340 steel. The 155mm M1128 Artillery Metal Parts Assembly will also utilize a welded rotating band similar to the one used on the 155mm Artillery M795 Projectile Metal Parts Assembly. The M1128 projectile is phosphated with both its internal cavity and exterior receiving a layer of paint. The base closure is phosphated with the exterior receiving a layer of paint. The metal parts are palletized and provided to the Load, Assemble, and Pack manufacturer for further processing. All interested sources must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) in order to provide a response. Responses shall include the following information for the Government’s review and assessment: a. Company's contact information including organization’s name, address, point of contact, phone number, fax number, e-mail address, business size, taxpayer identification number, Unique Entity ID and Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code (as applicable); b. A summary that includes a brief description of the contractor's capabilities to include: parent organizations, name/address/point of contact identification/email address, website, potential partnering/teaming arrangements, and manufacturing capabilities to include forging, welding, heat treatment, Non-destructive testing, and protective coatings. c. Past manufacturing experience with artillery metal parts assemblies (155mm) or similar scope(s) of work within the last 10 years; d. A description of facilities/equipment, manufacturing processes, inspection capability, personnel, and Quality Management System certifications or standards used. A description of facilities, equipment including key specifications or capabilities, manufacturing processes, inspection (destructive and non-destructive) capabilities, personnel, past experience as an artillery metal parts producer or a systems contractor, proven monthly production capacity and/or potential capability, and possible partnering/teaming arrangements. Responses should include how the aforementioned factors relate to the specific technical requirements of 155MM Artillery Metal Parts. e. A description of the company's existing production capacity, their projected monthly production, lead times and delivery capability, and their ability to meet the Government's minimum production rate per month. Responses should identify the key pieces of equipment with lead times required to manufacture, test, and inspect product in conformance to the technical data package, inclusive of the forging, machining, rotating band welding, heat treating, ultrasonic testing, phosphating, and painting processes. 155mm M825A1 Artillery Projectile Body- Responses should address the company's existing production capacity, and capability to consistently meet the Government's required monthly production and delivery of no less than 500 M825A1 Metal Parts per month; 155mm M116A1 Artillery Projectile Body- Responses should address the company's existing production capacity, and capability to consistently meet the Government's required monthly production and delivery of no less than 500 M116A1 Metal Parts per month; 155mm M795 Projectile Metal Part Assembly- Responses should address the company's existing production capacity, and capability to consistently meet the Government's required monthly production and delivery of no less than 5,000 M795 Metal Parts per month, as well as minimum sustaining and maximum capacity rates. 155mm M1128 Projectile Metal Part Assembly- Responses should address the company's existing production capacity, and capability to consistently meet the Government's required monthly production and delivery of no less than 5,000 M1128 Metal Parts per month, as well as minimum sustaining and maximum capacity rates. f. Do you offer a commercially available product, or one that can be modified, that would meet the Government’s need for any of these items? Responses shall not exceed 15 pages in length and should provide sufficient detail for the U.S. Government to make a reasonable assessment regarding your company’s capability to produce this item at the required rate. NO CLASSIFIED information shall be submitted. Please identify any proprietary information submitted. All information provided will not be returned and will be held in confidential status. The Technical Data Package (TDP) for all metal parts listed above will be made available for informational purposes upon request and receipt of all required documents. Technical data is marked Distribution D; therefore, data distribution is only authorized to the Department of War (DoW) and U.S. DoW contractors. Foreign sources may receive the technical data pending PM CAS approval. PM CAS reserves the right to deny the release of technical data to any source at its discretion. DoW and U.S. DoW contractors interested in receiving a copy of the TDP are required to submit a signed and completed DD Form 2345, Militarily Critical Technical Data Agreement; AMSTA-AR Form 1350, Technical Data Request Questionnaire; and Non-Disclosure Agreement for the Government's consideration. Interested sources shall not reproduce, duplicate, or copy the TDPs, or any portion thereof, except to the extent necessary for, and then only in connection with the preparation and/or submission of a capability statement related to this sources sought notice. This rule applies to distribution of the TDPs to all subcontractors at every level. Upon completion of the purposes for which Government Technical Data has been provided, the contractor is required to destroy all documents, including all reproductions, duplications, or copies thereof as may have been further distributed by the contractor. Destruction of this Technical data shall be accomplished by: shredding, pulping, burning, or melting any physical copies of the TDP and/or deletion or removal of downloaded TDP files from computer drives and electronic devices, and any copies of those files. Within three days after this notice expires, the contractor will notify the point of contact confirming destruction of all Government-provided technical data and certify that no copies were retained. The point of contract for this requirement is Mr. Christopher Bartow ACC-NJ at christopher.j.bartow.civ@army.mil. All inquiries shall be made via e-mail only. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Christopher Bartow
  - Email: christopher.j.bartow.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Anthony Aurillo
  - Email: anthony.r.aurillo.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5a542bdbbb1a4ccbbc4b284402203579/view)