---
layout: default
title: 4110--Liquid Nitrogen Precision Freezer Controller System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: df537b27e6634940bfb94a922c01e7fd
---

# 4110--Liquid Nitrogen Precision Freezer Controller System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 12:33:42.181-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0636
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) / SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION ABOUT PRICING, DELIVERY, THE MARKET, AND CAPABILITIES IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI FOR PLANNING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a Sources Sought Notice / RFI only. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice / RFI is to gain information about potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 333415 (size standard of 1,250 Employees). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI, further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcements may be published. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking sources capable of providing freezer controller system and accessories equivalent to brand IC Biomedical. CLIN DESCRIPTION QTY UOM 0001 IC Biomedical Liquid Nitrogen Freezer Model# LABS20K-PRECISION or equal 1 EA 0002 IC Biomedical Rack for Freezer Model# BTI-CF-13-2-S-MC or equal 14 EA SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS CLIN 0001 IC Biomedical Liquid Nitrogen Freezer Model# LABS20K-PRECISION or equal Quantity: 1EA Must have a user-friendly touchscreen with intuitive interface for simple user interaction. Must come with full audit trail records of all actions undertaken by a signed-in individual, including time and date stamps. Must have programmable logic controller (PLC) system to provide enhanced sample security. Must have a hinged lid with locking capability for securing inventory. Must have a stainless-steel tabletop to provide a working surface. Must have a single pivot-point aluminum turntable design with smooth rotation that is ergonomic for easier movement and accessibility. Must have segmented and labeled turntable for easy inventory storage access and management. Must have convenient access to measure liquid nitrogen (LN2) levels. Must have Differential Pressure Sensors to ensure reliability of LN2 levels. Must come with internal LED lighting and automatic defog function when opened for faster sample visibility. Must have a user management system that allows for the creation of unlimited user profiles with individual permissions. Must have a fold-down full-sized step for securing step when stowed. Must be an all stainless-steel construction to provide precise temperature control for LN2. Must include warm gas bypass for stable operation. Must come with battery backup. Must be able to store LN2 in either liquid or vapor phase. Must be able to operate at -190°C vapor phase with extended temperature hold. Must be highly efficient with low LN2 consumption for environment sustainability. CLIN 0002 IC Biomedical Rack for Freezer Model# BTI-CF-13-2-S-MC or equal -Quantity: 14EA Must be compatible with CLIN 0001. Must be designed for laboratory chest and liquid nitrogen freezers. Must be a vertical freezer rack with spring clip locks for secure storage. Must be for standard 2 boxes. Must have stainless steel construction to provide high corrosion resistance. Must have reduced footprint to allow for easy removal and placement into the freezer during sample access. The list of freezer controller system and accessories characteristics is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive, of the supplies/services that are required. If your company is interested and capable of providing the required supplies/services, please provide the information indicated below. Incomplete responses to the questions below this notice will not be accepted. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Submit your capabilities statement illustrating how your organization can/cannot meet the SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS. For instances where your company cannot meet the SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS, please explain. For instances where your company can meet the SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS requirement(s), please show how your company meets/exceeds each requirement. (2) Please review the SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS and provide any additional feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (3) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. (4) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified in this RFI? (5) Are you the manufacturer, authorized distributor, and/or can your company provide a solution to the required supplies/services described in the list of SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS? (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated/authorized distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified. (8) Limitations on Subcontracting: How does your business ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting as outlined in 13 CFR § 125.6? (9) Are the items you are identifying/providing considered Commercial of the Shelf (COTS) items as defined in FAR Part 2.101 under commercial items? (10) Non-Manufacturer Rule: If applicable, can you confirm your business complies with the Non-Manufacturer rule? Specifically, does your company: Provide a product from a small business manufacturer or processor? Not exceed 500 employees? Primarily engage in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of item being supplied? Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? (11) Please indicate whether your product conforms to the requirements of the Buy American Act? (12) What is your lead time to deliver a single unit with all components? Is there scale in lead time with greater quantities? Please elaborate. (13) What is estimated life span of your solution? What support/services does that entail? (14) Does your proposed equipment have FDA clearance? Please specify what FDA clearance(s) have been obtained. (15) Does your organization offer a leasing solution? Please elaborate. (16) Does your company have a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract? If so, please provide the contract number(s). (17) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract holder, are all the items/solutions you are providing information about available on your schedule/contract? Please state if all or some items are available on the contract. (18) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (19) Please provide your SAM.gov Unique Entity ID/Cage Code number. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Melissa.Ramirez8@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Thursday, April 23rd, 2026 by 10:00 AM Pacific Local Time. All responses to this Sources Sought/RFI will be used for planning purposes only. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI are not considered a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcement is issued as a result of the information provided from this RFI, all interested parties must respond to the specific posting separately IAW the specifications of that announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Melissa Ramirez
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Melissa.Ramirez8@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/df537b27e6634940bfb94a922c01e7fd/view)