---
layout: default
title: Joint Base Lewis McChord Multi Domain Task Force Buildings 3223-3224, Washington
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: dad86cdf615b4c378775a57ba594a273
---

# Joint Base Lewis McChord Multi Domain Task Force Buildings 3223-3224, Washington

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-23 12:58:45.461-04
- Solicitation Number: W912DW26RA036

## Summary

Subject: Joint Base Lewis McChord, WA Multi Domain Task Force (MDTF) Buildings 3223-3224 NAICS Code: 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction, size standard $45M Product Service Code: Y1AZ Construction of Other Administrative Facilities and Service Buildings Posted: 03/23/2026 Due: 04/06/2026 THIS IS A PROJECT LABOR AGREEMENT (PLA) SURVEY ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL, REQUEST FOR QUOTE, OR INVITATION FOR BID. THERE WILL NOT BE A SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATIONS OR DRAWINGS AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. This is a SPECIAL NOTICE. No proposals are being requested or accepted with this notice. The Corps of Engineers Seattle District is soliciting comments from the construction community addressing the required use of PLA for large scale construction projects as defined by FAR 22.502 (Total estimated costs of the construction contract to the Federal Government is $35 million or more) within Tacoma, Washington. DESCRIPTION OF WORK: General work will convert two (2) existing barrack buildings into operational facilities for 3 tier levels of command. These buildings in general are referred as “the Hammer Heads”. The Hammer Handles have three (3) floors with a crawl space at grade elevation. The Hammer Heads are single floor. The Basement area with a main utility mechanical & electrical room extends partially under both the Hammer Head and the Hammer Handle. The definitive removal / demolition work items for each building will require: a) Hazardous material / debris abatement and removal mostly within the crawl space b) Partial at ~ 75% removal / demolition of exterior building envelope, interior walls, etc, c) Removal at ~ 90% removal of building mechanical – electrical systems d) Removal of the existing roof EPDM system (but not the roof framing structure) The definitive repair / new work items for each building will require: e) New exterior envelope f) New building mechanical – electrical systems g) New roof TPO system Other considerations for site work coordination h) New utility connections (mostly by other entities) i) Shared construction boundaries with adjacent current and future projects MAGNITUDE: In accordance with DFARS 236.204, the magnitude of the estimated cost of construction (ECC) range for this project is between $25,000,000 and $100,000,000. FACTORS TO BE CONSIDERED: Some of the factors that may be considered regarding PLA use for this project are: FAR 22.504(d), Exceptions to project labor agreement requirements: (i): Requiring a project labor agreement on the project would not advance the Federal Government's interests in achieving economy and efficiency in Federal procurement. The exception shall be based on one or more of the following factors: (a) The project is of short duration and lacks operational complexity. (b) The project will involve only one craft or trade. (c) The project will involve specialized construction work that is available from only a limited number of contractors or subcontractors. (d) The agency's need for the project is of such an unusual and compelling urgency that a project labor agreement would be impracticable. (ii) Market research indicates requiring a PLA on this project would substantially reduce the number of potential Offerors to such a degree that adequate competition at a fair and reasonable price could not be achieved. (See FAR 10.002(b)(1) and FAR 36.104). (iii) Requiring a PLA on this project would otherwise be inconsistent with Federal statues, regulations, Executive Orders, or Presidential memoranda. FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATIONS (FAR): PLAs are required for all construction projects estimated at $35 Million or greater (using appropriated funds), unless an exception applies, as provided at FAR 22.504(d). INDUSTRY COMMENTS: The construction community is invited to comment on the use of PLAs using the following questions: 1) Do you have knowledge that a PLA has been used in the local area on projects of this kind? If so, please provide supporting documentation. 2) Are you aware of skilled labor shortages in the area for those crafts that will be needed to complete the referenced project? If so, please elaborate and provide supporting documentation where possible. 3) Are you aware of time sensitive issues/scheduling requirements that would affect the rate at which the referenced project should be completed? If so, please elaborate and provide supporting documentation where possible. 4) Identify specific reasons why or how you believe a PLA would advance the Federal Government’s interest in achieving economy and efficiency in Federal procurement. 5) Identify specific reasons why you do not believe a PLA would advance the Federal Government’s interest in achieving economy and efficiency in Federal procurement. 6) Identify any additional information you believe the Government should take into consideration regarding the use of a PLA on the referenced project. 7) Does your company intend to bid/propose on this project if a PLA requirement is included in the solicitation? Does your company intend to bid/propose on this project if a PLA requirement is not included in the solicitation? 8) What are the likely cost impacts, if any, to your bid/proposal price if a PLA requirement is included in the solicitation? Please provide as much detail as possible regarding any anticipated cost impacts (positive or negative) of the inclusion of a PLA requirement, including any information you can provide about the magnitude of the anticipated impact. (ii) The information gathered in this exercise should include the following information on projects completed in the last 2-5 years (or other timeframe, as appropriate): 1) Project Name and Location 2) Detailed Project Description 3) Initial Cost Estimate vs. Actual Final Cost 4) Was the project completed on time? 5) Number of craft trades present on the project 6) Was a PLA used? 7) Were there any challenges experienced during the project? Additional Questions: Are other projects in the vicinity going to limit the pool of skill labor available for your project? If so, which projects? Has your firm previously declined to bid on a project because of a PLA requirement? If so, please specify the project(s). How will a PLA impact the pool of available subcontractors for this project? How would a PLA on this project impact your ability to use your company’s preferred subcontractors? Do you anticipate that some of your key subcontractors would refuse to work on this project if a PLA is required? If yes, for which trades? If possible, provide an estimate of the expected increase or decrease in your total price if a PLA is required for this specific project and location in terms of a percentage? THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ANY COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. Responses to this PLA market survey will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. All interested sources must respond to future solicitations announcements separately from responses to this market survey.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Cassandra Gonzalez
  - Email: cassandra.p.gonzalez@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Shawna West
  - Email: shawna.m.west2@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2067643416

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dad86cdf615b4c378775a57ba594a273/view)