---
layout: default
title: H312--NEW Fire Damper Inspection and Testing Services
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 8bffd0d81ee140e6abd848ee265b9b59
---

# H312--NEW Fire Damper Inspection and Testing Services

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-30 13:31:16.058-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25226Q0361
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 3 of 3 SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS The Department of Veterans Affairs is issuing this source sought synopsis as a means of conducting market research to identify firms having an interest in and the resources to support a requirement to provide Fire Damper Inspection and Testing for the Clement J Zablocki VA Medical Center, located in Milwaukee, WI The result of this market research may contribute to determining the method of procurement. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this procurement is 922160 Fire Inspection and Investigations. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AT THIS TIME. This request for capability information does not constitute a request for proposals; submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary; the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred. Tentative requirements: Services shall be performed in accordance with, as a minimum, the following: Locate and operate all dampers in the facility, removing and resetting the fusible link, to verify the damper fully closes. Remove and reset fusible links on Fire Dampers, to verify such Fire Damper fully closes and if necessary, replace any fusible link that is compromised (per National Fire Protection Association Code). As necessary, lubricate all moving parts on each Damper. Clear each Damper of any debris that would impede such Damper s normal operation. Coordinate with Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) to place Customer s fire alarm system in test mode if necessary to conduct inspection of the smoke and/or combination Dampers. Manually activate actuators on electric and pneumatic smoke and/or combination Dampers to verify proper operation of such Damper. If there is no existing access to a Damper, contractor to notify VA. Then proper size access doors, as reasonably determined by Fire and Smoke Damper Inspection Contractor, will be installed to facilitate inspection; and Replace fusible links that are compromised. Replacement links shall be per National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) Code. The latch, if provided, shall be checked and moving parts shall be lubricated as necessary. The following are required to record the testing: Contractor shall NOT change the fire/smoke damper ID number; they MUST use the VA provided damper ID number for each fire/smoke damper. If the software system used requires/provides an automated ID, it MUST be secondary to the VA damper ID number and all data in the report will include the VA damper ID number. Mark the location of the fire, smoke, and combination fire/smoke dampers on the facility s drawings using the VA s damper ID number. An identification sticker shall be affixed to the damper indicating testing date and pass, building structure (ceiling, floor or wall) indicating the location of the respective damper. This will be the VA damper ID number. Document the before and after conditions of each damper with digital pictures. Decommission any dampers that can be decommissioned based on the current NPFA codes as listed below, and note which code and section allowed for the damper to be decommissioned. An identification sticker shall be affixed to the damper indicating Decommissioned . NFPA 101 Life Safety Code, 2024 Edition NFPA 80 Standard for Fire Doors and Other Opening Protectives, 2025 Edition NFPA 90A Installation of Air-Conditioning and Ventilating. 2024 Edition NFPA 105 Standard for Smoke Door Assemblies, and Other Opening Protectives, 2025 Edition. If your Company has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information:1) Company name, address, email address, web site address, telephone number, and size and type of ownership for the company; 2) Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, vehicle fleet size, and documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, companies should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements; and 3) Confirmation your company can meet the Limitations of Subcontracting should they apply (see below) The government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to provide services consistent in scope and scale with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated. Based on the responses to this synopsis and other market research, this requirement may be set-aside for veteran-owned small businesses (SDVOSBs or VOSBs) (limitation of subcontracting would apply), small businesses (limitations on subcontracting would apply) or procured through full and open competition. Limitations on Subcontracting 13 CFR §125.6 will apply to any procurement set-aside for veteran-owned small businesses (SDVOSBs or VOSBs) or small businesses. 13 CFR §125.6 states: (a) General. In order to be awarded a full or partial small business set-aside contract with a value greater than the simplified acquisition threshold (as defined in the FAR at 48 CFR 2.101) in paragraph (a) introductory text; and an 8(a) contract, an SDVO SBC contract, a HUBZone contract, a WOSB or EDWOSB contract pursuant to part 127 of this chapter, a small business concern must agree that: (1) In the case of a contract for services (except construction), it will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not similarly situated. Any work that a similarly situated subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the 50% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Before any small or large business can be awarded a federal contract, a contracting officer (CO) must affirmatively determine that the firm is responsible to perform the specific contract it is otherwise in line to receive. If an apparent small business successful offeror is denied a contract award because it lacks certain elements of responsibility, the CO will refer the matter to the Small Business Administration. Once a CO s referral is received by the SBA s area office, the SBA will then inform the small business of the CO s determination and offer it the opportunity to apply to the SBA for a Certificate of Competency by a specific date. Burden of proof is on the small business to demonstrate that it meets specific COC eligibility criteria. After award, if a CO or other VA officials determine a review of limitations on subcontracting compliance is warranted based upon reasonable information of possible noncompliance, a request for review will be submitted to VA s Subcontracting Compliance Review Program. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed services are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice by 10:00 AM Central Time Tuesday April 7, 2026. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to debbie.bruening@va.gov. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Debbie Bruening
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: debbie.bruening@va.GOV
  - Phone: 414-844-4802

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8bffd0d81ee140e6abd848ee265b9b59/view)