---
layout: default
title: 52000QR260023810 USCGC DONALD HORSLEY HULL INSPECTION AND ZINC RENEWAL
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 523d41b68a08420bb61fb6cffae83249
---

# 52000QR260023810 USCGC DONALD HORSLEY HULL INSPECTION AND ZINC RENEWAL

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 13:29:14.171-04
- Solicitation Number: 52000QR260023810

## Summary

52000QR260023810 USCGC DONALD HORSLEY HULL INSPECTION AND ZINC RENEWAL INTENT: This work item describes the requirements for the Contractor to conduct an inspection and cleaning of the vessel’s U/W body and renew U/W zinc anodes while the vessel is moored pier side. Affected surfaces or components include, but are not limited to the following: • U/W hull plating. • U/W body coating system. • Transducer(s)/sonar dome. • Drive Systems • Appendages • Cathodic Protection This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information in this notice. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote Number 52000QR260023810 USCGC DONALD HORSLEY HULL INSPECTION AND ZINC RENEWAL This procurement will be processed in accordance with FAR Part 12. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) is 336611 - Ship Building and Repairing. This is total small business set aside; all responsible small business sources may submit proposals that will be considered. This synopsis/solicitation is issued pursuant to FAR 13.106-1(b), and the resultant purchase order will be awarded on a firm-fixed price basis using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR 13. THE UNITED STATED COAST GUARD SURFACE FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER REQUEST THE CONTRACTORS TO PROVIDE PRICING FOR THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENT: The contractor shall provide 52000QR260023810 USCGC DONALD HORSLEY HULL INSPECTION AND ZINC RENEWAL Statement of Work (SOW) For Underwater Hull Inspect, Clean & Zinc Renewal 1. Background and Current Observed Issues CGC DONALD HORSLEY is requesting underwater hull inspection, cleaning and zinc renewal. 2. REFERENCES CG MPC B10015.D, UNDERWATER BODY (DIVER), INSP/CLN CG MPC B10018.D, UNDERWATER ZINC ANODES, REPLACE 3. REQUIREMENTS Entity completing the work must have trained personnel. The diver must have a dive tender aboard the vessel during dive operations. Hull must be thoroughly cleaned IAW MPC B10015.D and all pre& post cleaning forms must be completed. Zincs must be renewed IAW MPC B10018.D. There are 12 additional stern tube zincs not identified in the current B10018.D maintenance procedure card. 4. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE This maintenance must be completed between 30 March 2026 – 10 April 2026 5. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE USCG Base Galveston 3000 FT Point RD GALVESTON, TX 77550 6. POINTS OF CONTACT a. Cutter: MKC Joshua Cardosi Mobile: (702) 808-9704 Email: Joshua.A.Cardosi@uscg.mil b. Norfolk, VA Office: Contracting Officer Technical Representative (COR): LTJG Emma Snead Teams: (443) 844-0595 Email: emma.g.snead@uscg.mil Hull Plating, U/W Body, Diver’s Inspect, Clean and Renew U/W Zinc Anodes Perform 1. SCOPE 1.1. Intent. This work item describes the requirements for the Contractor to conduct an inspection and cleaning of the vessel’s U/W body and renew U/W zinc anodes while the vessel is moored pier side. Affected surfaces or components include, but are not limited to the following: • U/W hull plating. • U/W body coating system. • Transducer(s)/sonar dome. • Drive Systems • Appendages • Cathodic Protection

1.2 Government-furnished property. MTI ITEM DESCRIPTION NSN/PN QTY N Anode, B/T Gear Case P/N: 1081226, NIIN: 015485655 1 N Anode, B/T Tunnel P/N: 2002416, NIIN: 015664112 12 N Anode, Sea Chest Grate P/N: GA-4, NIIN: 016476179 4 N Anode, Stern Tube P/N: Z0020202H3 REV. 0, NIIN: 016445483 28 N Nut, Self-Locking, P/N: 90715A145, NIIN: 015085774 52 N Screw, Prop Zinc Plate P/N: 950756, NIIN: 016340210 8 N Screw, Sea Chest Grate Anode P/N: 93190A634, NIIN: 016197182 4 N Screw, Stern Tube Covers P/N: 90585A626, NIIN: 016161107 44 N Zinc Plate, Propeller P/N: 950733, NIIN: 016278941 2 2. REFERENCES Coast Guard Maintenance Procedure Card (MPC) B10015.D, UNDERWATER BODY (DIVER), INSP/CLN Coast Guard Maintenance Procedure Card (MPC) B10018.D, UNDERWATER ZINC ANODES, REPLACE COAST GUARD DRAWINGS Coast Guard Drawing 154 WPC 633-301, Rev C, Cathodic Protection System COAST GUARD PUBLICATIONS Surface Forces Logistics Center Standard Specification 0000 (SFLC Std Spec 0000), 2020, General Requirements OTHER REFERENCES Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Title 29, Part 1910, Subpart T, 2007, Commercial Diving Operations 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 General. 3.1.1 CIR. None. 3.1.2 Tech Rep. Not Applicable. 3.1.3 Protective measures. The Contractor must furnish and install all protective measures in accordance with SFLC Std Spec 0000, paragraph 3.3.3 (Vessel component, space, and equipment protection). 3.1.4 Interferences. The Contractor must handle all interferences in accordance with SFLC Std Spec 0000, paragraph 3.3.5 (Interferences) 3.1.5 The Contractor must provide the Coast Guard Inspector 24 hours advance notice of when the diver inspection will occur. Before diving procedures are commenced, meet with the COR and the Coast Guard Inspector, to discuss diving safety requirements and the securing of cutter machinery, as applicable. NOTE At Contractor’s request, Ship’s force will secure and tag out the cathodic protection system, main engines, steering gear, generator set, A/C unit, fire pumps, and all other machinery which may cause a hazard while a diver is in the water IAW COMDTINST 9077.1, MPC B10015.D and MPC B10018.D.

3.2 Pre-diving clearance. The Contractor must ensure that the diving team must obtain clearance from the Officer-of-the-Deck before beginning diving operations. Ensure the Coast Guard Inspector has capability for maintaining continuous two-way communication with diving personnel at all times, during the performance of the this work item. 3.2.1 The Contractor must, in accordance with 29 CFR 1910.401-440, provide a certified diver and a tender team, as well as necessary support personnel and equipment, to accomplish the tasks specified herein. WARNING Mixed gas diving and live boating are not permitted.

3.3 Inspection requirements - general. The Contractor must survey the entire U/W body of the vessel in accordance with MPC B10015.D, to inspect for abnormal conditions or situations, which may include, but not be limited to the below-listed. The Contractor must use the drawings and MPC’s listed in the References Section for guidance and accomplish the following tasks. • Hull plating and appendage damages. • Coating system defects or failures. • Welding corrosion and erosion. • Deformation in appendages. • Zinc performance. 3.3.1 Hull plating. The Contractor must inspect the exterior condition of the hull in accordance with MPC B10015.D for presence of marine growth, deformation, and any evidence of major corrosion or electrolytic action. Inspect for deformation along the stem and keel areas, condition of butt-welded seams, doubler plates, lap seams, and any signs of damaged plating or unusual waviness in the plating. 3.3.2 Coating system inspection. The Contractor must inspect the condition of the U/W body coating system, for signs of the following: • Peeling. • Blistering. • Abrasion. 3.3.2.1 Use the guidelines provided in Table I (Paint Deterioration Ratings (PDR) for Antifouling/Anticorrosion (AF/AC) Paint System) and Table 2 (Fouling Ratings (FR) In Order of Increasing Severity) to assist in proper documentation of the coating system degradation and fouling rate, respectively. TABLE 1 - PAINT DETERIORATION RATINGS (PDR) FORANTIFOULING/ANTICORROSION (AF/AC) PAINT SYSTEM PAINT DETERIORATION RATING (PDR) DESCRIPTION 10 AF paint intact, red in color or with mottled pattern of light green and red. 20 AF paint missing from edges, corners, seams welds, river or boll head to expose AC paint. 30 AF paint missing from slightly curved or flat areas to expose AC paint. 40 AF paint missing from intact blisters to expose AC paint. 50 AF blisters ruptured to expose intact AC paint. 60 AF/AC paint missing or peeling to expose steel substrate, no corrosion present. 70 AF/AC paint removed from edges, corners, seams, welds, river or bolt heads to expose steel substrate with corrosion present. 80 Ruptured AF/AC blisters on slightly curved or flat surfaces with corrosion stains present. 90 Area corrosion of steel substrate with no AF/AC paint cover due to peeling or abrasion damage. 100 Area corrosion showing visible surface evidence of pitting, scaling, and roughening or steel substrate. TABLE 2 - FOULING RATINGS (FR) IN ORDER OF INCREASING SEVERITY TYPE FOULING RATING (FR) DESCRIPTION Soft 0 A clean, foul-free surface; red and/or black AF paint or a bare metal surface. Soft 10 Light shades of red and green (incipient slime). Bare metal and painted surfaces are visible beneath the fouling. Soft 20 Slime as dark green patches with yellow or brown colored areas (advanced slime). Bare metal and painted surfaces may by obscured by the fouling. Soft 30 Grass as filaments up to 3 inches (76 mm) in length, projections up to 1/4 inch (6.4 mm) in height; or a flat network of filaments, green, yellow, or brown in color; or soft non calcareous fouling such as sea cucumbers, sea grapes, or sea squirts projecting up to 1/4 inch (6.4 mm) in height. The fouling cannot be easily wiped off by hand. Hard 40 Calcareous fouling in the form of tubeworms I less than ¼ inch in diameter or height. Hard 50 Calcareous fouling in the form of barnacles less than ¼ inch in diameter or height. Hard 60 Combination of tubeworms barnacles, less I than ¼ inch (6.4 mm) in diameter or height. Hard 70 Combination of tubeworms and barnacles, greater than ¼ inch in diameter or height. Hard 80 Tubeworms closely packed together and growing upright away from surface. Barnacles growing one on top of another, ¼ inch or less in height. Calcareous shells appear clean or white in color. Hard 90 Dense growth of tubeworms with barnacles, ¼ inch or greater in height; Calcareous shells brown in color (oysters and mussels); or with slime or grass overlay. Composite 100 All forms of fouling present, Soft and Hard, particularly soft sedentary animals without calcareous covering (tunicates) growing over various forms of hard growth 3.3.3 Sea chests and other hull penetrations. The Contractor must accomplish the following: • Inspect all sea chests and other hull penetrations for signs of any obstructions/marine growth in the openings that might prevent proper suction and discharge of water. • Inspect for bare metal areas (surrounding penetrations) and for bare metal pitting. • Inspect for general appearance, loose, damaged, or missing grates, loose or missing fasteners, condition of sea strainers and lockwire on bolt. 3.3.4 Propeller and shaft associated components. The Contractor must inspect the condition of the propeller shafts, struts, fairwaters, and rope guards. Note any loose or missing fairwater or rope guard fasteners. 3.3.4.1 Inspect propellers for corrosion, pitting, erosion, fouling, cracks, dings, curls, and nicks by side and blade. 3.3.4.2 Inspect the condition of the struts, keel drain plugs, rudders, rudder stocks, and rudder bearings, including any damage, pitting on leading and trailing edges of the rudder, and the presence of drain plugs. 3.3.5 Transducers. The Contractor must inspect the general condition of the fathometer transducer. Record condition of rubber coating and amount of marine growth present. Note in the inspection report any cuts, gouges, or other surface defects found. 3.3.6 Cathodic protection system. The contractor must inspect the general condition and performance of the cathodic protection system. Record condition of zinc anodes in accordance with MPC B10018.D. Table 7 provided as an example and is located in MPC B10018.D.

3.4 Inspection documentation. The Contractor must document the hull survey as follows: 3.4.1 Written report. The Contractor must record the U/W body coating system fouling rating on the attached “Pre-Clean Bio-fouling Inspection Data” Form. 3.4.1.1 Note all inspection findings and observations, as applicable, on attached observations on the following attached inspection data forms, as applicable, on the attached: “Diver Hull Inspection Data” Form. 3.4.1.2 In addition to completing the” Diver Hull Inspection Data” Form, do the following, as applicable: •Document condition of running gear on attached “Running Gear Inspection Data” Form foreach shaft. •Document propeller condition on attached “Propeller Inspection Data” Form for each propeller. •Document condition of rudders on attached “Port and Starboard Rudder Data Inspection” Form. •Document condition of all U/W zincs in accordance with MPC B10018.D. See example Table 7, Zinc Wastage. 3.4.2 Audio-video report. In addition to the written documentation specified above, The Contractor must produce an audio-video report, with narration, of all inspected surfaces. Place linear measuring devices, as applicable, in the field of view when videotaping hull damages, to provide scale for these damages. 3.4.3 Documentation submission. Within 24 hours after the completion of the diver inspection, The Contractor must do the following: 3.4.3.1 Submit a CFR indicating the amount of recommended U/W body surface cleaning, if any. 3.4.3.2 Submit both the written and audio-video reports to the COR. Submit the audio-video report on two digital video discs (DVD) formatted to USCG requirements. 3.4.3.2.1 Ensure that all video equipment has the following characteristics/functions: •Remote video/sound recorder. •Suitability for underwater use. •Auto-focus and auto-exposure. •Color pictures. •Two-way communication devices, to allow for communication and recording of communications between the diver operating the video camera and the Person-in-Charge, COR, and Coast Guard Inspector. •Audio/visual cables long enough to transmit the video picture and two-way communications to the recorder and monitor. •Online video monitor large enough, to allow the Person-in-Charge, the COR, and the Coast Guard Inspector to observe the video picture. •Sufficient lighting to ensure a quality color video picture and depth of field. •A yardstick or other suitable linear measuring device with clear measurement marks which can be read from the monitor. 3.4.3.2. 2 Closely monitor the video and sound quality during the survey, to ensure that the pictures on the monitor and the communication sounds remain of high quality. When either video or audio quality deteriorates, ensure that the survey is temporarily halted, until all problems have been corrected. 3.5. Cleaning requirements. Using the drawings listed in Section 2 (References), the Contractor must employ suitable means to clean the designated U/W body surfaces free of all marine growth, debris, and all other surface contaminants. The Contractor must ensure the following: 3.5.1 Ensure that existing U/W body coating system or non-coated surfaces do not incur any damage during cleaning process.

3.6 Renew UW Zinc Anodes. The contractor must renew U/W zinc anodes in accordance with MPC B10018.D ensuring not to damage hull components during renewal process. There are 12 additional stern tube zincs not identified in the current B10018.D MPC. 3.6.1 Document correct zinc and grate installation with photos included on final diver report. 4. NOTES

4.1 Unit responsibilities. The ship's force will tag-out systems in accordance with COMDINST M9077.1 (series) and MPC B10015.D including the below: •All propulsion machinery and shafting, including auxiliary propulsion machinery such as the bow thruster, and all steering machinery whenever the diver is in the water. •All underwater body transducers, including the sonar equipment, for the duration of the underwater inspection operation. •All active cathodic protection equipment for the duration of the underwater inspection operation. •Each sea suction while the diver is inspecting the sea suction's sea chest strainer.

4.2 Mailing of Inspection record. Upon receipt, the EPO will retain the diver report and underwater video inspection locally and forward a copy to the Engineering Section of the Product Line Division to which the vessel is assigned.

4.3 MPC Completion. Cutter EPO is responsible for ensuring MPC’s B10015.D and B10018.D are properly completed and submitted. All contractor personnel requiring access to the place of performance in order to perform work under this contract must possess a valid-state issued REAL ID-compliant driver’s license or identification card, or an acceptable alternative form of identification as defined by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) [https://www.dhs.gov/real-id]. It is the contractor’s responsibility to ensure that all personnel are properly credentialed to gain base access. Failure to comply with access requirements may result in delays to performance and will not constitute an excusable delay. Interested Vendors shall provide product/service details, Product Data Sheet, and cost breakdown IAW SOW for technical review. Vendors shall provide a detailed cost breakdown to include all the specifications to be reviewed by a technical rep. NOTE: The USCG/Government reserves the right to Award on an All or None Basis, i.e., the Government may issue a Purchase Order (PO) to the offeror that submits the lowest aggregate price, rather than issue a PO to each offeror based on the lowest quotation on each item. As stated below, the provision at FAR 52.212-2- Evaluation-Commercial Items-applies with the following addenda: Award of a contract will be based on the following criteria: The purchase order will be awarded as a firm-fixed price contract using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR Part 13.5. 1. Please provide any warranty information. 2. Vendors MUST be registered in www.sam.gov The USCG/Government intends to award a purchase order resulting from this synopsis/solicitation to the responsible contractor whose quote conforms to the solicitation and is most advantageous and the best value to the Government, price and other factors considered. Please Note: Interested Offerors having the expertise as required are invited to submit a Firm Fixed Price quotation in conjunction with attached statement of work that will be considered by the agency. Quotations must be submitted on company letterhead stationery and must include the following information: (1) Cost Breakdown (2) Unit Cost (3) Extended Price (4) Total Price (5) Payment Terms (6) Discount offered for prompt payment (7) Company Unique Entity ID (UEI) and Cage Code.. Quotes must be received no later than 27 March 2026 at 09 A.M. Eastern Standard Time. Email quotes are acceptable and shall be sent to the Contracting Officer, JOSHUA MILLER and Tim Ford at email address TIMOTHY.S.FORD@USCG.MIL and JOSHUA.N.MILLER@uscg.mil. Any questions or concerns regarding any aspect of the RFQ must be forwarded to the Contracting Officer, JOSHUA MILLER and Tim Ford at email address JOSHUA.N.MILLER@uscg.mil and TIMOTHY.S.FORD@USCG.MIL. The following FAR Clauses and Provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 - Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Items (Sep 2023) FAR 52.212-2 - Evaluation - Commercial Items (Nov 2021) Award will be made to the Offeror proposing the Best Value to the Government considering specification, price, past performance and quality. FAR 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (May 2024) to include Alt I (Nov 2021). Offeror shall complete annual representations and certification electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website accessed through https://www.sam.gov. FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions -Commercial Items (Nov 2023) with the following addenda. FAR 52.212-5 - Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items (Jan 2025) FAR 52.252-2 - Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), the full text of the clause may be accessed electronically at https://acquisition.gov. FAR 52.204-7 – System for Award Management (Nov 2024). Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. To facilitate payment via Electronic Funds Transfer - SAM, contractors shall be registered in SAM. A UEI number can be obtained via https://www.dnb.com and SAM registration can be obtained via https://www.sam.gov. The following clauses, and others as directed by the Contracting Officer as applicable, shall apply to this awarded contract: FAR 52.222-3 - Convict Labor (Jun 2003) FAR 52.222-19 - Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan2025) (E.O.13126). FAR 52.222-35 - Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-36 - Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). FAR 52.222-37 - Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-50 - Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). FAR 52.225-1 - Buy American Supplies (Oct 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). (51) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury).FAR 52.232-33 - Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - Systems for Award Management (Oct 2018) FAR 52.233-3 - Protest After Award (Aug 1996) FAR 52.233-4 - Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) NOTE: In addition to the listed clauses, please review the attached FAR Clause Matrix for all clauses applicable to this requirement. *The above/following clauses are incorporated by reference, entire clause(s) available at https://acquisition.gov. NOTICE TO OFFERORS CONCERNING REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS: This solicitation contains FAR Clause 52.204-7, System for Award Management and FAR Provision 52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications. In accordance with FAR 4.1201 (a), prospective contractors shall complete electronic annual representations and certifications via SAM accessed through https://www.sam.gov. Please ensure completion prior to submitting a quote. Paragraph (b) of FAR 52.204-8 applies. System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Additional examples include 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions—Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Timothy ford
  - Email: timothy.s.ford@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: joshua miller
  - Email: JOSHUA.N.MILLER@USCG.MIL
  - Phone: 7576284801

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/523d41b68a08420bb61fb6cffae83249/view)