---
layout: default
title: 2026 APBI Save the Date
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 929b169b93014338b19a9d8a4bdc3f7f
---

# 2026 APBI Save the Date

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-17 11:37:29.306-04

## Summary

Update 6 - April 17 2026 - The Aberdeen Proving Ground (APG) Office of Small Business is accepting questions in preparation for the 2026 Advanced Planning Briefing to Industry (APBI). Please submit your questions for our team below: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=D9fm-kuVEUiStgUw1vhMQyconmSAG2JEpEBaYZDzOWZUN1BVVjlMMVg4MTZZVEpWT0paVTRPUEdJVi4u&route=shorturl UPDATE 5 - April 16 2026 - added broadcast links to the attemenents section UPDATE 4 - April 6 2026 The Aberdeen Proving Ground Area Associations are thrilled to invite you to our annual APBI Social on Wednesday, April 22, 2026, from 6 PM to 8 PM at Watchtower Brewing Company alongside Aberdeen Festive Park. Date: 22 April 2026 Location: Aberdeen Fesitve Park / Watchtower Brewing 60 N Parke St, Aberdeen, MD 21001 Food Trucks: Multiple trucks will be available Industry Social Time: 6 to 8 PM Attire: Casual / Business Casual Event Questions: For the social please reach out to Chris Carr (ccar@tenaxtech.com) or Payne Ford (pford@altus-engineering.com). No-host social https://www.eventbrite.com/e/2026-apg-apbi-social-tickets-1985465344292?aff=ebdssbdestsearch UPDATE 3 - April 6 2026 For those attending the virtual event the below links will allow you access to the Microsoft Teams version of the APBI at APG. Tuesday, 21 APR: Day 1, AM – https://dod.teams.microsoft.us/l/meetup-join/19%3adod%3ameeting_8048cad5d36049b4971c0d6a9ecc2072%40thread.v2/0?context=%7B%22Tid%22%3A%22fae6d70f-954b-4811-92b6-0530d6f84c43%22%2C%22Oid%22%3A%225367987d-e4d5-4dc5-b5b6-6b7ef39f5fbc%22%2C%22IsBroadcastMeeting%22%3Atrue%2C%22role%22%3A%22a%22%7D&btype=a&role=a Day 1, PM – https://dod.teams.microsoft.us/l/meetup-join/19%3adod%3ameeting_9b01dd28c231452c9442adb1ccd495ce%40thread.v2/0?context=%7B%22Tid%22%3A%22fae6d70f-954b-4811-92b6-0530d6f84c43%22%2C%22Oid%22%3A%225367987d-e4d5-4dc5-b5b6-6b7ef39f5fbc%22%2C%22IsBroadcastMeeting%22%3Atrue%2C%22role%22%3A%22a%22%7D&btype=a&role=a Wednesday, 23 APR: Day 2, AM – https://dod.teams.microsoft.us/l/meetup-join/19%3adod%3ameeting_b14f9d99af5946568a06a50ac836b21d%40thread.v2/0?context=%7B%22Tid%22%3A%22fae6d70f-954b-4811-92b6-0530d6f84c43%22%2C%22Oid%22%3A%225367987d-e4d5-4dc5-b5b6-6b7ef39f5fbc%22%2C%22IsBroadcastMeeting%22%3Atrue%2C%22role%22%3A%22a%22%7D&btype=a&role=a Day 2, PM – https://dod.teams.microsoft.us/l/meetup-join/19%3adod%3ameeting_f4a205a923be4e238f1330bdd9c7d0bb%40thread.v2/0?context=%7B%22Tid%22%3A%22fae6d70f-954b-4811-92b6-0530d6f84c43%22%2C%22Oid%22%3A%225367987d-e4d5-4dc5-b5b6-6b7ef39f5fbc%22%2C%22IsBroadcastMeeting%22%3Atrue%2C%22role%22%3A%22a%22%7D&btype=a&role=a UPDATE 2 - April 6 2026 In-person ticket requests can be done through Eventbrite at the links below. Tuesday, 21 APR Day 1: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/copy-of-team-apg-advance-planning-briefing-to-industry-apbi-2026-day-1-tickets-1984561064567?aff=oddtdtcreator Wednesday, 22 APR Day 2: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/team-apg-advance-planning-briefing-to-industry-apbi-2026-day-2-tickets-1977308881091?aff=oddtdtcreator Virtual attendance does not require registration. UPDATE 1- MARCH 4 2026 - SURVEY: We're dedicated to creating valuable connections within the industry community and are always striving to improve. Your feedback is essential in shaping these efforts for this year’s APBI. To help us provide the most impactful engagement opportunities, we kindly ask for your feedback. Please take a moment to rank your preferred contract opportunities for deeper discussions and potential one-on-one interactions during the 2026 APG APBI using the survey links in the attached PDF. The surveys will close COB 20 March 2025. Thank you for your time and input! SYNOPSIS: Team Aberdeen Proving Ground (APG) will host the APG Advance Planning Briefing to Industry (APBI) from 21–22 April 2026, at APG, MD. Please note that details, including specific organizational briefing schedules, remain subject to change. The APG APBI is a critical tool for industry stakeholders, offering a glimpse into the organization's future contracting landscape and providing a foundation for strategic planning and partnership. By aligning potential contracting opportunities with the organization's key mission areas and strategic initiatives, the APG APBI supports the development of innovative solutions that address emerging challenges and drive long-term success. Looking ahead to Fiscal Years 2028-2029, the APG APBI will identify and showcase potential contracting opportunities that are closely tied to the organization's roadmap, enabling industry stakeholders to prepare and respond to emerging needs. By fostering collaboration and cooperation between industry and government, the APG APBI will play a vital role in shaping the organization's future and driving progress towards its goals and objectives. The APBI contract slides are anticipated to be posted electronically here in February 2026. The Government will not hear formal bids from industry, as the purpose of the APBI is for the Government to brief upcoming opportunities to industry to help it better understand Army capability requirements and shape its internal development efforts. In addition to the traditional contract opportunity briefings, strategic initiatives and small business highlights, this year’s APBI may include a selection of special interest sessions over at Mallette Training Facility (MTF). Details about these sessions will be provided at a later date. APBI 2026 will be held as a hybrid event with both in person and virtual attendance. Virtual attendees will be able to sign on and watch presentations live via MS Teams. We will release more information about logging on to the event, including links, by updating this Save the Date message a few days prior to APBI beginning. For those attending this event in person, Team APG will welcome you back to Myer Auditorium (Building 6000). Portions of this event will be held in Myer Auditorium. There will not be any food or beverage service on site during APBI. Attendees are encouraged to visit some of the local vendors located on APG. We will also schedule a minimum of 60 minutes for lunch, to allow attendees to go off post and return before the afternoon briefings begin. Links to the MS Teams meeting(s) will be posted here a few days before APBI begins, so check back regularly for those, updated read-aheads, general APBI updates. LOCATION: APG, MD REGISTRATION: The APG APBI will be unclassified and open to all interested contractors, large and small businesses, academia, as well as other Government stakeholders. Those attending in person will be required to complete a no-fee registration. The link to this registration site will be posted here in early April. No advance registration is required for virtual attendees of this event. Other questions about APG APBI should be directed to Team APG at usarmy.apg.cecom.mbx.apbi-registration@army.mil. Contracting Office Address: APG Building 4401 6472 Integrity Court, Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD 21005-3013 United States Primary Point of Contact: APG APBI Team usarmy.apg.cecom.mbx.apbi-registration@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/929b169b93014338b19a9d8a4bdc3f7f/view)