---
layout: default
title: COMPREHENSIVE EVERGLADES RESTORATION PLAN (CERP) INDIAN RIVER LAGOON SOUTH (IRL-S) C-44 RESERVOIR AND STORMWATER TREATMENT AREA (C-44 RSTA) SEEPAGE MANAGEMENT FEATURE - RELIEF WELLS CONTRACT A, MARTIN COUNTY, FLORIDA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 733f5d190b8e472f96dac40ebed3e3d4
---

# COMPREHENSIVE EVERGLADES RESTORATION PLAN (CERP) INDIAN RIVER LAGOON SOUTH (IRL-S) C-44 RESERVOIR AND STORMWATER TREATMENT AREA (C-44 RSTA) SEEPAGE MANAGEMENT FEATURE - RELIEF WELLS CONTRACT A, MARTIN COUNTY, FLORIDA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-02 10:48:36.559-04
- Solicitation Number: W912EP26Z1BBR

## Summary

THIS IS AN ANNOUNCEMENT FOR AN UPCOMING VIRTUAL INDUSTRY DAY ONLY. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers-Jacksonville District (Corps) will hold a virtual Industry Day for the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan (CERP) Indian River Lagoon South (IRL-S) C-44 Reservoir and Stormwater Treatment Area (C-44 RSTA) Seepage Management Feature - Relief Wells Contract A, Martin County, Florida on Wednesday, 1 April 2026. The Industry Day will consist of Opening Remarks, Technical Presentation, Procurement Strategy, and Small Business Opportunities. All interested Offerors are required to access SAM.gov for future updates. This announcement seeks information from industry and will only be used for preliminary planning purposes. NOTE: All interested parties to include prospective prime contractors, subcontractors and suppliers are invited to attend. This is not a solicitation for proposals and no contract shall be awarded from this notice. However, DRAFT SPECIFICATIONS have been provided for reference as attachments under this notice. Project Description: The work is located on approximately 12,000 acres of land in Martin County, Florida directly north of Citrus Boulevard and the C-44 Canal (also known as the St. Lucie Canal), halfway between Lake Okeechobee and the Atlantic Ocean. For purposes of this construction contract, the anticipated location of site activities will occur throughout the current C-44 Reservoir site adjacent to the perimeter canal. The work consists of constructing groundwater pressure relief wells adjacent to the C-44 reservoir site. The wells will be constructed by typical means of water well construction and typical of USACE relief well construction, as prescribed in EM 1110-2-1914 Design, Construction and Maintenance of Relief Wells. The site where the relief wells will be constructed is relatively flat and grass covered with nearby access from existing gravel surfaced roads. There is an existing canal approximately 35 feet from the well locations and the groundwater level varies with reservoir stage and is generally higher than the canal water level. The canal water level varies (normally approximately EL 18.5 ft) and can increase up to 2 ft above normal stage during project operations. The reservoir pool varies and can be expected to be between EL 29.0 ft and EL 36 ft (3 ft to 10 ft pool) during the period of performance. The work generally consists of: • Construction of approximately 126 pre-designed relief wells at the prescribed locations. • Documenting the construction, development, and pump testing of all wells. • Well construction will require managing borehole wall stability for a variety of subsurface conditions that may consist of surficial clay and silty sands, very loose uniform fine sands, dense sands having varying degrees of cementation, limestone/sandstone, and sand to cobble size shells. Groundwater conditions are likely to be slightly artesian at the well locations. • Construction of surface protection, access, and discharge features for each relief well into the adjacent canal. SPECIFIC PROJECT CHALLENGES: The work includes construction of 126 relief wells approximately 60 ft deep. The relief well will have a 10-inch diameter stainless steel riser and high flow screen, constructed in an 18 to 24-inch diameter borehole. The anulus between the borehole and riser will be backfilled with a uniform and non-calcareous filter media commonly used in the water well industry and selected for compatibility with the encountered subsurface materials. Above the screen and filter media, the borehole will be sealed with bentonite and grout. All backfill materials will be placed by tremie method. The work also includes the construction of surface protection, access, and discharge features for each relief well. The surface and protection feature will be approximately 4 ft in diameter and will consist of a standard Florida Department of Transportation Manhole or similar structure. The discharge features will consist of a 12-inch pipe connected to the surface protection and access feature that will terminate at the canal water level within a concrete headwall. Wells must be tested and accepted no more than 5 days after construction. Each outfall construction must be completed no more than 14 days after excavation begins. Outfall construction must be completed no more than 60 days after well is completed. The anticipated period of performance for this project is 1060 calendar days from receipt of Notice to Proceed (NTP), and commencement of work would begin within 60 calendar days of receipt of the NTP. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this procurement is 237990, Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction. The Small Business Size Standard for this project is $45.0 million. EVENT DETAILS: Presentation A presentation will be provided from 9:00 am – 10:00 am, EDT. The presentation will provide detailed information for the upcoming project of the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan (CERP) Indian River Lagoon South (IRL-S) C-44 Reservoir And Stormwater Treatment Area (C-44 RSTA) Seepage Management Feature - Relief Wells Contract A, Martin County, Florida.The focus will be on scope of work, design information, construction considerations, acquisition timeline, and contracting requirements. Breakout Sessions The last portion of the Industry Day will be reserved for a series of 30-minute Breakout Sessions where Contractors will be able to meet one on one with the Government. Breakout Sessions will be limited to 30-minute slots available between 10:30AM and 2:00PM. Reservations are required, and slots will be available on First Come, First Served basis. All time slots are only available for those submitting as Prime Contractors. The potential offerors for the will have an opportunity to meet with representatives from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Jacksonville District. Please view registration information and details below: Date/Time: Wednesday, 1 April 2026 at 9:00AM Presentation: 9:00-10:00AM, EDT Location: Virtual (via Microsoft Teams) https://dod.teams.microsoft.us/meet/993404376565?p=dbdKybOTaxwMMf26vK Meeting ID: 993 404 376 565 Passcode: QW9ox6Rt Dial in by phone +1 601-262-2433,197952252# United States, Vicksburg Find a local number Phone conference ID: 197 952 252# Event Registration Details and Instructions to Participants: In order to prepare a list of attendees of individuals participating in this Industry Day, interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed project are invited to submit a capabilities statement on this Special Notice via email to Ligaya Lowe at ligaya.m.lowe@usace.army.mil and Martha Sequeira at martha.g.sequeira@usace.army.mil no later than (NLT) March 30 at 5:00 pm, EDT. Your email’s subject line should be addressed as "Industry Day Registration (Your Company Name) - W912EP26Z1BBR IRLS C-44" to ensure the request is handled in a timely manner. All interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed project are also invited to request a breakout session with the Government on a first come, first serve basis following the Virtual Industry Day presentation with the following breakout session timeslots as follows: 1030-1100 (1st Breakout Session) 1130-1200 (2nd Breakout Session) 1200-1300 (Lunch Break) 1300-1330 (3rd Breakout Session) 1330-1400 (4th Breakout Session) Interested parties are highly encouraged to submit any questions via ProjNet. Firm’s response to this Special Notice shall be limited to 10 pages and shall include the following information: 1. Firm’s name, address, point of contact, phone number, website, and email address. 2. Firm’s interest in submitting a proposal on the solicitation when advertised. 3. Firm’s capability to perform a contract of this magnitude and complexity (include firm’s capability to execute comparable work performed within the past 10 years from the date of this Special Notice. Firm should provide at least two examples which, at a minimum, include the following: • Brief description of the project • Customer name • Timeliness of performance • Customer satisfaction • Dollar value of the project 4. Specify type of business, Small Business Category (if any), UEI Information and if you would like to participate as a Prime or Sub-Contractor. 5. Specify if your company would like to participate in the Breakout Sessions (Note: a response will be provided to you with the reserved time slot) 6. Bonding Capacity (construction bonding level per contract and aggregate construction bonding level, both expressed in dollars) via letter from the bonding company. 7. Responses to the following technical questions: 1. Innovation and Value Engineering: Provide recommendations for any changes to the work or specifications that could enhance economy or accelerate the construction schedule. Describe any innovative construction techniques, materials, or project management approaches the government should consider. 2. Relevant Corporate Experience: Describe projects where you have constructed wells 8-to-12-inch diameter. Specifically detail any such projects completed in central or south Florida. 3. Drilling Methodology and Experience: Describe your firm's experience with reverse circulation (reverse rotary) drilling methods. Propose alternative drilling methods that may be applicable to this project's subsurface conditions and provide your rationale. 4. Schedule and Risk Mitigation: Do you believe that the construction duration is a concern given the number of wells and outfalls in the project. If you foresee schedule-related risks, describe them in detail and propose specific mitigation strategies (e.g., crew allocation, sequential vs. parallel operations, pre-fabrication). 5. Approach to Well Construction: Explain your proposed approach for managing well construction and development/testing. State whether you anticipate using two or more separate drill rigs/crews and describe the number and roles of each crew. 6. Approach to Outfall System Construction: Explain your proposed approach for constructing the outfall systems (manhole, pipe, and headwall). State whether you anticipate using two or more separate crews and describe their coordination. 7. Cofferdam and Dewatering Challenges: Discuss anticipated challenges with cofferdam selection and dewatering for outfall construction, considering: Seasonal weather conditions in Florida. Variable reservoir and seepage canal levels throughout the period of performance. 8. Filter Material Installation: Design details for some wells include one change in filter pack material and screen, and others may require two changes in filter pack material and screen. Please confirm if you consider this variation impactful to installation quality or production rates and explain why or why not. 9. Anticipated Project-Specific Problems: Based on the information provided, identify potential problems or risks not covered in other questions (e.g., environmental, logistical, subsurface) and suggest preventative measures. 10. Material Procurement and Lead Times: Estimate the lead time required for ordering and receiving critical materials, including well screens, risers, and specified filter material, based on current market conditions. 11. Geotechnical Challenges: Do you have concerns regarding borehole stability or the management of potential artesian conditions during drilling? Describe your proposed methods for addressing these issues. 12. Water Source for Drilling Operations: The use of water from the adjacent seepage canal for drilling, installation, or development of wells is prohibited. The Government anticipates that installed wells will serve as a water source for subsequent well installations. Please confirm if this approach poses any logistical or operational problems for subsequent well installations. 13. Filter Material Procurement: Identify your proposed sources for procuring filter pack material compatible with No. 20, No. 40, No. 50, and No. 80 slot screens. 14. Material Logistics: Describe your proposed methods for the delivery, storage, and handling of filter pack material to prevent contamination and segregation. All responses to this Sources Sought will be evaluated and used in determining the acquisition strategy. PLA-Related Questions: Executive Order 14063 requires Project Labor Agreements (PLAs) for federal construction projects exceeding $35 million. The Government is seeking additional information regarding the implementation of PLAs for this project. This survey is for planning purposes only and shall not be construed as an obligation on the part of the Government. The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this market research survey or otherwise pay for the requested information. The Government will not provide a debriefing on the results of this survey. All information will be held in a confidential manner and will only be used for the purposes intended. This portion of the market research effort will help in the Government’s determination of whether a PLA exception applies. Please consider the following questions in this request: 1. As a qualified contractor for a project of this type, would you be interested in participating in this project? 2. Would the requirement for a PLA under this project impact your interest in any way? Please identify if you intend to propose on this project subject to a PLA requirement. 3. Will multiple construction Contractors and/or Subcontractors employing workers in multiple crafts or trades be required to complete the anticipated work? 4. Identify specific reasons why or how you believe a PLA would advance the Federal Government’s interest in achieving economy and efficiency in Federal procurement. 5. Identify specific reasons why you do not believe a PLA would advance the Federal Government’s interest in achieving economy and efficiency in Federal procurement. 6. Identify any additional information you believe should be considered on the non-use of a PLA on the referenced project. 7. Please identify if you intend to propose on this project subject to a PLA requirement. 8. Do you think requiring a PLA will increase contract costs or contribute to cost savings? Why or why not? How? 9. If you have previously been party to a PLA, approximately how long did it take to negotiate the terms of the PLA? Did PLA negotiation delay construction start? If so, by how long? 10. Any other information you think should be considered regarding the use of PLAs for the anticipated project. NOTES: DO NOT SUBMIT PROPRIETARY AND/OR BUSINESS CONFIDENITAL DATA. INSTRUCTIONS FOR SUBMITTING QUESTIONS PRIOR TO INDUSTRY DAY: The Government will address questions after the event. All questions must be submitted through ProjNet. All questions and official/approved answers will be posted on the Sam.gov website. Questions related to this Industry Day presentation can also be submitted via Bidder Inquiry in ProjNet at (https://www.projnet.org). To submit and review inquiry items, participants will need to use the Bidder Inquiry Key presented below and follow the instructions listed below the key for access. All timely questions and official/approved answers will be made available through ProjNet and will also be posted on the Sam.gov website in the form of a report generated from ProjNet. We appreciate your questions and feedback by 5:00 pm, EDT on 30 March 2026 The Bidder Inquiry Key is: R3V4PZ-5WFPW8 Specific Instructions for ProjNet Bid Inquiry Access from ProjNet home page: 1. Identify the Agency. This should be marked as USACE. 2. Email. Enter the email address you would like to use for communication. 3. Key. Enter the Bidder Inquiry Key listed above. 4. Click Continue. A page will then open saying that a user account was not found and will ask you to create one using the provided form. 5. Enter your First Name, Last Name, Company, City, State, Phone, Email, Secret Question, Secret Answer, and Time Zone. Make sure to remember your Secret Question and Answer as they will be used from this point on to access the ProjNet system. 6. Click Add User. Once this is completed you are now registered within ProjNet and are currently logged into the system. Specific Instructions for Future ProjNet Bid Inquiry Access from ProjNet home page: 1. For future access to ProjNet, you will not be emailed with any type of password. You will utilize your Secret Question and Secret Answer to log in. 2. Identify the Agency. This should be marked as USACE. 3. Email. Enter the email address you used to register previously in ProjNet. 4. Key. Enter the Bidder Inquiry Key listed above. 5. Click Continue. A page will then open asking you to enter the answer to your Secret Question. 6. Enter your Secret Answer and click Login. Once this is completed you are now logged into the system. POINT OF CONTACT (POC): Questions regarding this event can be directed to Ligaya Lowe at ligaya.m.lowe@usace.army.mil and Martha Sequeira at martha.g.sequeira@usace.army.mil . ATTACHMENTS: The presentation slides and list of attendees will be made available and posted to the subject special notice on SAM.gov after the conclusion of the event. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AT THIS TIME.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ligaya Lowe
  - Email: ligaya.m.lowe@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 9042322750
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Martha Sequeira
  - Email: martha.g.sequeira@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 9042322021

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/733f5d190b8e472f96dac40ebed3e3d4/view)