---
layout: default
title: Arlington National Cemetery (ANC) Landscape and Gardening
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ab685cbc3db5491db1248813de55e91b
---

# Arlington National Cemetery (ANC) Landscape and Gardening

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-26 10:23:17.012-04
- Solicitation Number: PANMCC26P0000042797

## Summary

THIS IS A Sources Sought Notice ONLY. The U.S. Government desires to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support the requirement for Arlington National Cemetery (ANC) Landscaping and Gardening Services Fiscal Year 2027 (FY27). This is a Sources Sought Notice and should not be construed as a solicitation announcement. The submission of this information is for planning purposes only. It is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to procure any services, nor is it the intent of the Mission and Installation Contracting Command (MICC) – Fort Belvoir, Virginia to award a contract based on this Request for Information (RFI) or otherwise pay for the information sought. The Government is seeking responses to this Sources Sought Notice from all interested businesses capable of providing the requirement. This sources sought is seeking responses from Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB), Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone), and 8(A). All listed Small Businesses are highly encouraged to identify capabilities in meeting the requirements. MICC – Fort Belvoir is seeking preliminary market research information from capable and reliable sources to gain knowledge of potential qualified small business sources capable of providing all labor, materials, equipment and supervision necessary to perform landscape installation, maintenance, gardening, and interior plant care services at ANC and U.S. Soldier’s Airmen Home National Cemetery (USSAHNC) in accordance with the attached Performance Work Statement (PWS). The objective of the required service is to maintain the landscapes, tree basins, manage invasive species, and maintain interior plants at both ANC and USSAHNC. The contractor shall provide all management, supervision, personnel, supplies, material, and equipment to perform planting, maintaining shrubs, perennials, groundcovers, ornamental grasses, roses, bulbs, spring fall flowering annuals, edging, weeding mulching of landscape beds and tree basins. Creating new landscape beds, applying liquid and granular pesticides fertilizers, hand watering, plant material, maintaining interior plants, managing invasive species, creating rock swales; providing seasonal plants for the Memorial Day, Veteran’s Day as well as Administration and Welcome Center Holiday plants for the month of December. This service also includes environmental impact awareness and compliance. The Government shall not exercise any supervision or control over the contract service providers performing the services herein. Such contract service providers shall be accountable solely to the Contractor who, in turn is responsible to the Government. This notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes – it does not constitute a Request for Quote (RFQ)/Invitation for Bid (IFB)/Request for Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFQ, IFB or RFP in the future. This notice does not commit the U.S. Government to contract for any supply or service. Further, the U.S. Government is not seeking quotes, bids or proposals at this time and will not accept unsolicited proposals in response to this sources sought notice. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this notice. Submittals will not be returned to the responder. Not responding to this notice does not preclude participation in any future RFQ or IFB or RFP, if any is issued. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the System Award Management (SAM) https://www.sam.gov or sam.gov. It is the responsibility of potential offerors to monitor the System Award Management (SAM) https://www.sam.gov or sam.gov for additional information pertaining to this requirement. The anticipated NAICS code(s) is: 561730, “Landscaping Services,” with a size standard of $9.5M. Attached are the draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) and Performance Requirements Summary (PRS). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice shall be e-mailed to the Contract Specialists, Amber Peeples, at amber.k.peeples.civ@army.mil with a courtesy copy (cc) to, Contracting Officer David Gecewicz, at david.l.gecewicz.civ@army.mil, no later than 16 April 2026 at 12:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time. In response to this source sought, please provide: 1) Name of the firm, point of contact, phone number, email address, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number, CAGE code, a statement confirming small business WOSB, SDVOSB, HUBZone, 8(A) status and the corresponding NAICS code. 2) Identify whether your firm is interested in competing for this requirement as a prime contractor or not. Identify subcontracting, joint ventures or teaming arrangement that will be pursued, if any. 3) Information in sufficient detail regarding previous experience (indicate whether as a prime contractor or subcontractor) on similar requirements (include size, scope, complexity, timeframe, government or commercial), pertinent certifications, etc., that will facilitate making a capability determination. a. Offerors must meet requirements outlined in FAR 52.219-14 Limitation of Subcontracting. Specifically, “(1) Services it will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor's 50 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. When a contract includes both services and supplies, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the service portion of the contract.” 4) Information to help determine if the requirement is commercially available, including pricing information, basis for the pricing information (e.g., market pricing, catalog pricing), delivery schedules, customary terms and conditions, warranties, etc. 5) Identify how the Army can best structure these contract requirements to facilitate competition, including competition among small business concerns. 6) Identify any condition or action that may be having the effect of unnecessarily restricting competition with respect to this acquisition. Please contact the MICC Advocate for Competition, Scott Kukes, at scott.d.kukes.civ@army.mil or 520-944-7373, if you believe that this action is unreasonably restricting competition. Include the subject of the acquisition, this announcement, and the MICC POC information from the notice. Provide the specific aspects that unreasonably restrict competition and the rationale for such conclusion. 7) Recommendations to improve the approach/specifications/draft PWS/PRS to acquiring the identified items/services. The capability packages for this sources sought are not a proposal, but rather statements regarding the company’s existing experience in relation to the areas specified above. No solicitation mailing list will be compiled. No phone calls will be accepted. Capability packages shall not exceed five (5) pages.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Amber Peeples
  - Email: amber.k.peeples.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5206715013
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: David L. Gecewicz
  - Email: david.l.gecewicz2.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 7039692757

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ab685cbc3db5491db1248813de55e91b/view)