---
layout: default
title: X1GZ--FCC Med Cache
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: da7c8a95975a4e6fb55f16caa3fe515f
---

# X1GZ--FCC Med Cache

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 13:52:56.52-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0343
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Request for Quote (RFQ) #: 36C25926Q0343 VA Federal Coordination Center (FCC) Medical Cache Maintenance, Storage, Setup and Transportation for Eastern Colorado Healthcare System (ECHCS) for a base year plus 4 additional option years. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation. * The deadline for all questions is 12:00pm MT, Mar 30, 2026. All questions must be submitted in writing no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. ** Quotes are to be provided to thaddeus.gray@va.gov no later than 12:00pm MT, Apr 03, 2026. Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make the award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C25926Q0343. The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01 effective March 13, 2026. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 624230 Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment Repair and Maintenance with a business size standard of $41.5 Million. This solicitation is 100% set-aside for service-disabled veteran owned small businesses (SDVOSB). List of Line Items; Line Items Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price ($) Total Price ($) 0001 Storage of Government Property Medical Cache - BASE YEAR POP:7/26/2026-7/25/2027. 12 MO 0002 FCC Functional Exercise and Training Support Staffing x 4-6 - BASE YEAR POP:7/26/2026-7/25/2027. 6 EA 0003 Mobilization of Medical Cache (Semi & Mileage)- BASE YEAR POP:7/26/2026-7/25/2027. 1 EA 1001 Storage of Government Property Medical Cache - OPTION YEAR 1:7/26/2027-7/25/2028. 12 MO 1002 FCC Functional Exercise and Training Support Staffing x 4-6 - OPTION YEAR 1:7/26/2027-7/25/2028. 6 EA 1003 Mobilization of Medical Cache (Semi & Mileage)- OPTION YEAR 1:7/26/2027-7/25/2028. 1 EA 2001 Storage of Government Property Medical Cache - OPTION YEAR 2:7/26/2028-7/25/2029. 12 MO 2002 FCC Functional Exercise and Training Support Staffing x 4-6 - OPTION YEAR 2:7/26/2028-7/25/2029. 6 EA 2003 Mobilization of Medical Cache (Semi & Mileage)- OPTION YEAR 2:7/26/2028-7/25/2029. 1 EA 3001 Storage of Government Property Medical Cache - OPTION YEAR 3 POP:7/26/2029-7/25/2030. 12 MO 3002 FCC Functional Exercise and Training Support Staffing x 4-6 - OPTION YEAR 3 POP:7/26/2029-7/25/2030. 6 EA 3003 Mobilization of Medical Cache (Semi & Mileage)- OPTION YEAR 4: 7/26/2029-7/25/2030. 1 EA 4001 Storage of Government Property Medical Cache - OPTION YEAR 4 POP:7/26/2030-7/25/2031. 12 MO 4002 FCC Functional Exercise and Training Support Staffing x 4-6 - OPTION YEAR 4 POP:7/26/2030-7/25/2031. 6 EA 4003 Mobilization of Medical Cache (Semi & Mileage)- OPTION YEAR 4 POP:7/26/2030-7/25/2031. 1 EA Grand Total ($) Description of Requirements for the items/Services to be acquired: The requirement is for VA Federal Coordination Center (FCC) Medical Cache Maintenance, Storage, Setup and Transportation, please reference attached Performance Work Statement (PWS). Delivery and acceptance are to be F.O.B Destination (RFO 52.247-34) at the VA Eastern Colorado Health Care System (ECHCS), located at: Eastern Colorado VA Healthcare System Rocky Mountain Regional VAMC 1700 N. Wheeling St. Aurora CO 80045 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. If the acquisition is set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs, their socioeconomic status must be verified and visible in the SBA Small Business Certification (SBS): https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ at the time of quote submission AND award, or will be considered non-responsive, and will NOT be considered for award. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement; (II) Price; (III) Past Performance; and (IV) Completion of VAAR 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting - Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction. Volume I - Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets the requirements of the Performance Work Statement (PWS) and solicitation. Offeror shall include bond coverage, insurance certification, and company s authorized personnel list, as needed. Volume II Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (v) above: Price/Cost Schedule. The offeror shall price the base and all option year line items. Volume III Past Performance Offerors shall provide up to three (3) recent and relevant past efforts (as defined below) to demonstrate how well it performed the contract. If a completed Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) evaluation is available, it shall be submitted. If not providing CPARS evaluation past performance references must include contract numbers, amount of contract award, point of contact with email address, telephone numbers and other relevant information, and a description of product/work performed under the contract. To be relevant, the effort must be similar in nature of work, size, magnitude, complexity, and scope of this procurement. To be recent past performance is defined as not more than five years from the RFQ release date of this solicitation. Volume IV VAAR 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting - Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction. The offeror shall complete the provision VAAR 852-219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting - Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction. Offeror must list any/all subcontractors (and their size standard IAW NAICS 624230) if they will be utilized for this requirement AND what they will be performing. How is your firm going to comply with Limitations on Subcontracting requirements? If no subcontractors will be used, please state No Subcontractors will be used for this requirement in the response. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement Factor II. Price Factor III. Past Performance Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Factor II. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make a price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1 shall not be selected regardless of price. Factor III. Past Performance: The Government will evaluate on how well the offeror identified performance relates to the requirement procured under the PWS for this procurement to determine relevancy. How well the offeror performed on identified contracts shall be used to assess performance confidence. The Government may use other methods to evaluate past performance, including but not limited to review of Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS), Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS), Electronic Subcontract Reporting System (eSRS), or other databases; interviews with Program Managers, Contracting Officers, and Fee Determining Officials; and as appropriate, the Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Acquisition Information Repository, accessible through the Defense Technical Information Center website. In the case of an offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available, the offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. If offeror does not provide all volumes as outlined in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions, the offer may be considered nonresponsive. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s) (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government Statute X 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct Statute X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Statute X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Statute X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Other X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance Statute 52.204-91 Contractor identification Other X 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment Statute X 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Statute X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Statute 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns Statute X 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside Statute 52.219-6 with Alt I Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside, with Alternate I Statute X 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-9 Small Business Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-9 with Alt I Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-9 with Alt II Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate II Statute 52.219-9 with Alt III Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate III Statute 52.219-9 with Alt IV Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate IV Statute X 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting Statute 52.219-16 Liquidated Damages Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule Statute X 52.222-3 Convict Labor EO X 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies EO X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Statute 52.222-35 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Veterans, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Statute 52.222-36 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Statute X 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act EO X 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Statute X 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits Emergency Management Series GS-7 Statute X 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) Statute 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment Statute X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons Statute 52.222-50 with Alt I Combating Trafficking in Persons, with its Alternate I Statute 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Requirements Other 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services Requirements Other X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification EO X 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 EO 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items Statute 52.223-9 with Alt I Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items, with Alternate I Statute 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons Statute 52.223-12 Maintenance Statute 52.223-20 Aerosols Statute 52.223-21 Foams Statute X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services Statute 52.224-3 Privacy Training Statute 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies Statute 52.225-1 with Alt I Buy American-Supplies, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-3 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Statute 52.225-3 with Alt II Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate II Statute 52.225-3 with Alt III Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate III Statute 52.225-3 with Alt IV Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate IV Statute 52.225-5 Trade Agreements Statute 52.225-19 Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States Other 52.225-26 Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States Statute 52.226-4 Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside Statute 52.226-5 Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area Statute X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving EO 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Statute 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.232-30 Installment Payments of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management Statute 52.232-34 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Other than System for Award Management Statute 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party Statute X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Statute 52.232-90 Fast Payment Procedure Statute X 52.233-3 Protest After Award Statute X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Statute X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Statute 52.240-91 with Alt I Security Prohibitions and Exclusions, with Alternate I Statute 52.240-92 Security Requirements Other 52.240-92 with Alt II Security Requirements with Alternate II Other 52.240-93 Â Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems Â X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.247-64 Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels Statute 52.247-64 with Alt I Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate I Statute 52.247-64 with Alt II Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate II Statute Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days. 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (MAR 2000) (a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 45 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. (b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. (c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 5 years. 52.245-1 GOVERNMENT PROPERTY (SEP 2021) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause Cannibalize means to remove parts from Government property for use or for installation on other Government property. Contractor-acquired property means property acquired, fabricated, or otherwise provided by the Contractor for performing a contract, and to which the Government has title. Contractor inventory means (1) Any property acquired by and in the possession of a Contractor or subcontractor under a contract for which title is vested in the Government and which exceeds the amounts needed to complete full performance under the entire contract; (2) Any property that the Government is obligated or has the option to take over under any type of contract, e.g., as a result either of any changes in the specifications or plans thereunder or of the termination of the contract (or subcontract thereunder), before completion of the work, for the convenience or at the option of the Government; and (3) Government-furnished property that exceeds the amounts needed to complete full performance under the entire contract. Contractor's managerial personnel means the Contractor's directors, officers, managers, superintendents, or equivalent representatives who have supervision or direction of (1) All or substantially all of the Contractor's business; (2) All or substantially all of the Contractor's operation at any one plant or separate location; or (3) A separate and complete major industrial operation. Demilitarization means rendering a product unusable for, and not restorable to, the purpose for which it was designed or is customarily used. Discrepancies incident to shipment means any differences (e.g., count or condition) between the items documented to have been shipped and items actually received. Equipment means a tangible item that is functionally complete for its intended purpose, durable, nonexpendable, and needed for the performance of a contract. Equipment is not intended for sale, and does not ordinarily lose its identity or become a component part of another article when put into use. Equipment does not include material, real property, special test equipment or special tooling. Government-furnished property means property in the possession of, or directly acquired by, the Government and subsequently furnished to the Contractor for performance of a contract. Government-furnished property includes, but is not limited to, spares and property furnished for repair, maintenance, overhaul, or modification. Government-furnished property also includes contractor-acquired property if the contractor-acquired property is a deliverable under a cost contract when accepted by the Government for continued use under the contract. Government property means all property owned or leased by the Government. Government property includes both Government-furnished and Contractor-acquired property. Government property includes material, equipment, special tooling, special test equipment, and real property. Government property does not include intellectual property and software. Loss of Government property means unintended, unforeseen or accidental loss, damage or destruction to Government property that reduces the Government's expected economic benefits of the property. Loss of Government property does not include purposeful destructive testing, obsolescence, normal wear and tear or manufacturing defects. Loss of Government property includes, but is not limited to (1) Items that cannot be found after a reasonable search; (2) Theft; (3) Damage resulting in unexpected harm to property requiring repair to restore the item to usable condition; or (4) Destruction resulting from incidents that render the item useless for its intended purpose or beyond economical repair. Material means property that may be consumed or expended during the performance of a contract, component parts of a higher assembly, or items that lose their individual identity through incorporation into an end item. Material does not include equipment, special tooling, special test equipment or real property. Nonseverable means property that cannot be removed after construction or installation without substantial loss of value or damage to the installed property or to the premises where installed. Precious metals means silver, gold, platinum, palladium, iridium, osmium, rhodium, and ruthenium. Production scrap means unusable material resulting from production, engineering, operations and maintenance, repair, and research and development contract activities. Production scrap may have value when re-melted or reprocessed, e.g., textile and metal clippings, borings, and faulty castings and forgings. Property means all tangible property, both real and personal. Property Administrator means an authorized representative of the Contracting Officer appointed in accordance with agency procedures, responsible for administering the contract requirements and obligations relating to Government property in the possession of a Contractor. Property records means the records created and maintained by the contractor in support of its stewardship responsibilities for the management of Government property. Provide means to furnish, as in Government-furnished property, or to acquire, as in contractor-acquired property. Real property. See Federal Management Regulation 102-71.20 (41 CFR 102-71.20). Sensitive property means property potentially dangerous to the public safety or security if stolen, lost, or misplaced, or that shall be subject to exceptional physical security, protection, control, and accountability. Examples include weapons, ammunition, explosives, controlled substances, radioactive materials, hazardous materials or wastes, or precious metals. Unit acquisition cost means (1) For Government-furnished property, the dollar value assigned by the Government and identified in the contract; and (2) For contractor-acquired property, the cost derived from the Contractor's records that reflect consistently applied generally accepted accounting principles. (b) Property management. (1) The Contractor shall have a system of internal controls to manage (control, use, preserve, protect, repair, and maintain) Government property in its possession. The system shall be adequate to satisfy the requirements of this clause. In doing so, the Contractor shall initiate and maintain the processes, systems, procedures, records, and methodologies necessary for effective and efficient control of Government property. The Contractor shall disclose any significant changes to its property management system to the Property Administrator prior to implementation of the changes. The Contractor may employ customary commercial practices, voluntary consensus standards, or industry-leading practices and standards that provide effective and efficient Government property management that are necessary and appropriate for the performance of this contract (except where inconsistent with law or regulation). (2) The Contractor's responsibility extends from the initial acquisition and receipt of property, through stewardship, custody, and use until formally relieved of responsibility by authorized means, including delivery, consumption, expending, sale (as surplus property), or other disposition, or via a completed investigation, evaluation, and final determination for lost property. This requirement applies to all Government property under the Contractor's accountability, stewardship, possession or control, including its vendors or subcontractors (see paragraph (f)(1)(v) of this clause). (3) The Contractor shall include the requirements of this clause in all subcontracts under which Government property is acquired or furnished for subcontract performance. (4) The Contractor shall establish and maintain procedures necessary to assess its property management system effectiveness and shall perform periodic internal reviews, surveillances, self assessments, or audits. Significant findings or results of such reviews and audits pertaining to Government property shall be made available to the Property Administrator. (c) Use of Government property. (1) The Contractor shall use Government property, either furnished or acquired under this contract, only for performing this contract, unless otherwise provided for in this contract or approved by the Contracting Officer. (2) Modifications or alterations of Government property are prohibited, unless they are (i) Reasonable and necessary due to the scope of work under this contract or its terms and conditions; (ii) Required for normal maintenance; or (iii) Otherwise authorized by the Contracting Officer. (3) The Contractor shall not cannibalize Government property unless otherwise provided for in this contract or approved by the Contracting Officer. (d) Government-furnished property. (1) The Government shall deliver to the Contractor the Government-furnished property described in this contract. The Government shall furnish related data and information needed for the intended use of the property. The warranties of suitability of use and timely delivery of Government-furnished property do not apply to property acquired or fabricated by the Contractor as contractor-acquired property and subsequently transferred to another contract with this Contractor. (2) The delivery and/or performance dates specified in this contract are based upon the expectation that the Government-furnished property will be suitable for contract performance and will be delivered to the Contractor by the dates stated in the contract. (i) If the property is not delivered to the Contractor by the dates stated in the contract, the Contracting Officer shall, upon the Contractor's timely written request, consider an equitable adjustment to the contract. (ii) In the event property is received by the Contractor, or for Government-furnished property after receipt and installation, in a condition not suitable for its intended use, the Contracting Officer shall, upon the Contractor's timely written request, advise the Contractor on a course of action to remedy the problem. Such action may include repairing, replacing, modifying, returning, or otherwise disposing of the property at the Government's expense. Upon completion of the required action(s), the Contracting Officer shall consider an equitable adjustment to the contract (see also paragraph (f)(1)(ii)(A) of this clause). (iii) The Government may, at its option, furnish property in an "as-is" condition. The Contractor will be given the opportunity to inspect such property prior to the property being provided. In such cases, the Government makes no warranty with respect to the serviceability and/or suitability of the property for contract performance. Any repairs, replacement, and/or refurbishment shall be at the Contractor's expense. (3)(i) The Contracting Officer may by written notice, at any time (A) Increase or decrease the amount of Government-furnished property under this contract; (B) Substitute other Government-furnished property for the property previously furnished, to be furnished, or to be acquired by the Contractor for the Government under this contract; or (C) Withdraw authority to use property. (ii) Upon completion of any action(s) under paragraph (d)(3)(i) of this clause, and the Contractor's timely written request, the Contracting Officer shall consider an equitable adjustment to the contract. (e) Title to Government property. (1) All Government-furnished property and all property acquired by the Contractor, title to which vests in the Government under this paragraph (collectively referred to as "Government property"), is subject to the provisions of this clause. The Government shall retain title to all Government-furnished property. Title to Government property shall not be affected by its incorporation into or attachment to any property not owned by the Government, nor shall Government property become a fixture or lose its identity as personal property by being attached to any real property. (2) Title vests in the Government for all property acquired or fabricated by the Contractor in accordance with the financing provisions or other specific requirements for passage of title in the contract. Under fixed price type contracts, in the absence of financing provisions or other specific requirements for passage of title in the contract, the Contractor retains title to all property acquired by the Contractor for use on the contract, except f...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Thaddeus Gray
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: thaddeus.gray@va.gov
  - Phone: 303-712-5739

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: any property not owned by the Government, nor shall Government property become a fixture or lose its identity as personal property by being attached to any real property. (2) Title vests in the Government for all property acquired or fabricated by the Contractor in accordance with the financing provisions or other specific requirements for passage of title in the contract. Under fixed price type contracts, in the absence of financing provisions or other specific requirements for passage of title in the contract, the Contractor retains title to all property acquired by the Contractor for use on the contract, except f

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/da7c8a95975a4e6fb55f16caa3fe515f/view)