---
layout: default
title: Industrial Hygiene Testing and Survey
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 5acf6d8021844dfb8cc3648518458777
---

# Industrial Hygiene Testing and Survey

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 11:19:35.068-04
- Solicitation Number: HQ042326QE044

## Summary

INSTRUCTIONS TO VENDORS / EVALUATION FACTORS (Also provided as an attachment) Defense Finance and Accounting Services Industrial Hygiene - Air Quality Testing and Report Solicitation: HQ042326QE044 Defense Finance and Accounting Service (DFAS) Contract Services Directorate (CSD) is issuing a Request for Quotation (RFQ) for the purchase of supplies/services specified in the attached Performance Work Statement (PWS). Quotation evaluation will be conducted in accordance with FAR 12.203, with the intention to award a purchase order to one vendor. The solicitation number is HQ042326QE044 and is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01. This requirement is solicited as full and open competition. The associated NAICS is 541620 and the small business size standard is $19M. ISSUED BY: CONTRACTING OFFICER: Point of Contact: Miranda Amir Phone Number: (667) 894-6568 E-mail address: miranda.j.amir.civ@mail.mil Quotations shall be received by email to Miranda Amir at miranda.j.amir.civ@mail.mil and by 10:00 AM EST, May 12, 2026. There is a 15MB limit for all email submissions. Questions regarding this solicitation are due to Miranda Amir at miranda.j.amir.civ@mail.mil by 12:00 PM EST, May 05, 2026. Questions will be answered at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Mandatory Site Visit: Monday, April 27, 2026, at 10:30am EST. Please contact the Contracting Officer listed above, if you wish to submit a quote, no later than 12pm EST on April 22, 2026, and further guidance regarding access approval will be provided. DFAS reserves the right to accept a late quote if the late quote would not unduly delay the acquisition and the contracting officer makes the determination that it is in the best interests of the Government to accept the “late” quote. GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS: Quotations shall include the RFQ number, date of submittal, the vendor’s name, address, CAGE, POC name, phone number, and email. Quotes shall include the following attachments: The first attachment represents the quoter’s response to Technical Approach. The second attachment represents the quoter’s pricing. The third attachment represents the quoter’s response to the applicable clauses located on the SF1449. The fourth attachment represents the quoter’s Certificate of Independent Technical Review (CITR) Vendors may use the body of the email as a cover letter. All emails shall include the RFQ number in the subject line. Note: There is a 15MB limit for email submissions. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: Technical Approach: Quoters shall provide a detailed description of their technical approach for meeting the Performance Work Statement (PWS) requirements, as well as a Certificate of Independent Technical Review (CITR). Submissions must clearly demonstrate an understanding of and ability to fulfill all PWS requirements, including those identified in Section

2.0 Scope of Requirement. The Technical Approach must be submitted electronically in a readable format (e.g. Adobe PDF, Microsoft Word, PowerPoint or Excel). All documents must use 8 ½ x 11-inch pages, single-spaced, with one-inch margins on all sides, and a minimum 12-point font. The Technical Approach is limited to a maximum of five (5) pages. Pages exceeding this limit will not be reviewed or considered. CITR attachment is required but does not count toward the five-page limit. Price Quote: Quoters shall provide pricing for all CLINs listed in SF1449, by completing Attachment 2. Prices should be submitted as a firm fixed price showing unit and extended pricing for the base period and all option periods. The price shall include all labor, materials, equipment, and travel necessary to provide the supplies/services as required by the PWS. To permit a thorough and effective evaluation, all submissions shall be as concise, complete and clear as possible to permit the Government to make an evaluation without further discussions. The Government reserves the right to make a determination based solely on the information submitted and proceed without clarifications or discussions. EVALUATION: The basis for award selection is Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA). This acquisition is being solicited as unrestricted. To be technically acceptable the offeror shall not take any exceptions to the RFQ. To be considered for award, offeror must have an active SAM.gov registration. The Government will begin the evaluation process with a ranking based on the Total Evaluated Price from the lowest to highest price. Following the price ranking, only the lowest priced offeror(s) will be evaluated for technical acceptability. If acceptable, the evaluation will stop at that point and award will be made to the lowest priced technically acceptable offeror. If unacceptable, the Government will continue to review quotes in order of price until evaluating one that is technically acceptable and eligible for award. The Government reserves the right to conduct additional technical evaluations as deemed necessary. Technical Capability: Technical Capability will be evaluated on an Acceptable/Unacceptable basis as follows. Acceptable Quotation meets requirements (including certification and period of performance) and indicates an adequate approach and understanding of the requirements. Unacceptable Quotation does not meet requirements/certification solicited and/or does not indicate an adequate approach and understanding of the requirements. The Government intends to award a firm fixed-price purchase order to the responsible vendor whose quote: Meets the technical requirement Provides documentation of CITR Offers pricing determined to be fair and reasonable Can meet the delivery time required Price: Price reasonableness will be determined in accordance with IAW FAR 12.203. Quotes shall remain valid for a minimum of 60 days. The government has included 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services For evaluation purposes, the Government will consider the price for the six-month Option to Extend Services as equal to half the price of the last option period quoted. The total evaluated price will include the base period and all options including the Option to Extend Services. Evaluation of options will not obligate the government to exercise the options.Defense Finance and Accounting Services PROVISION/CLAUSE FILL-INS: The Offeror shall complete representations and certifications, if not already available in on SAM.gov; otherwise, the quoter shall submit the full text version with fill-ins completed at the time of quotation. Full text of provisions/clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquistion.gov. PROTESTS: Companies protesting this procurement may file a protest 1) with the contracting officer, 2) with the General Accounting Office, or 3) pursuant to Executive Order No. 12979, with the Agency for a decision by the Activity’s Chief of the Contracting Office. A protest filed with the agency per # 3) should clearly state that it is an "Agency Level Protest under Executive Order No. 12979." Absent a clear indication of the intent to file an agency level protest, a protest will be presumed to be a protest to the contracting officer. Upon request, the agency will consider an independent review at a level above the contracting officer for protests filed with the agency per #3).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Miranda Amir
  - Email: Miranda.J.Amir.civ@mail.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: the quoter’s response to Technical Approach. The second attachment represents the quoter’s pricing. The third attachment represents the quoter’s response to the applicable clauses located on the SF1449. The fourth attachment represents the quoter’s Certificate of Independent Technical Review (CITR) Vendors may use the body of the email as a cover letter. All emails shall include the RFQ number in the subject line. Note: There is a 15MB limit for email submissions. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: Technical Approach: Quoters shall provide a detailed description of their technical approach for meeting the Performance Work Statement (PWS) requirements, as well as a Certificate of Independent Technical Review (CITR). Submissions must clearly demonstrate an understanding of and ability to fulfill all PWS requirements, including those identified in Section
- Attachment 2: required but does not count toward the five-page limit. Price Quote: Quoters shall provide pricing for all CLINs listed in SF1449, by completing Attachment 2. Prices should be submitted as a firm fixed price showing unit and extended pricing for the base period and all option periods. The price shall include all labor, materials, equipment, and travel necessary to provide the supplies/services as required by the PWS. To permit a thorough and effective evaluation, all submissions shall be as concise, complete and clear as possible to permit the Government to make an evaluation without further discussions. The Government reserves the right to make a determination based solely on the information submitted and proceed without clarifications or discussions. EVALUATION: The basis for award selection is Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA). This acquisition is being solicited as unrestricted. To be technically acceptable the offeror shall not take any exceptions to the RFQ. To be considered for award, offeror must have an active SAM.gov registration. The Government will begin the evaluation process with a ranking based on the Total Evaluated Price from the lowest to highest price. Following the price ranking, only the lowest priced offeror(s) will be evaluated for technical acceptability. If acceptable, the evaluation will stop at that point and award will be made to the lowest priced technically acceptable offeror. If unacceptable, the Government will continue to review quotes in order of price until evaluating one that is technically acceptable and eligible for award. The Government reserves the right to conduct additional technical evaluations as deemed necessary. Technical Capability: Technical Capability will be evaluated on an Acceptable/Unacceptable basis as follows. Acceptable Quotation meets requirements (including certification and period of performance) and indicates an adequate approach and understanding of the requirements. Unacceptable Quotation does not meet requirements/certification solicited and/or does not indicate an adequate approach and understanding of the requirements. The Government intends to award a firm fixed-price purchase order to the responsible vendor whose quote: Meets the technical requirement Provides documentation of CITR Offers pricing determined to be fair and reasonable Can meet the delivery time required Price: Price reasonableness will be determined in accordance with IAW FAR 12.203. Quotes shall remain valid for a minimum of 60 days. The government has included 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services For evaluation purposes, the Government will consider the price for the six-month Option to Extend Services as equal to half the price of the last option period quoted. The total evaluated price will include the base period and all options including the Option to Extend Services. Evaluation of options will not obligate the government to exercise the options.Defense Finance and Accounting Services PROVISION/CLAUSE FILL-INS: The Offeror shall complete representations and certifications, if not already available in on SAM.gov; otherwise, the quoter shall submit the full text version with fill-ins completed at the time of quotation. Full text of provisions/clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquistion.gov. PROTESTS: Companies protesting this procurement may file a protest 1) with the contracting officer, 2) with the General Accounting Office, or 3) pursuant to Executive Order No. 12979, with the Agency for a decision by the Activity’s Chief of the Contracting Office. A protest filed with the agency per # 3) should clearly state that it is an "Agency Level Protest under Executive Order No. 12979." Absent a clear indication of the intent to file an agency level protest, a protest will be presumed to be a protest to the contracting officer. Upon request, the agency will consider an independent review at a level above the contracting officer for protests filed with the agency per #3)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5acf6d8021844dfb8cc3648518458777/view)