---
layout: default
title: J041-- Boiler Inspection, Testing, and Maintenance Services Base + 4
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 10694be7d7ca448eae84aab67e4ecc0d
---

# J041-- Boiler Inspection, Testing, and Maintenance Services Base + 4

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 13:28:08.106-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24726Q0378
- Awardee: null

## Summary

36C24726Q0378 Page 1 of Page 39 of 69 Page 1 of Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01, dated 03-13-2026. This solicitation is set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business concerns. To be considered for award prospective offerors must be registered and active in the System for Award Management (www.SAM.gov) and SBA verified SDVOSB Veteran Small Business Certification Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) (https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/) concern verified at the date and time set for receipt of offers. An Offeror, who is not SAM registered, or SBA Vet Cert verified SDVOSB concern at the date and time set for receipt of offers will have their offer rejected as non-responsive and will not be considered for award. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 561210-Facilities Support Services, with a small business size standard of $47.0 Million. The FSC/PSC is J041. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN) 07, Carl Vinson VA Medical Center, 1826 Veterans Blvd., Dublin , GA 31021 is seeking to purchase Annual Boiler Inspection, Maintenance, and Testing Services. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ Contractor shall provide boiler inspections, testing, and maintenance by qualified technicians on various boilers within the Boiler Plant (Building 27) and Mental Health Clinic (Building 87) at the Carl Vinson VA Medical Center (CVVAMC). The Contractor shall furnish all labor, travel, equipment, supplies and materials required to perform annual inspection, testing, and maintenance of boilers within the boiler plant and mental health clinic in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW). Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 11-30-2026 POP End: 11-29-2027 0002

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ Repair Contingency Fund NOT included in Preventative Maintenance Service NTE $50,000 Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 11-30-2026 POP End: 11-29-2027 1001

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ Contractor shall provide boiler inspections, testing, and maintenance by qualified technicians on various boilers within the Boiler Plant (Building 27) and Mental Health Clinic (Building 87) at the Carl Vinson VA Medical Center (CVVAMC). The Contractor shall furnish all labor, travel, equipment, supplies and materials required to perform annual inspection, testing, and maintenance of boilers within the boiler plant and mental health clinic in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW). Contract Period: Option 1 POP Begin: 11-30-2027 POP End: 11-29-202 1002

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ Repair Contingency Fund NOT included in Preventative Maintenance Service NTE $50,001 Contract Period: Option 1 POP Begin: 11-30-2027 POP End: 11-29-2028 2001

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ Contractor shall provide boiler inspections, testing, and maintenance by qualified technicians on various boilers within the Boiler Plant (Building 27) and Mental Health Clinic (Building 87) at the Carl Vinson VA Medical Center (CVVAMC). The Contractor shall furnish all labor, travel, equipment, supplies and materials required to perform annual inspection, testing, and maintenance of boilers within the boiler plant and mental health clinic in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW). Contract Period: Option 2 POP Begin: 11-30-2028 POP End: 11-29-2029 2002

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ Repair Contingency Fund NOT included in Preventative Maintenance Service NTE $50,002 Contract Period: Option 2 POP Begin: 11-30-2028 POP End: 11-29-2029 3001

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ Contractor shall provide boiler inspections, testing, and maintenance by qualified technicians on various boilers within the Boiler Plant (Building 27) and Mental Health Clinic (Building 87) at the Carl Vinson VA Medical Center (CVVAMC). The Contractor shall furnish all labor, travel, equipment, supplies and materials required to perform annual inspection, testing, and maintenance of boilers within the boiler plant and mental health clinic in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW). Contract Period: Option 3 POP Begin: 11-30-2029 POP End: 11-29-2030 3002

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ Repair Contingency Fund NOT included in Preventative Maintenance Service NTE $50,003 Contract Period: Option 3 POP Begin: 11-30-2029 POP End: 11-29-2030 4001

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ Contractor shall provide boiler inspections, testing, and maintenance by qualified technicians on various boilers within the Boiler Plant (Building 27) and Mental Health Clinic (Building 87) at the Carl Vinson VA Medical Center (CVVAMC). The Contractor shall furnish all labor, travel, equipment, supplies and materials required to perform annual inspection, testing, and maintenance of boilers within the boiler plant and mental health clinic in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW). Contract Period: Option 4 POP Begin: 11-30-2030 POP End: 11-29-2031 4002

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ Repair Contingency Fund NOT included in Preventative Maintenance Service NTE $50,004 Contract Period: Option 4 POP Begin: 11-30-2030 POP End: 11-29-2031 GRAND TOTAL __________________ STATEMENT OF WORK Annual Boiler Inspection, Maintenance, and Testing Carl Vinson VA Medical Center 1826 Veterans Blvd. Dublin, GA 31021 Contract Purpose: This statement of work defines the requirements for a contractor to provide boiler inspections, testing, and maintenance by qualified technicians on various boilers within the Boiler Plant (Building 27) and Mental Health Clinic (Building 87) at the Carl Vinson VA Medical Center (CVVAMC). The specifics on the types of boilers, number of boilers, and tests and inspections to be performed are outlined in the sections below. Scope of Work: The work outlined in this section is classified in terms of the contract years in which tasks are to be performed. Some tasks may be performed only in the base year while some are performed in the base year and the following option years. These tasks are classified and listed in the following subsections. Within Base Year Only: The vendor must provide an inspection and wet magnetic particle testing of welds of the deaerator tank. All inspection and testing of the pressure vessel interior must be accomplished by a Qualified Professional Inspector (QPI). Within Base Year and Accompanying 4 Option Years: The vendor will be required to complete various tasks related to inspection, maintenance, and testing of applicable boilers at the CVVAMC. Some of the basic inspection and testing tasks that shall be completed can be categorized as such: Boiler Fireside Visual Inspection: Inspect attaching mechanism and open all access doors. Inspect boiler for visible signs of hot spots and discoloration. Inspect tubes and tube sheet for leaks. Brush fireside of boiler tubes and clean using a soot vacuum. Inspect the refractory internally utilizing confined workspace permit and insulation for wear and patch any minor problems with high temperature refractory patching mix. Inspect rear port cooling tube if applicable. Re-gasket and close fireside; replace peep sight glass at front and rear sight ports. Boiler Waterside Visual Inspection: Drain boiler and open inspection ports for inspection. Open, inspect, and flush internals of low water cutoff equipment. Inspect and flush pressure control tree. Remove pressure controls from pressure control tree for cleaning and inspection. Inspect and flush water side of boiler of any loose scale. Inspect blowdown valves and equipment for leakage and wear. Inspect PV for visible cracks, corrosion, and scale. Insect safety relief valves for leakage. Inspect water column and replace tubular gauge glass with gaskets. Inspect the feed water valve and controls for operation if applicable. Re-gasket and close waterside. Boiler Combustion and Controls Visual Inspection: Check linkage, drive arms, and damper connections for wear. Check all actuators and motors for abnormal operation. Inspect air inlet and damper. Externally inspect flue, vent, stack, and outlet dampers. Inspect the diffuser and burner for wear. Inspect the diffuser positioning. Inspect burner housing and spuds if applicable. Check boiler and burner components for wear. Inspect main fuel train, regulators, and valves. Inspect gauges, monitors, and indicators. Inspect ignitor for damage and wear. Set proper gap. Inspect instruments and equipment settings Inspect pilot line, regulator, and valves. Inspect the blower motor operation Boiler Tests: Perform a pilot turndown test. Test and set combustion on primary fuel. Test and verify firing rate control set points. Test burner position interlocks. Test combustion air proving switch. Test flame failure detection system for pilot and primary fuel. Test flame failure safety shutdown timing. Test main fuel train interlocks. Test operating and high limit control functionality. Test trial for ignition and full sequence timing. Test all lights, indicators and alarms for functionality. Check burner flame pattern. Test firing rate control. Check pilot and main fuel flame signal strength. Additional Services: Stack inspection. Replacement of safety relief valves. Hydrostatic testing. CSD-1 gas train testing. DA/boiler feed water tank inspections Surge/condensate tank inspections. The vendor must perform a cleaning and visual inspection of the following items: Deaerator Tank Condensate Tank The vendor must perform all tasks required by the latest edition of the VHA Boiler Plant Safety Device Testing Manual at their listed frequencies to satisfy BEI testing sequences. This list of tasks with accompanying frequencies will include, but may not be limited to, those listed below. Tests to be conducted every six (6) months include: Deaerator tank level alarms and overflow testing. Deaerator steam pressure/temperature control and safety testing. Condensate storage tank level alarms and overflow testing. Economizers safety valve testing. CO and combustible gas detection and alarm system testing. Adjust burner combustion settings and calibrate oxygen trim. Check vibration of burner fans. Calibrate instrumentation, monitoring and control systems. High-steam pressure cut-out (recycle). High-steam pressure cut-out (non-recycle). Steam safety valves lift test. Check gas vent valve for leaks. High-gas fuel pressure cut-off. Low-gas fuel pressure cut-off. Gas fuel safety shut off valves proof of closure. Leak test gas fuel safety shut off valves. High-fuel oil temperature cut-off (heated fuel). Low-fuel oil temperature cut-off (heated fuel). Low-atomizing pressure for fuel oil. High-fuel oil pressure cut-off. Fuel oil safety shut off valves proof of closure. Leak test fuel oil safety shut off valves. Check operation of Liquid Petroleum Gas pilot. Low-pilot gas pressure cut-out. Forced draft fan motor interlock. Forced draft fan damper wide open for purge. Boiler outlet damper wide open for purge. Purge air flow interlock. Timing for pre-purge. Igniter timing. Low fire position interlock. Combustion air interlock. The main flame out; i.e., time to close valves. Ignition flame out; i.e., time to close valves. Minimum igniter flame test. Scanner not sensing ignition spark. Low-oxygen alarm and/or cut-out. The pre-purge setting of flue gas recirculation damper. Interlock of the building outside air damper with burner controls. Burner control. Check furnace pressure. Check combustion gas leaks into the boiler room. Tests to be conducted every year include: Test plant and boiler emergency stop buttons and gas valves. Calibrate pressure gauges and thermometers. Steam safety valves (accumulation test at high fire). The vendor will be required to complete other work associated with calibration, testing, and maintenance of applicable boilers. This work will include the following: Semi-annual calibration and preventative maintenance services for applicable government-owned equipment outlined within this contract, which includes calibration of measurement instruments, controls, and setting air/fuel ratio. Testing and calibration of 15 electrical switches, 15 gauges, burner management, 2 mechanical safety valves on water tube boiler, and 3 safety valves on fire tube for compliance with a VA instigated complete boiler safety testing program. Half of these switches shall be removed and bench calibrated on one visit and the other half shall be removed and bench calibrated on the next visit to ensure annual testing. Testing and calibration to be completed with certified test equipment. Services and calibration of boiler plant instruments performed in accordance with original instrument specifications which include, but are not limited to, calibrating all flow meters, temperature recorders, oxygen analyzers, window pressures, furnace pressure, boiler draft gauges, master controls, transmitters, and receivers. Servicing of all burners in applicable boilers. Services must be in accordance with all terms, conditions, provisions, schedules, and specifications of this solicitation. Services that consist of thorough technical inspections, cleaning, oiling, adjusting, calibrating, and maintaining equipment in first-class operating condition. General: The vendor will contact the Utility Systems Supervisor and COR to set up dates in which inspection, testing, calibration, and/or maintenance will occur. Applicable inspection, testing, calibration, and maintenance items will be conducted on the following boilers: Boiler #1 (Trane-Murray), Boiler #2 (Trane-Murray), and Boiler #3 (Cleaver Brooks) within the boiler plant (Building 27), four (4) Fulton hot water boilers (Building 27), and two (2) Lochinvar hot water boilers (Building 87). The vendor must have experience conducting inspections, testing, and maintenance on boilers from the following manufacturers: Trane-Murray, Cleaver Brooks, Fulton, and Lochinvar. Contractors shall be responsible for making necessary repairs to applicable boilers up to an agreed repair contingency fund. Utilization of contingency funds for repairs requires prior approval from the Contracting Officer Representative (COR). Reports shall be drafted that detail the name(s) of the technician(s) sent, dates worked, times worked, inspections/testing/calibrations performed, maintenance work performed, issues encountered (if any), and repairs made (if any). Document formatting utilized for delivered reports shall be appropriate and consistent. The vendor will provide all supervision, labor, equipment, and materials needed to complete work for this service contract per the provided attachments, specifications, and this SOW as applicable. All work must be in accordance with applicable local, state, and federal codes, rules, and regulations. Impact shall be minimized and mitigated in a way that limits disruption to the functioning of the Medical Center. If any damage occurs to the property, building, or boilers, it will be the responsibility of the contractor to bear the costs for repairs and interim costs for maintaining medical center operations. Scheduling and coordination with the CVVAMC will be critical and must be coordinated and approved by Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). Repair Contingency: The VA shall authorize a repair contingency fund not to exceed $50,000 per year for use at the discretion of the COR for immediate, necessary system repairs. The contractor must notify the COR of the known repair and provide a detailed (labor, materials, travel, etc.) cost estimate. The contractor must receive approval from the CO and COR before conducting the work. Equipment Information: EQUIPMENT NAME MANUFACTURER TYPE DESIGN PRESSURE CAPACITY Boiler #1 Trane Water Tube 200 psi 20,000 lb/hr Boiler #2 Trane Water Tube 200 psi 20,000 lb/hr Boiler #3 Cleaver Brooks Fire Tube 200 psi 17,200 lb/hr Hot Water Boiler #1 Fulton Condensing 160 psi 2,943 MBH Hot Water Boiler #2 Fulton Condensing 160 psi 2,943 MBH Hot Water Boiler #3 Fulton Condensing 160 psi 2,943 MBH Hot Water Boiler #4 Fulton Condensing 160 psi 2,943 MBH Hot Water Boiler #5 Lochinvar Condensing 160 psi 1,443 MBH Hot Water Boiler #6 Lochinvar Condensing 160 psi 1,443 MBH Technician and Inspector Qualifications: Technicians shall have completed at least a one-year trade school and have five years of successful experience in this field. The experience shall be largely with institutional and industrial boiler plants similar in design to the CVVAMC plant. The CVVAMC facility manager/engineer may define and accept equivalent qualifications. All inspection work shall be performed by a Qualified Professional Inspector (QPI). A boiler inspector must possess at least one of the following: A valid and current certificate from the National Board of Boiler and Pressure Vessel Inspectors; Licensure by passing a written examination under the laws, rules, and regulations of the jurisdiction of Georgia and holds a current Georgia License; Current employment as a boiler inspector by a jurisdiction that has adopted and administers one or more sections of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) Boiler and Pressure Vessel Code as a legal requirement and has a representative serving as a member of the ASME Conference Committee; or Current employment by an insurance company that has been licensed or registered by the appropriate authority of Georgia to write boiler and pressure vessel insurance. General Requirements: Employees of the contractor and sub-contractors shall always conduct themselves in a professional manner while on medical center property. The vendor shall ensure all personnel working on this contract are aware of Medical Center rules pertaining to employee behavior and conduct. Physical or verbal misconduct may be grounds for removing employees from Medical Center property, or grounds for arrest by the VA Police. Employees may be banned from Medical Center property as a result of inappropriate or illegal behavior. The vendor shall not be entitled to any compensation from the Government for any costs resulting from employee misconduct (including, but not limited to, delays in contract completion) and may be held liable for costs incurred by the Government as a result of employee misconduct. The VA will not be responsible for storage of equipment, materials, or tools. It is the vendor s responsibility to properly assess the working conditions and include in the bid any specialty equipment, training, additional time, personnel, or safety equipment to perform the work safely and in compliance with all applicable local, State, and Federal regulations. Hours of Work: Normal working hours are 0700 1600 Monday to Friday, except for federal holidays. Preparation can be done during these hours. To reduce patient impact, all work that requires a utility outage will need to take place during afterhours (1700 0500) or during weekends. All work started shall be completed and the work area(s) ready for full operations no later than 0500 the following day, unless otherwise coordinated with the COR. All schedules and work hours shall be requested, coordinated, and approved through the COR. Security Requirements: Badging must be secured prior to any contractor beginning work on the premises. The Contractor will determine the type of badge required for their contractor(s) based on the following criteria: If contractor requires escorted access to CV VAMC for more than 15 days and less than 180 days, they will require a Flash Badge. The escort can be anyone with a Non-PIV or PIV badge. If contractor requires unescorted access to CV VAMC for more than 15 days and less than 180 days, they will require a Non-Personal Identity Verification (PIV) Badge. If contractor requires unescorted access to CV VAMC for more than 180 days, they will require a PIV Badge. Prior to receiving sponsorship for a badge, all contractors must complete Contractor Safety Training through the Safety Service. Training occurs every other Wednesday in the Engineering Conference Room (G206). Procedures for acquiring the appropriate identification badge for a contractor are identified below. Visitor Badges will be issued by the Personal Identity Verification (PIV) Manager, Engineering Service, to the contractor at the time of use. Visitor Badges are valid only on the day of issue, and a new Visitor Badge must be issued for any subsequent visit. Flash, Non-PIV, and PIV Badges will be issued by the PIV Office in Human Resources. These badges will be issued following sponsorship and credentialing procedures detailed below: The COR will initiate the process for Flash, Non-PIV, and PIV Badges by submitting a request to the PIV Manager to complete Form OMB No. 2900-0673, Request for Personal Identity Verification Card, for the contractor requiring a badge. For Flash and Non-PIV Badges, the COR will ensure that the contractor is appropriately sponsored by the PIV Manager, who will sponsor the contractor by certifying the completed Form OMB No. 2900-0673 (in Section 3), establishing the need for a credential to be issued to the contractor. For PIV Badges, the COR will serve as the sponsor by certifying the completed Form OMB No. 2900-0673 (in Section 3), establishing the need for a credential to be issued to the contractor. The PIV Manager will request the following information from the contractor for completion of the Form OMB No. 2900-0673: Legal name, Date of birth, SSN, Job title, name of firm/company, sex, race, height, weight, eye color, hair color, place of birth, certificate of completion for RHJVAMC Contractor Safety Training (required to be completed annually) and Certificate of completion for the OSHA 10-hour Construction Safety Training or the OSHA 30-hour Construction Safety Training. The PIV Manager will validate completed training and sponsor the contractor by submitting the completed form to the Police Service (PIV Office). The COR will provide the contractor with instructions for completing their required background investigation, if applicable. Once HR has received all required documentation, they will issue the appropriate badge to the contractor. Safety: When working inside the Boiler Plant the vendor shall follow all relevant safety protocols and shall provide and wear proper Personal Protective Equipment as required by the VHA Reference Materials: The vendor is responsible for gaining access to the following reference materials: NFPA 85, Boiler and Combustion Systems Hazards Code VHA Boiler Plant Safety Device Testing Manual, 8th or Latest Edition VHA Directive 1810, Boiler and Boiler Plant Safety Lock-Out, Tag-Out Policy Parking/Laydown Area: The Contractor shall make arrangements for parking. At no time shall vehicles be parked on roadways, patient parking areas, the loading dock, etc. Coordinate use of the loading dock for loading/unloading material with the COR. Materials shall not be deposited on the loading dock for any length of time. There is no guarantee for laydown of testing equipment. The CVVAMC shall not provide an extensive area for storage of testing equipment. Again, scheduling and coordination with the CVVAMC will be critical. Interim Life Safety Measure (ILSM) Permit may be required for staged testing equipment due to increased combustible loading. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to ensure their testing equipment remain secure. Utility Shutdowns: The Contractor must coordinate and request a shutdown with the VA prior to shutting down or interrupting any utility system. The Contractor shall provide a minimum of 21 calendar days of notice for a utility shutdown. The Contractor shall make every effort possible to reduce the amount and duration of impacts of utility shutdowns. Requests to shutdown utilities are dependent upon the Medical Center s ability to maintain normal operations. Should a request be denied due to clinical needs, the COR shall inform the contractor of alternate dates and times that meet the Medical Center s needs. Before initiating any work or portion thereof, a specific work plan, which is to include procedures to be used on and near the energized electrical equipment, barriers to be installed, safety equipment to be provided and exit paths identified shall be developed. This plan shall be reviewed by CVVAMC staff and documented. Period of Performance: The work will be implemented in a base year with the possibility of four (4), one (1) year options. The tentative periods of performance are as follows: Base Year: 11/30/2026 11/29/2027 Option Year 1: 11/30/2027 11/29/2028 Option Year 2: 11/30/2028 11/29/2029 Option Year 3: 11/30/2029 11/29/2030 Option Year 4: 11/30/2030 11/29/2031 Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: Carl Vinson VA Medical Center 1826 Veterans Blvd. Dublin, GA Postal Code: 31021 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far https://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/ The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services Other FAR or VA provisions/procedures/clauses and any other additional contract requirements or terms and conditions include: 52.217-8 OPTION TO EXTEND SERVICES (NOV 1999); 52.217-9 OPTION TO EXTEND THE TERM OF THE CONTRACT (MAR 2000); SUPPLEMENTAL INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS; VAAR 852.219-73 VA NOTICE OF TOTAL SET-ASIDE FOR CERTIFIED SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION); VAAR 852.219-75 VA NOTICE OF LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE FOR SERVICES AND CONSTRUCTION (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION); VAAR 852.232-72 ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF PAYMENT REQUESTS (NOV 2018); VAAR 852.242-71 ADMINISTRATIVE CONTRACTING OFFICER (OCT 2020);52.203-17 CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS(NOV 2023);52.204-9PERSONAL IDENTITY VERIFICATION OF CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL(JAN 2011);52.204-13 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT MAINTENANCE (DEVIATION)(NOV 2025);52.228-5 INSURANCE WORK ON A GOVERNMENT INSTALLATION(JAN 1997); 52.201-1 ACQUISITION 360: VOLUNTARY SURVEY (SEP 2023); 52.204-24 REPRESENTATION REGARDING CERTAIN TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND VIDEO SURVEILLANCE SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT (NOV 2021); 52.204-29 FEDERAL ACQUISITION SUPPLY CHAIN SECURITY ACT ORDERS REPRESENTATION AND DISCLOSURES (DEC 2023); 52.237-1 SITE VISIT (APR 1984); VAAR 852.233-71 ALTERNATE PROTEST PROCEDURE (OCT 2018); 52.233-2 SERVICE OF PROTEST (SEP 2006); 52.204-7 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (NOV 2024);52.229-11TAX ON CERTAIN FOREIGN PROCUREMENTS NOTICE AND REPRESENTATION(JUN 2020);852.233-70 PROTEST CONTENT/ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION(OCT 2018);852.239-75 INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION TECHNOLOGY ACCESSIBILITY NOTICE(FEB 2023) All quoters shall submit the following: The offeror shall submit their quote on company letterhead. The offeror s quote shall include the name, address, and telephone number of the offeror, the offeror s UEI# and ORCA document, in SAM at (https://sam.gov) , and a completed copy of 52.212-3 offeror Representations and Certifications- Commercial Items. All fillable documents are required for submission. Submission of VAAR 852.219-75 certification completely filled out is required. Acknowledgement or signed copy of all amendments posted to the solicitation and signed 1449. All Offerors must meet the small business size standard of $47M for NAICS code 561210 - Facilities Support Services at the time of submission of quote and at the time of award. All offerors must be registered in Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) (https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/) and SAM at the time of quote submittal. An Offeror must be SDVOSB Verified (reference VAAR 852.219-73) at time of quote submission and at time of award. VAAR 852.219-75 certification are a submission requirement and shall be submitted electronically. An offeror shall indicate in its quote whether it will (1) self-perform 100% of the requirement, or (2) subcontract any portion of the requirement. If the offeror intends to subcontract any portion of the requirement, the offeror shall provide a subcontracting plan that includes a percentage breakdown evidencing how the offeror will comply with the limitations on subcontracting in 13 CFR 125.6(a)(1). Failure to provide the required information may result in an offeror s quote being rejected without further consideration. If the offeror plans on using subcontractors, you must provide a subcontracting plan to include: a. Business Name b. Business Size c. Work they will be performing, to include % of work on contract d. % of payment to be received of total contract amount Technical: The offeror shall demonstrate in its quote in as much detail as possible how it will meet the Carl Vinson VA Medical Center, Dublin, GA - Annual Boiler Inspection, Maintenance, and Testing Services requirement as described in the solicitation s statement of work. Past Performance: The offeror is required to provide a minimum of two (2) past performance reference for similar services within the last four (4) years, either Governmental or Commercial entity, in response to this solicitation, to include place, size, and years of service performed. If no past performance is available, you must address this in your offer. Price: The offeror shall fill-in all unit prices and totals for each CLIN as well as the total amount of the price quote in the solicitation s Price Schedule. Questions: All questions shall be submitted in writing via email to LaTerrica.Sewell@va.gov by April 02, 2026, by 10:00 AM Eastern Time. Questions received after this date and time will not be answered. There will be no exceptions. All responses to questions shall be incorporated into a written amendment posted to the Government Point of Entry (GPE). The offeror is encouraged to monitor the GPE, Beta.SAM website with respect to this solicitation because any amendments to this Solicitation will be posted on the website (www.beta.sam.gov). There will be no automated email notification of amendments. Site Visit- A site visit will be held on March 31, 2026 at 10:00 AM Eastern Time. Please contact the Contract Specialist/Contracting Officer via email at LaTerrica.Sewell@va.gov if you would like to schedule a site visit, point of contact at the facility will be provided upon request of the site visit. **There will only be one site visit. No other site visits will be scheduled. ** Quotes must be received by Friday, April 10, 2026 @ 10:00AM EST. Email your quote to LaTerrica.Sewell@va.gov. The subject line must have the solicitation the offeror is responding to listed. There will be no automated email notification of receipt of quotes. All quotes received without requested documentation will not be considered. Quote Format: The submission should be clearly indexed and logically assembled in order of the evaluation criteria below. All pages of the quote shall be appropriately numbered and identified by the complete company name, date, and solicitation nu...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: LaTerrica Sewell
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: LaTerrica.Sewell@va.gov
  - Phone: 706-733-0188

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/10694be7d7ca448eae84aab67e4ecc0d/view)