---
layout: default
title: NAF Travel Trailer (Commodity)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 8c6e7f28a71e44e39d8f70296e9705bb
---

# NAF Travel Trailer (Commodity)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 10:11:47.217-04
- Solicitation Number: FA461326Q1022

## Summary

Amendment 01 (26 March 2026): The purpose of this amendment is to: Add Attachment 5 - Questions and Answers Update solicitation Section

3.0 Attachments, by adding Attachment 5 - Questions and Answers Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Solicitation Number: FA461326Q1022 Purchase Description: NAF Travel Trailer (Commodity) The 90th Contracting Squadron is issuing this combined synopsis and solicitation to seek quotations for a commercial travel trailer. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation for this requirement; a separate written document will not be issued. This Request for Quotation (RFQ) is conducted as full and open competition, and all responsible sources are invited to submit a quotation. Important Information: NAICS Code: 336214 - Travel Trailer and Camper Manufacturing Contract Type: Firm-Fixed-Price Place of Performance: F.E. Warren AFB, WY 82005 Required Delivery: 45 calendar days after contract award 1.0. DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT The 90th Force Support Squadron (90 FSS) at F.E. Warren AFB, WY, requires one (1) new travel trailer in support of Nonappropriated Fund Instrumentality (NAFI). The trailer will be added to the squadron's equipment fleet to provide reliable, temporary lodging for personnel, thereby enhancing mission readiness and recreational opportunities. The vendor shall provide the travel trailer in accordance with the salient characteristics listed below. Accommodations: Sleeps a minimum of eight (8) people. Towing and Size: Dry weight of less than 5,000 lbs. Total length of less than 30 feet. Equipped with an electric hitch jack. Power System: Factory-installed solar power system, including panels and two (2) 6-volt battery solar inverters for off-grid capability. Utilities: Must include storage for two (2) propane canisters. Configuration: A floor plan with no slide-outs is preferred. A single slide-out is the maximum acceptable configuration. DOT Compliance: Must meet all Department of Transportation (DOT) requirements for road-worthiness upon delivery. Warranty: A minimum 1-year manufacturer’s warranty is required. The product must meet Buy American Act (BAA) or Trade Agreement Act (TAA) requirements, and contractors are expected to certify the place of origin of all components before delivery. Since this is a commercial off-the-shelf item, the terms and conditions are the same as those available to other commercial customers. 2.0. CONTRACT LINE ITEM NUMBER (CLIN) STRUCTURE CLIN 0001: Travel Trailer Estimated Delivery Date: 45 Days After Date of Contract Award Quantity: 1 Unit of Issue: Each Unit Price: $ ___________ Extended (Unit) Price: $ ___________ PLACE OF DELIVERY FOR ALL CLINs: 110 E Plaza, Warren AFB, WY 82005 3.0. ATTACHMENTS Attachment 1 – Offeror Response Form Attachment 2 - Pricing and Schedule Attachment 3 – Salient Characteristics Checklist Attachment 4 – NAF Standard Clauses Attachment 5 – Questions and Answers 4.0. QUESTIONS and QUOTES 4.1. Questions: All questions regarding this solicitation must be submitted by email to the points of contact below no later than 11:00 AM MST on Wednesday, March 25, 2026. Contract Specialist, Brandon Bartlett (brandon.bartlett.2@us.af.mil) Contracting Officer, 1st Lt Kamary Williams (kamary.williams@us.af.mil) 4.2. Quote Submission: All quotes must be received by email to the points of contact below no later than 11:00 AM MST on Thursday, April 2, 2026, to be considered timely. Contract Specialist, Brandon Bartlett (brandon.bartlett.2@us.af.mil) Contracting Officer, 1st Lt Kamary Williams (kamary.williams@us.af.mil) 5.0. OTHER INFORMATION 5.1. System for Award Management (SAM): Offerors must have an active registration in SAM (SAM.gov) at the time of quote submission to be eligible for award. 5.2. Discussions: The Government intends to award a purchase order without conducting discussions; however, the Government reserves the right to hold discussions with offerors if it is determined to be in its best interest. 6.0. INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS 6.1. Quote Submission Package: To be considered for award, offerors must submit the following documents: Completed Attachment 1 – Offeror Response Form. Completed Attachment 2 – Pricing and Schedule. Manufacturer-provided documentation (e.g., MSRP, Invoice, Specification Sheet) for the proposed travel trailer. Firm-Fixed-Pricing for CLIN 0001, to include all materials, labor, shipping, and any other direct/indirect costs. Company Information: CAGE code, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), Point of Contact, and any applicable Socioeconomic status. Discount Terms (if applicable). 6.2. Formatting Requirements: Submission Method: Electronic submission via email only. Attachments must not exceed 9 MB. Do not send .zip files. Page Limit: Quotes are limited to six (6) pages. This limit does not include required attachments or manufacturer specification sheets. Font: 12-point minimum. File Type: Microsoft Word or searchable Adobe PDF are preferred 7.0. EVALUATION Technical Acceptability: Quotes will be evaluated to determine if the proposed item meets all salient characteristics listed in Section 1.0. A quote that fails to meet all requirements will be rated "unacceptable" and will not be considered for award. Price: The lowest priced quote will be evaluated for technical acceptability first. The Government will evaluate quotes for acceptability but will not rank the quotes by non-price factors. If the Government receives fewer than three (3) quotes, all quotes will be evaluated for Technical Acceptability. If the Government receives three (3) or more quotes, the Government will only select the three (3) lowest priced quotes to evaluate for Technical Acceptability. The Government reserves the right to evaluate additional quotes for technical acceptability if it is in the Government’s best interest to do so. Price will be evaluated to ensure fair and reasonable pricing. A price is reasonable if, in its nature and amount, it does not exceed that which would be incurred by a prudent person in the conduct of competitive business. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to ensure a fair and reasonable price. Some of those techniques are, but not limited to, comparison of quoted prices received in response to the solicitation and/or comparison of quoted prices with the Independent Government Estimate. Prices must be determined fair and reasonable. No additional information from the offeror will be required if the price is based on adequate price competition. In the event adequate price competition does not exist, the contracting officer will obtain information from the offeror to the extent required to determine the reasonableness of the offered prices. (End)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brandon Bartlett
  - Email: brandon.bartlett.2@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: 1st Lt Kamary Williams
  - Email: kamary.williams@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Questions and Answers Update solicitation Section
- Attachment 2: - Questions and Answers Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Solicitation Number: FA461326Q1022 Purchase Description: NAF Travel Trailer (Commodity) The 90th Contracting Squadron is issuing this combined synopsis and solicitation to seek quotations for a commercial travel trailer. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation for this requirement; a separate written document will not be issued. This Request for Quotation (RFQ) is conducted as full and open competition, and all responsible sources are invited to submit a quotation. Important Information: NAICS Code: 336214 - Travel Trailer and Camper Manufacturing Contract Type: Firm-Fixed-Price Place of Performance: F.E. Warren AFB, WY 82005 Required Delivery: 45 calendar days after contract award 1.0. DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT The 90th Force Support Squadron (90 FSS) at F.E. Warren AFB, WY, requires one (1) new travel trailer in support of Nonappropriated Fund Instrumentality (NAFI). The trailer will be added to the squadron"s equipment fleet to provide reliable, temporary lodging for personnel, thereby enhancing mission readiness and recreational opportunities. The vendor shall provide the travel trailer in accordance with the salient characteristics listed below. Accommodations: Sleeps a minimum of eight (8) people. Towing and Size: Dry weight of less than 5,000 lbs. Total length of less than 30 feet. Equipped with an electric hitch jack. Power System: Factory-installed solar power system, including panels and two (2) 6-volt battery solar inverters for off-grid capability. Utilities: Must include storage for two (2) propane canisters. Configuration: A floor plan with no slide-outs is preferred. A single slide-out is the maximum acceptable configuration. DOT Compliance: Must meet all Department of Transportation (DOT) requirements for road-worthiness upon delivery. Warranty: A minimum 1-year manufacturer’s warranty is required. The product must meet Buy American Act (BAA) or Trade Agreement Act (TAA) requirements, and contractors are expected to certify the place of origin of all components before delivery. Since this is a commercial off-the-shelf item, the terms and conditions are the same as those available to other commercial customers. 2.0. CONTRACT LINE ITEM NUMBER (CLIN) STRUCTURE CLIN 0001: Travel Trailer Estimated Delivery Date: 45 Days After Date of Contract Award Quantity: 1 Unit of Issue: Each Unit Price: $ ___________ Extended (Unit) Price: $ ___________ PLACE OF DELIVERY FOR ALL CLINs: 110 E Plaza, Warren AFB, WY 82005 3.0. ATTACHMENTS Attachment 1 – Offeror Response Form Attachment 2 - Pricing and Schedule Attachment 3 – Salient Characteristics Checklist Attachment 4 – NAF Standard Clauses Attachment 5 – Questions and Answers 4.0. QUESTIONS and QUOTES 4.1. Questions: All questions regarding this solicitation must be submitted by email to the points of contact below no later than 11:00 AM MST on Wednesday, March 25, 2026. Contract Specialist, Brandon Bartlett (brandon.bartlett.2@us.af.mil) Contracting Officer, 1st Lt Kamary Williams (kamary.williams@us.af.mil) 4.2. Quote Submission: All quotes must be received by email to the points of contact below no later than 11:00 AM MST on Thursday, April 2, 2026, to be considered timely. Contract Specialist, Brandon Bartlett (brandon.bartlett.2@us.af.mil) Contracting Officer, 1st Lt Kamary Williams (kamary.williams@us.af.mil) 5.0. OTHER INFORMATION 5.1. System for Award Management (SAM): Offerors must have an active registration in SAM (SAM.gov) at the time of quote submission to be eligible for award. 5.2. Discussions: The Government intends to award a purchase order without conducting discussions; however, the Government reserves the right to hold discussions with offerors if it is determined to be in its best interest. 6.0. INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS 6.1. Quote Submission Package: To be considered for award, offerors must submit the following documents: Completed Attachment 1 – Offeror Response Form. Completed Attachment 2 – Pricing and Schedule. Manufacturer-provided documentation (e.g., MSRP, Invoice, Specification Sheet) for the proposed travel trailer. Firm-Fixed-Pricing for CLIN 0001, to include all materials, labor, shipping, and any other direct/indirect costs. Company Information: CAGE code, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), Point of Contact, and any applicable Socioeconomic status. Discount Terms (if applicable). 6.2. Formatting Requirements: Submission Method: Electronic submission via email only. Attachments must not exceed 9 MB. Do not send .zip files. Page Limit: Quotes are limited to six (6) pages. This limit does not include required attachments or manufacturer specification sheets. Font: 12-point minimum. File Type: Microsoft Word or searchable Adobe PDF are preferred 7.0. EVALUATION Technical Acceptability: Quotes will be evaluated to determine if the proposed item meets all salient characteristics listed in Section 1.0. A quote that fails to meet all requirements will be rated "unacceptable" and will not be considered for award. Price: The lowest priced quote will be evaluated for technical acceptability first. The Government will evaluate quotes for acceptability but will not rank the quotes by non-price factors. If the Government receives fewer than three (3) quotes, all quotes will be evaluated for Technical Acceptability. If the Government receives three (3) or more quotes, the Government will only select the three (3) lowest priced quotes to evaluate for Technical Acceptability. The Government reserves the right to evaluate additional quotes for technical acceptability if it is in the Government’s best interest to do so. Price will be evaluated to ensure fair and reasonable pricing. A price is reasonable if, in its nature and amount, it does not exceed that which would be incurred by a prudent person in the conduct of competitive business. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to ensure a fair and reasonable price. Some of those techniques are, but not limited to, comparison of quoted prices received in response to the solicitation and/or comparison of quoted prices with the Independent Government Estimate. Prices must be determined fair and reasonable. No additional information from the offeror will be required if the price is based on adequate price competition. In the event adequate price competition does not exist, the contracting officer will obtain information from the offeror to the extent required to determine the reasonableness of the offered prices. (End)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8c6e7f28a71e44e39d8f70296e9705bb/view)