---
layout: default
title: Willamette NF, 2026 Middle Fork Spring and Fall Tree Planting
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 737be539ab8b40bab4e5cc1147ffa3bb
---

# Willamette NF, 2026 Middle Fork Spring and Fall Tree Planting

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 17:39:56.203-04
- Solicitation Number: 1240BE26Q0018

## Summary

3/11/2026: 1204BE26Q0018 Attachment 11 Cedar Creek Unit Map is uploaded. No further changes. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 1240BE26Q0018 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) Project: Willamette NF, 2026 Middle Fork Spring and Fall Tree Planting The North American Industry Classification Standard (NAICS) code is 115310 – Support Activities for Forestry and the Small Business Size Standard is $11.5 million. This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-aside. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the Agency. This solicitation incorporates Provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of Provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. Award Type: It is anticipated that a Firm Fixed Price Purchase Order will be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. The Government intends to make one award from this solicitation. Therefore, to be considered responsive, contractors must submit pricing for all items. Statement of Requirement: The purpose of this solicitation is to secure services for tree planting of approximately 860,635 Government-furnished tree seedlings in such a manner as to ensure tree survival and growth. The Contractor shall, considering given resource objectives for the work unit, develop a plan of operation to accomplish these objectives, organize, and direct all the equipment and personnel needed to fully accomplish the work. The Contractor shall furnish all technical expertise, labor, equipment, supervision, transportation, operating supplies, services, permits, licenses, and credentials necessary to complete the work required. All aspects of the work program shall be performed in an organized, systematic, and safe manner to assure services will be performed over the entire project area. Multiple planting crews and breaks in contract performance may be required in this contract to meet all requirements for seeding protection and acceptable planting conditions See Attachment 3 – Performance Work Statement for further information. Schedule of Items – Pricing (See Attachment 2): Complete the Schedule of Items with quoter’s business information and pricing. Base Items are a planned purchase. Any combination of units and Optional Items may be awarded based on funding availability. If funds are available, most Option Item(s) will be ordered at time of award such as shade, riparian restoration, fall planting. Items 0001-0040 and 1001-1017: Unit price is per Seedling and Item 1018: Unit price is per Mile Period of Performance: Date of Award through December 11, 2026 Location: The location, access, and acreage for each item, as well as other information pertinent to this contract are contained in the Project Maps. All units are located on the Middle Fork Ranger District, within the 2021 Gales Fire, the 2022 Cedar Creek Fire, the 2023 Bedrock Fire, and the Armet Timber Sale. Conditions vary from unit to unit. Fall Creek Units (Gales and Bedrock Fires): From the Middle Fork Ranger Station, drive west on Highway 58. Turn right on S Pioneer St and drive north towards Lowell. Turn left on E 2nd St then turn right on N Moss St. Continue north to the 4-way stop before the covered bridge and turn right onto Big Fall Creek Rd. Continue east on Big Fall Creek Rd/ Forest Service Road 18 into the project area. Cedar Creek Units: This area is closed to the public. Contact Gary Jackson to arrange a site visit. From the Middle Fork Ranger Station, drive east on Highway 58. Continue through Oakridge and turn left onto Fish Hatchery Rd. At the stop sign, turn right onto Salmon Creek Rd/ Forest Service Road 24 and drive east. Turn left onto Forest Service Road 1934 and continue into the project area. Armet Units: From the Middle Fork Ranger Station, cross Highway 58 to drive southeast on Westfir Rd. At the stop sign, turn left to continue north on Westfir Rd. Turn left on Winfrey Rd and stay left a T-intersection after bridge. Continue straight onto North Shore Rd/ Forest Service Road 5821. Turn right onto Forest Service Road 5823 and drive north into the project area. All units are within ¼ miles of Forest roads, unless otherwise noted in the Planting Data Sheets. Road conditions may vary due to snow and mud. Four-wheel drive vehicles and/or tire chains are recommended. Inaccessibility due to snow, fallen trees, slides or washouts on roads may or may not be corrected at the option of the Government. If road access is blocked, the Government may: (1) suspend work, (2) compensate the Contractor for walk-in distances at the predetermined rate, (3) delete the inaccessible subitems, (4) substitute similar subitems. Roads shown on unit maps indicate access to units and are not to suggest the roads are open within units or for any further travel. In the case of walk-ins due to road conditions, contractors are permitted to use ATVs or snowmobiles along roads as permitted by the Willamette National Forest’s Motorized Vehicle Use Map with adherence to local and state requirements for vehicle operation. Use of motorized equipment other than handheld equipment such as power saws and brush cutters will not be permitted off designated roads in the project area without approval of the Contracting Officer or as hereinafter provided. Unit boundaries are 100% virtual. The Government will provide georeferenced .pdf maps, or shapefiles (if requested), for all units. The Contractor is required to furnish GPS device(s) compatible with .pdf format georeferenced maps and capable of better than 30ft accuracy. The Contractor may choose to identify unit boundaries with flagging before or during planting work. Flagging for the purpose of boundary identification must be furnished by the Contractor and flagging color must be approved by Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) prior to use. Attachment 11 - Cedar Creek Unit Map will post in SAM on 3/9/2026 Site Visit: The quoter is advised to visit the worksites to determine site conditions prior to submitting a quote. The quoter is responsible for determining the amount of work. Some areas may be inaccessible due to locked gates or other impediments. Contact Gary Jackson by phone (458-298-0240) or email (gary.jackson@usda.gov) to arrange a site visit. Licensing: US Forest Service Region 6 requires the Contractor have the necessary licensing and certificates for Labor Intensive Service Contract (LISC) work. Offerors shall submit copies of their US Dept. of Labor MSPA Certificate of Registration, their Oregon BOLI license, and Temporary Employment Certificate if using H2B workers (if applicable), along with their quote to be considered for award. Include the same documentation for Subcontractors. Questions: Questions shall be submitted via email to paula.winningham@usda.gov are due no later than three days prior to quote due date and time. This will ensure enough time to respond before the solicitation period ends. Please include the solicitation name and number as the subject line of the email. Submission of Quotes To respond to this quote, email the following documents: 1) Attachment 2 – Schedule of Items, 2)Your written response to the Evaluation Factors. Adobe Acrobat or Word documents accepted. Failure to respond to evaluation factors will result in exclusion from the evaluation. 3) Licensing: MPSA, BOLI, H2B Certificates 4) Licensing Statements page (with yellow highlights) 5) Attachment 12 - SF-1449: Sign Blocks 17a and 30a,b, and c QUOTES ARE DUE no later than March 19, 2026, 2 p.m. PT. Email quote package to: paula.winningham@usda.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Paula S. Winningham
  - Email: paula.winningham@usda.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Cedar Creek Unit Map is uploaded. No further changes. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 1240BE26Q0018 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) Project: Willamette NF, 2026 Middle Fork Spring and Fall Tree Planting The North American Industry Classification Standard (NAICS) code is 115310 – Support Activities for Forestry and the Small Business Size Standard is $11.5 million. This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-aside. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the Agency. This solicitation incorporates Provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of Provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. Award Type: It is anticipated that a Firm Fixed Price Purchase Order will be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. The Government intends to make one award from this solicitation. Therefore, to be considered responsive, contractors must submit pricing for all items. Statement of Requirement: The purpose of this solicitation is to secure services for tree planting of approximately 860,635 Government-furnished tree seedlings in such a manner as to ensure tree survival and growth. The Contractor shall, considering given resource objectives for the work unit, develop a plan of operation to accomplish these objectives, organize, and direct all the equipment and personnel needed to fully accomplish the work. The Contractor shall furnish all technical expertise, labor, equipment, supervision, transportation, operating supplies, services, permits, licenses, and credentials necessary to complete the work required. All aspects of the work program shall be performed in an organized, systematic, and safe manner to assure services will be performed over the entire project area. Multiple planting crews and breaks in contract performance may be required in this contract to meet all requirements for seeding protection and acceptable planting conditions See Attachment 3 – Performance Work Statement for further information. Schedule of Items – Pricing (See Attachment 2): Complete the Schedule of Items with quoter’s business information and pricing. Base Items are a planned purchase. Any combination of units and Optional Items may be awarded based on funding availability. If funds are available, most Option Item(s) will be ordered at time of award such as shade, riparian restoration, fall planting. Items 0001-0040 and 1001-1017: Unit price is per Seedling and Item 1018: Unit price is per Mile Period of Performance: Date of Award through December 11, 2026 Location: The location, access, and acreage for each item, as well as other information pertinent to this contract are contained in the Project Maps. All units are located on the Middle Fork Ranger District, within the 2021 Gales Fire, the 2022 Cedar Creek Fire, the 2023 Bedrock Fire, and the Armet Timber Sale. Conditions vary from unit to unit. Fall Creek Units (Gales and Bedrock Fires): From the Middle Fork Ranger Station, drive west on Highway 58. Turn right on S Pioneer St and drive north towards Lowell. Turn left on E 2nd St then turn right on N Moss St. Continue north to the 4-way stop before the covered bridge and turn right onto Big Fall Creek Rd. Continue east on Big Fall Creek Rd/ Forest Service Road 18 into the project area. Cedar Creek Units: This area is closed to the public. Contact Gary Jackson to arrange a site visit. From the Middle Fork Ranger Station, drive east on Highway 58. Continue through Oakridge and turn left onto Fish Hatchery Rd. At the stop sign, turn right onto Salmon Creek Rd/ Forest Service Road 24 and drive east. Turn left onto Forest Service Road 1934 and continue into the project area. Armet Units: From the Middle Fork Ranger Station, cross Highway 58 to drive southeast on Westfir Rd. At the stop sign, turn left to continue north on Westfir Rd. Turn left on Winfrey Rd and stay left a T-intersection after bridge. Continue straight onto North Shore Rd/ Forest Service Road 5821. Turn right onto Forest Service Road 5823 and drive north into the project area. All units are within ¼ miles of Forest roads, unless otherwise noted in the Planting Data Sheets. Road conditions may vary due to snow and mud. Four-wheel drive vehicles and/or tire chains are recommended. Inaccessibility due to snow, fallen trees, slides or washouts on roads may or may not be corrected at the option of the Government. If road access is blocked, the Government may: (1) suspend work, (2) compensate the Contractor for walk-in distances at the predetermined rate, (3) delete the inaccessible subitems, (4) substitute similar subitems. Roads shown on unit maps indicate access to units and are not to suggest the roads are open within units or for any further travel. In the case of walk-ins due to road conditions, contractors are permitted to use ATVs or snowmobiles along roads as permitted by the Willamette National Forest’s Motorized Vehicle Use Map with adherence to local and state requirements for vehicle operation. Use of motorized equipment other than handheld equipment such as power saws and brush cutters will not be permitted off designated roads in the project area without approval of the Contracting Officer or as hereinafter provided. Unit boundaries are 100% virtual. The Government will provide georeferenced .pdf maps, or shapefiles (if requested), for all units. The Contractor is required to furnish GPS device(s) compatible with .pdf format georeferenced maps and capable of better than 30ft accuracy. The Contractor may choose to identify unit boundaries with flagging before or during planting work. Flagging for the purpose of boundary identification must be furnished by the Contractor and flagging color must be approved by Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) prior to use. Attachment 11 - Cedar Creek Unit Map will post in SAM on 3/9/2026 Site Visit: The quoter is advised to visit the worksites to determine site conditions prior to submitting a quote. The quoter is responsible for determining the amount of work. Some areas may be inaccessible due to locked gates or other impediments. Contact Gary Jackson by phone (458-298-0240) or email (gary.jackson@usda.gov) to arrange a site visit. Licensing: US Forest Service Region 6 requires the Contractor have the necessary licensing and certificates for Labor Intensive Service Contract (LISC) work. Offerors shall submit copies of their US Dept. of Labor MSPA Certificate of Registration, their Oregon BOLI license, and Temporary Employment Certificate if using H2B workers (if applicable), along with their quote to be considered for award. Include the same documentation for Subcontractors. Questions: Questions shall be submitted via email to paula.winningham@usda.gov are due no later than three days prior to quote due date and time. This will ensure enough time to respond before the solicitation period ends. Please include the solicitation name and number as the subject line of the email. Submission of Quotes To respond to this quote, email the following documents: 1) Attachment 2 – Schedule of Items, 2)Your written response to the Evaluation Factors. Adobe Acrobat or Word documents accepted. Failure to respond to evaluation factors will result in exclusion from the evaluation. 3) Licensing: MPSA, BOLI, H2B Certificates 4) Licensing Statements page (with yellow highlights) 5) Attachment 12 - SF-1449: Sign Blocks 17a and 30a,b, and c QUOTES ARE DUE no later than March 19, 2026, 2 p.m. PT. Email quote package to: paula.winningham@usda.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/737be539ab8b40bab4e5cc1147ffa3bb/view)