---
layout: default
title: C-45 Aircraft Paint
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 01f8cb4b2d72476faf4a7a2b9cbd2814
---

# C-45 Aircraft Paint

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-31 09:30:16.651-04
- Solicitation Number: FA460826QS015

## Summary

Combined Synopsis – Solicitation This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number FA460826QS015 is issued as a (RFQ) for paint and minor repairs of C-45 Static Display Aircraft. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation primarily incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov . The government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date for receipt of quotations. In the event the government cancels this solicitation, the government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs. If funds are not available to fund the entire contract value, the Government reserves the right to re-evaluate quotations by unit price per service and issue an award on a SOME, NONE, or ALL basis for each individual service needed. Description of Requirement: The purpose of this requirement is to properly prep, sand, prime, and paint the Barksdale Global Power Museum C-45 static display aircraft located on Barksdale AFB, LA in accordance with Attachment 1 – Statement of Work Dated 30 March 2026, and Attachment 2 – Wage Determination. Period of Performance: 30 Days Contract Line Item Number (CLIN): 0001 The Contractor shall properly prep, sand, prime and paint C-45 static display aircraft in accordance with Attachment 2 – Statement of Work Dated 30 March 2026. Best Value Determination: Contract award will be based on price/technical to determine best value. Due Date and Time: •Questions must be submitted via email to the Contract Specialist and Contracting Officer listed below by 12:00 PM CST on Friday, 03 April 2026 •Answers to questions submitted in accordance with (IAW) specified due date will be provided on or around Tuesday, 07 April 2026 .•Quotes must be submitted via email to the Contract Specialist and Contracting Officer listed below by 4:00 PM CST on Thursday 09 April 2026. Points of Contact (POC): Contract Specialist: SSgt Tyler Parsons; Telephone: (318) 456-9725; Email: tyler.parsons.3@us.af.mil Contracting Officer: Thomas Hutchins; Telephone: (318) 456-3729; Email: thomas.hutchins.2@us.af.mil Applicable Provisions in Full Text: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (a)Submission of offers. Submit offers (quotes) to the POC specified in this solicitation IAW due datesand times specified in this solicitation. Quotes will include: (1)Offeror’s name/company name, address, telephone number and email address. (2)Offeror’s SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number. (3)Offerors must review Attachment 3 - Wage Determination. Be advised that FAR 52.222-55,'Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026,' remains in effect as ofthe date of this solicitation. Although the executive order was rescinded, the implementing FAR clause has not yet been modified. Therefore, any conflict between the attached Wage Determination and FAR 52.222-55 will be resolved in favor of the FAR clause (4) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2. (5) Technical Plan not exceeding three (3) pages outlining how Offeror will accomplish the task outlined in (A) below. The Technical Plan should be clear, concise, and include sufficient detail for effective evaluation and to substantiate the stated information. The Technical Plan should not rephrase or restate the Government’s requirements but rather provide convincing rationale to address how the Offeror intends to meet the requirement. Offerors should assume the Government has no prior knowledge of their company or experience and will use the information in the Technical Plan to evaluate the quote. Offerors’ Technical Plan should include: (A) The manner in which the offeror will The objective of this service is to properly prep, sand, prime, and paint the Barksdale Global Power Museum C-45 static display aircraft in accordance with (IAW) Attachment 2 – Statement of Work Dated 24 March 2026. (6) A statement specifying agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b) Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. (c) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. Offerors are responsible for submitting quotes in electronic format to the listed POC by the due date and time specified in this solicitation. It is the Offeror’s responsibility to follow up with the POC to ensure quote was received on time. (d) Contract award. The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e) Debriefings. If a postaward debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1) The agency’s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror’s offer. (2) The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3) The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4) A summary of the rationale for award. (5) For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6) Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (a)Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to theresponsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to theGovernment, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: (1)Price: The total evaluated price will include the total price of all line items. The price will beevaluated based upon price and ranked lowest to highest. The price evaluation will determinewhether the proposed price is complete, fair and reasonable, and not unbalanced. (2)Technical: Lowest three (3) offers will undergo technical evaluation. The offers will then beevaluated against the requirements of this solicitation. If any or all three (3) of the lowest offersrequire a major rewrite or such substantial revision that the Offeror’s prospect for award is notrealistic, they may be considered non-responsive and removed from competition, and theGovernment may evaluate higher-priced offers. If three (3) or fewer offers are received, then allquotes received will be sent for technical evaluation. (b)Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successfulOfferor within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract withoutfurther action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept anoffer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice ofwithdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) FAR 52.252-5 Authorized Deviations in Provisions (NOV 2020) (a)The use in this solicitation of any Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1) provision withan authorized deviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the date of the provision. (b)FAR 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in Clauses (NOV 2020) (a) The use in this solicitation orcontract of any Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1) clause with an authorized deviation isindicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the date of the clause. (b) The use in this solicitation orcontract of any Defense Federal Regulation Supplement 48 CFR Chapter 2 clause with an authorizeddeviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the name of the regulation. (End of provision) Applicable Provisions Incorporated by Reference: FAR 52.203-18, Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management—Registration FAR 52.240-90, Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications DFARS 252.203-7005, Forms at on Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.204-7019, Notice of NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements DFARS 252.204-7024, Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System DFARS 252.209-7021, Prohibition Relating to Conflicts of Interest in Consulting Services Certification DFARS 252.225-7055, Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime DFARS 252.225-7059, Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region-Representation Applicable Clauses In Full Text: FAR 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in Clauses (NOV 2020) (a)The use in this solicitation or contract of any Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1)clause with an authorized deviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the date of theclause. (b)FAR 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in Clauses (NOV 2020) (a) The use in this solicitation orcontract of any Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1) clause with an authorized deviation isindicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the date of the clause. (b) The use in this solicitation orcontract of any Defense Federal Regulation Supplement 48 CFR Chapter 2 clause with an authorizeddeviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the name of the regulation (End of clause) DFARS 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions (JAN 2023) (a)Definitions. As used in this clause — “Department of Defense Activity Address Code (DoDAAC)” is a six position code that uniquelyidentifies a unit, activity, or organization. “Document type” means the type of payment request or receiving report available for creation in WideArea WorkFlow (WAWF). “Local processing office (LPO)” is the office responsible for payment certification when paymentcertification is done external to the entitlement system. “Payment request” and “receiving report” are defined in the clause at 252.232-7003 , ElectronicSubmission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports. (b)Electronic invoicing. The WAWF system provides the method to electronically process vendorpayment requests and receiving reports, as authorized by Defense Federal Acquisition RegulationSupplement (DFARS) 252.232-7003 , Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and ReceivingReports. (c)WAWF access. To access WAWF, the Contractor shall— (1)Have a designated electronic business point of contact in the System for Award Managementat https://www.sam.gov; and (2)Be registered to use WAWF at https://wawf.eb.mil/ following the step-by-step procedures forself-registration available at this web site. (d)WAWF training. The Contractor should follow the training instructions of the WAWF Web-BasedTraining Course and use the Practice Training Site before submitting payment requests through WAWF.Both can be accessed by selecting the “Web Based Training” link on the WAWF home page athttps://wawf.eb.mil/ (e)WAWF methods of document submission. Document submissions may be via web entry, ElectronicData Interchange, or File Transfer Protocol. (f)WAWF payment instructions. The Contractor shall use the following information when submittingpayment requests and receiving reports in WAWF for this contract or task or delivery order: (1)Document type. The Contractor shall submit payment requests using the following documenttype(s): (i)For cost-type line items, including labor-hour or time-and-materials, submit a costvoucher. (ii)For fixed price line items— (A)That require shipment of a deliverable, submit the invoice and receivingreport specified by the Contracting Officer. N/A (B)For services that do not require shipment of a deliverable, submit either theInvoice 2in1, which meets the requirements for the invoice and receiving report,or the applicable invoice and receiving report, as specified by the ContractingOfficer. Invoice 2in1 (iii)For customary progress payments based on costs incurred, submit a progresspayment request. (iv)For performance based payments, submit a performance based payment request. (v)For commercial financing, submit a commercial financing request. (2)Fast Pay requests are only permitted when Federal Acquisition Regulation ( FAR) 52.213-1 isincluded in the contract. (3)Document routing. The Contractor shall use the information in the Routing Data Table belowonly to fill in applicable fields in WAWF when creating payment requests and receiving reports inthe system. Routing Data Table* Field Name in WAWF Data to be entered in WAWF Pay Official DoDAAC F87700 Issue By DoDAAC FA4608 Admin DoDAAC** FA4608 Inspect By DoDAAC XXXXXX (Will be entered if solicitation results in an award) Ship To Code XXXXXX (Will be entered if solicitation results in an award) Ship From Code Not Applicable Mark For Code Not Applicable Service Approver (DoDAAC) XXXXXX (Will be entered if solicitation results in an award) Service Acceptor (DoDAAC) XXXXXX (Will be entered if solicitation results in an award) Accept at Other DoDAAC Not Applicable LPO DoDAAC Not Applicable DCAA Auditor DoDAAC Not Applicable Other DoDAAC(s) Not Applicable (4)Payment request. The Contractor shall ensure a payment request includes documentation appropriate to the type of payment request in accordance with the payment clause, contract financing clause, or Federal Acquisition Regulation 52.216-7, Allowable Cost and Payment, as applicable. (5)Receiving report. The Contractor shall ensure a receiving report meets the requirements of DFARSAppendix F. (g)WAWF Points of Contact. (1) The Contractor may obtain clarification regarding invoicing in WAWF from the following contracting activity’s WAWF points of contact. Northwest Louisiana APEX Accelerator, (318) 677-2519, apex@shreveportchamber.org (2) Contact the WAWF helpdesk at 866-618-5988, if assistance is needed. (End of clause) DAFFARS 5352.201-9101, AFGSC Ombudsman (Jul 2023) (a)An ombudsman has been appointed to hear and facilitate the resolution of concerns from offerors,potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. When requested, the ombudsman will maintain strictconfidentiality as to the source of the concern. The existence of the ombudsman does not affect theauthority of the program manager, contracting officer, or source selection official. Further, theombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals, the source selection process, or theadjudication of protests or formal contract disputes. The ombudsman may refer the interested party toanother official who can resolve the concern. (b)Before consulting with an ombudsman, interested parties must first address their concerns, issues,disagreements, and/or recommendations to the contracting officer for resolution. Consulting anombudsman does not alter or postpone the timelines for any other processes (e.g., agency level bidprotests, GAO bid protests, requests for debriefings, employee-employer actions, contests of OMBCircular A-76 competition performance decisions). (c)If resolution cannot be made by the contracting officer, the interested party may contact theombudsman, for Air Force Global Strike Command (AFGSC) acquisitions, Director of Contracts, AirForce Installation Contracting Center (AFICC), Operating Location (OL) – Global Strike Command(GSC) (AFICC/KG OL?GSC) via the following e?mail workflow address:ig.afica_kg.workflow@us.af.mil. Concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations that cannot beresolved at the Center/MAJCOM/DRU/SMC ombudsman level, may be brought by the interestedparty for further consideration to the Air Force ombudsman, Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary(ADAS) (Contracting), SAF/AQC, 1060 Air Force Pentagon, Washington DC 20330?1060, Phone number(571)256?2395, Facsimile number (571) 256?2431. (d)The ombudsman has no authority to render a decision that binds the agency. (e)Do not contact the ombudsman to request copies of the solicitation, verify offer due date, or clarifytechnical requirements. Such inquiries shall be directed to the contracting officer. (End of clause) Applicable Clauses Incorporated by Reference: FAR 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements FAR 52.204-9, Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management—Maintenance FAR 52.204-91, Contractor identification FAR 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations FAR 52.212-4, Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services FAR 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns FAR 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside FAR 52.222-3, Convict Labor FAR 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities FAR 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards FAR 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires FAR 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons FAR 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 FAR 52.223-23, Sustainable Products and Services FAR 52.225-1, Buy American-Supplies FAR 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management FAR 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors FAR 52.233-3, Protest After Award FAR 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim FAR 52.240-91, Security Prohibitions and Exclusions FAR 52.244-6, Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services DFARS 252.203-7000, Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.203-7002, Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DFARS 252.205-7000, Provision of Information to Cooperative Agreement Holders DFARS 252.211-7003, Item Unique Identification and Valuation DFARS 252.211-7008, Use of Government-Assigned Serial Numbers DFARS 252.223-7008, Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium DFARS 252.225-7001, Buy American and Balance of Payments Program DFARS 252.225-7012, Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities DFARS 252.225-7052, Restriction on the Acquisition of Certain Magnets, Tantalum, and Tungsten DFARS 252.225-7056, Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime DFARS 252.225-7060, Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DFARS 252.232-7010, Levies on Contract Payments DFARS 252.237-7010, Prohibition on Interrogation of Detainees by Contractor Personnel DFARS 252.243-7002, Requests for Equitable Adjustment DFARS 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies by Sea DAFFARS 5352.223-9000 Elimination of Use of Class I Ozone Depleting Substances (Jun 2024) DAFFARS 5352.223-9001 Health and Safety on Government Installations (Jul 2023) DAFFARS 5352.242-9000 Contractor Access to Department of the Air Force Installations (June 2024) Solicitation Attachments: Attachment 1 – Statement of Work Dated 30 March 2026 Attachment 2 – Wage Determination

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: SSgt Tyler Parsons
  - Email: tyler.parsons.3@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3184569725
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Thomas Hutchins
  - Email: thomas.hutchins.2@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3184563729

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Statement of Work Dated 30 March 2026, and Attachment 2 – Wage Determination. Period of Performance: 30 Days Contract Line Item Number (CLIN): 0001 The Contractor shall properly prep, sand, prime and paint C-45 static display aircraft in accordance with Attachment 2 – Statement of Work Dated 30 March 2026. Best Value Determination: Contract award will be based on price/technical to determine best value. Due Date and Time: •Questions must be submitted via email to the Contract Specialist and Contracting Officer listed below by 12:00 PM CST on Friday, 03 April 2026 •Answers to questions submitted in accordance with (IAW) specified due date will be provided on or around Tuesday, 07 April 2026 .•Quotes must be submitted via email to the Contract Specialist and Contracting Officer listed below by 4:00 PM CST on Thursday 09 April 2026. Points of Contact (POC): Contract Specialist: SSgt Tyler Parsons; Telephone: (318) 456-9725; Email: tyler.parsons.3@us.af.mil Contracting Officer: Thomas Hutchins; Telephone: (318) 456-3729; Email: thomas.hutchins.2@us.af.mil Applicable Provisions in Full Text: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (a)Submission of offers. Submit offers (quotes) to the POC specified in this solicitation IAW due datesand times specified in this solicitation. Quotes will include: (1)Offeror’s name/company name, address, telephone number and email address. (2)Offeror’s SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number. (3)Offerors must review Attachment 3 - Wage Determination. Be advised that FAR 52.222-55,"Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026," remains in effect as ofthe date of this solicitation. Although the executive order was rescinded, the implementing FAR clause has not yet been modified. Therefore, any conflict between the attached Wage Determination and FAR 52.222-55 will be resolved in favor of the FAR clause (4) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2. (5) Technical Plan not exceeding three (3) pages outlining how Offeror will accomplish the task outlined in (A) below. The Technical Plan should be clear, concise, and include sufficient detail for effective evaluation and to substantiate the stated information. The Technical Plan should not rephrase or restate the Government’s requirements but rather provide convincing rationale to address how the Offeror intends to meet the requirement. Offerors should assume the Government has no prior knowledge of their company or experience and will use the information in the Technical Plan to evaluate the quote. Offerors’ Technical Plan should include: (A) The manner in which the offeror will The objective of this service is to properly prep, sand, prime, and paint the Barksdale Global Power Museum C-45 static display aircraft in accordance with (IAW) Attachment 2 – Statement of Work Dated 24 March 2026. (6) A statement specifying agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b) Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. (c) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. Offerors are responsible for submitting quotes in electronic format to the listed POC by the due date and time specified in this solicitation. It is the Offeror’s responsibility to follow up with the POC to ensure quote was received on time. (d) Contract award. The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e) Debriefings. If a postaward debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1) The agency’s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror’s offer. (2) The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3) The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4) A summary of the rationale for award. (5) For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6) Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (a)Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to theresponsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to theGovernment, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: (1)Price: The total evaluated price will include the total price of all line items. The price will beevaluated based upon price and ranked lowest to highest. The price evaluation will determinewhether the proposed price is complete, fair and reasonable, and not unbalanced. (2)Technical: Lowest three (3) offers will undergo technical evaluation. The offers will then beevaluated against the requirements of this solicitation. If any or all three (3) of the lowest offersrequire a major rewrite or such substantial revision that the Offeror’s prospect for award is notrealistic, they may be considered non-responsive and removed from competition, and theGovernment may evaluate higher-priced offers. If three (3) or fewer offers are received, then allquotes received will be sent for technical evaluation. (b)Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successfulOfferor within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract withoutfurther action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept anoffer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice ofwithdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) FAR 52.252-5 Authorized Deviations in Provisions (NOV 2020) (a)The use in this solicitation of any Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1) provision withan authorized deviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the date of the provision. (b)FAR 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in Clauses (NOV 2020) (a) The use in this solicitation orcontract of any Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1) clause with an authorized deviation isindicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the date of the clause. (b) The use in this solicitation orcontract of any Defense Federal Regulation Supplement 48 CFR Chapter 2 clause with an authorizeddeviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the name of the regulation. (End of provision) Applicable Provisions Incorporated by Reference: FAR 52.203-18, Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management—Registration FAR 52.240-90, Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications DFARS 252.203-7005, Forms at on Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.204-7019, Notice of NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements DFARS 252.204-7024, Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System DFARS 252.209-7021, Prohibition Relating to Conflicts of Interest in Consulting Services Certification DFARS 252.225-7055, Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime DFARS 252.225-7059, Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region-Representation Applicable Clauses In Full Text: FAR 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in Clauses (NOV 2020) (a)The use in this solicitation or contract of any Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1)clause with an authorized deviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the date of theclause. (b)FAR 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in Clauses (NOV 2020) (a) The use in this solicitation orcontract of any Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1) clause with an authorized deviation isindicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the date of the clause. (b) The use in this solicitation orcontract of any Defense Federal Regulation Supplement 48 CFR Chapter 2 clause with an authorizeddeviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the name of the regulation (End of clause) DFARS 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions (JAN 2023) (a)Definitions. As used in this clause — “Department of Defense Activity Address Code (DoDAAC)” is a six position code that uniquelyidentifies a unit, activity, or organization. “Document type” means the type of payment request or receiving report available for creation in WideArea WorkFlow (WAWF). “Local processing office (LPO)” is the office responsible for payment certification when paymentcertification is done external to the entitlement system. “Payment request” and “receiving report” are defined in the clause at 252.232-7003 , ElectronicSubmission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports. (b)Electronic invoicing. The WAWF system provides the method to electronically process vendorpayment requests and receiving reports, as authorized by Defense Federal Acquisition RegulationSupplement (DFARS) 252.232-7003 , Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and ReceivingReports. (c)WAWF access. To access WAWF, the Contractor shall— (1)Have a designated electronic business point of contact in the System for Award Managementat https://www.sam.gov; and (2)Be registered to use WAWF at https://wawf.eb.mil/ following the step-by-step procedures forself-registration available at this web site. (d)WAWF training. The Contractor should follow the training instructions of the WAWF Web-BasedTraining Course and use the Practice Training Site before submitting payment requests through WAWF.Both can be accessed by selecting the “Web Based Training” link on the WAWF home page athttps://wawf.eb.mil/ (e)WAWF methods of document submission. Document submissions may be via web entry, ElectronicData Interchange, or File Transfer Protocol. (f)WAWF payment instructions. The Contractor shall use the following information when submittingpayment requests and receiving reports in WAWF for this contract or task or delivery order: (1)Document type. The Contractor shall submit payment requests using the following documenttype(s): (i)For cost-type line items, including labor-hour or time-and-materials, submit a costvoucher. (ii)For fixed price line items— (A)That require shipment of a deliverable, submit the invoice and receivingreport specified by the Contracting Officer. N/A (B)For services that do not require shipment of a deliverable, submit either theInvoice 2in1, which meets the requirements for the invoice and receiving report,or the applicable invoice and receiving report, as specified by the ContractingOfficer. Invoice 2in1 (iii)For customary progress payments based on costs incurred, submit a progresspayment request. (iv)For performance based payments, submit a performance based payment request. (v)For commercial financing, submit a commercial financing request. (2)Fast Pay requests are only permitted when Federal Acquisition Regulation ( FAR) 52.213-1 isincluded in the contract. (3)Document routing. The Contractor shall use the information in the Routing Data Table belowonly to fill in applicable fields in WAWF when creating payment requests and receiving reports inthe system. Routing Data Table* Field Name in WAWF Data to be entered in WAWF Pay Official DoDAAC F87700 Issue By DoDAAC FA4608 Admin DoDAAC** FA4608 Inspect By DoDAAC XXXXXX (Will be entered if solicitation results in an award) Ship To Code XXXXXX (Will be entered if solicitation results in an award) Ship From Code Not Applicable Mark For Code Not Applicable Service Approver (DoDAAC) XXXXXX (Will be entered if solicitation results in an award) Service Acceptor (DoDAAC) XXXXXX (Will be entered if solicitation results in an award) Accept at Other DoDAAC Not Applicable LPO DoDAAC Not Applicable DCAA Auditor DoDAAC Not Applicable Other DoDAAC(s) Not Applicable (4)Payment request. The Contractor shall ensure a payment request includes documentation appropriate to the type of payment request in accordance with the payment clause, contract financing clause, or Federal Acquisition Regulation 52.216-7, Allowable Cost and Payment, as applicable. (5)Receiving report. The Contractor shall ensure a receiving report meets the requirements of DFARSAppendix F. (g)WAWF Points of Contact. (1) The Contractor may obtain clarification regarding invoicing in WAWF from the following contracting activity’s WAWF points of contact. Northwest Louisiana APEX Accelerator, (318) 677-2519, apex@shreveportchamber.org (2) Contact the WAWF helpdesk at 866-618-5988, if assistance is needed. (End of clause) DAFFARS 5352.201-9101, AFGSC Ombudsman (Jul 2023) (a)An ombudsman has been appointed to hear and facilitate the resolution of concerns from offerors,potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. When requested, the ombudsman will maintain strictconfidentiality as to the source of the concern. The existence of the ombudsman does not affect theauthority of the program manager, contracting officer, or source selection official. Further, theombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals, the source selection process, or theadjudication of protests or formal contract disputes. The ombudsman may refer the interested party toanother official who can resolve the concern. (b)Before consulting with an ombudsman, interested parties must first address their concerns, issues,disagreements, and/or recommendations to the contracting officer for resolution. Consulting anombudsman does not alter or postpone the timelines for any other processes (e.g., agency level bidprotests, GAO bid protests, requests for debriefings, employee-employer actions, contests of OMBCircular A-76 competition performance decisions). (c)If resolution cannot be made by the contracting officer, the interested party may contact theombudsman, for Air Force Global Strike Command (AFGSC) acquisitions, Director of Contracts, AirForce Installation Contracting Center (AFICC), Operating Location (OL) – Global Strike Command(GSC) (AFICC/KG OL?GSC) via the following e?mail workflow address:ig.afica_kg.workflow@us.af.mil. Concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations that cannot beresolved at the Center/MAJCOM/DRU/SMC ombudsman level, may be brought by the interestedparty for further consideration to the Air Force ombudsman, Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary(ADAS) (Contracting), SAF/AQC, 1060 Air Force Pentagon, Washington DC 20330?1060, Phone number(571)256?2395, Facsimile number (571) 256?2431. (d)The ombudsman has no authority to render a decision that binds the agency. (e)Do not contact the ombudsman to request copies of the solicitation, verify offer due date, or clarifytechnical requirements. Such inquiries shall be directed to the contracting officer. (End of clause) Applicable Clauses Incorporated by Reference: FAR 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements FAR 52.204-9, Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management—Maintenance FAR 52.204-91, Contractor identification FAR 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations FAR 52.212-4, Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services FAR 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns FAR 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside FAR 52.222-3, Convict Labor FAR 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities FAR 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards FAR 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires FAR 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons FAR 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 FAR 52.223-23, Sustainable Products and Services FAR 52.225-1, Buy American-Supplies FAR 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management FAR 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors FAR 52.233-3, Protest After Award FAR 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim FAR 52.240-91, Security Prohibitions and Exclusions FAR 52.244-6, Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services DFARS 252.203-7000, Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.203-7002, Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DFARS 252.205-7000, Provision of Information to Cooperative Agreement Holders DFARS 252.211-7003, Item Unique Identification and Valuation DFARS 252.211-7008, Use of Government-Assigned Serial Numbers DFARS 252.223-7008, Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium DFARS 252.225-7001, Buy American and Balance of Payments Program DFARS 252.225-7012, Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities DFARS 252.225-7052, Restriction on the Acquisition of Certain Magnets, Tantalum, and Tungsten DFARS 252.225-7056, Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime DFARS 252.225-7060, Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DFARS 252.232-7010, Levies on Contract Payments DFARS 252.237-7010, Prohibition on Interrogation of Detainees by Contractor Personnel DFARS 252.243-7002, Requests for Equitable Adjustment DFARS 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies by Sea DAFFARS 5352.223-9000 Elimination of Use of Class I Ozone Depleting Substances (Jun 2024) DAFFARS 5352.223-9001 Health and Safety on Government Installations (Jul 2023) DAFFARS 5352.242-9000 Contractor Access to Department of the Air Force Installations (June 2024) Solicitation Attachments: Attachment 1 – Statement of Work Dated 30 March 2026 Attachment 2 – Wage Determination

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/01f8cb4b2d72476faf4a7a2b9cbd2814/view)