---
layout: default
title: F103--VAMHCS WATER CHEMICAL SUPPLY & SUPPORT CONTRACT 5 Year (Base plus 4 Option Years) PPVAMC, BAVAMC, LRVAMC
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 1f8986f0ae5d4c439030fed7c5bf643b
---

# F103--VAMHCS WATER CHEMICAL SUPPLY & SUPPORT CONTRACT 5 Year (Base plus 4 Option Years) PPVAMC, BAVAMC, LRVAMC

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-14 11:55:01.746-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0448
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Department of Veterans Affairs NCO 5 is seeking responses from entities that are interested in this procurement and consider themselves to have the resources, capabilities, and qualifications necessary to provide the services required for Loch Raven , Baltimore and Perry Pt VA Medical Centers. Please respond to this RFI/Sources Sought 36C24526Q0448 with your: 1. Business name (including Unique Entity ID (SAM.gov) 2. Business type, socio-economic status (e.g., Veteran-Owned, Woman-Owned, Disadvantaged Small Business, 8(a), etc.), and 3. Person of contact (including telephone number & email address). 4. Capability statement and summary of previous experience providing these types of services for the Veterans Health Administration or other similar facilities. 5. Available contract vehicles (GSA FSS, etc.) for use by Department of VA (include applicable NAICS) 6. Brief Summary of categories of services that your company can/cannot provide. 7. Certification(s) / Licenses for meeting the local requirements to provide these services at the Huntington VAMC (if applicable) 8. Confirmation that your organization has the capability & expertise to meet the performance requirements while complying with applicable limitations in subcontracting by responding to the questions below with your response: a. Do you intend to self-perform this effort? b. If you are located outside the immediate area, how will you self-perform? c. Or do you intend to subcontract work under this contract? d. If you intend to subcontract work under this contract, how will you ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting? Response Instructions: Responses must be received by Friday 4/24/ 2026 @ 11:00 AM EST. Responses to the information requested above must be submitted via email to William.Galletta@va.gov SCOPE OF WORK VAMC WIDE CHEMICAL SUPPLY & SUPPORT CONTRACT PPVAMC, BAVAMC, LRVAMC Background Information: This is a New Contract effort to serve all three major VAMHCS Sites which includes Perry Point VAMC, Baltimore VAMC, and Loch Raven VAMC. The purpose of such is to provide Chemicals necessary for the functioning of HVAC Equipment, Legionella prevention, and exclusive to Perry Point Water Treatment Chemicals. The Statement of Work below identifies each sites needs by different CLINs known as Contractor Line-Item Numbers with descriptive information regarding that CLINs purpose for the specific site. Although billed through different 2237 allocations, the contract is wholistic in nature such that the winning bidder serves the different needs of all 3 campuses. Needs Specific to Perry Point VAMC PERRY POINT BOILER WATER CHEMICAL & COOLING TOWER TREATMENT SERVICES A. Chemical Water Treatment Vendor will provide services and products which are approved for this specific application. This is a need-based service, varied price maintenance, repair, and technical support agreement. For the boiler plant, Vendor will provide a 25-40% alkaline catalyzed sodium bisulfite oxygen scavenger to remove dissolved oxygen from the feed water and boiler water which leads to pitting of system metallurgy. Vendor will also provide advanced polymer treatment, 25% active sodium hydroxide alkalinity treatment to help prevent deposition of minerals on the boiler heat transfer surfaces. Vendor will provide a triple blend of neutralizing amines (DEAE, Cyclohexylamine and morpholine) to neutralize the carbonic acid that naturally forms when steam condenses to a liquid. This is required to protect return line metallurgy from corrosion and premature failure. The vendor will also provide FlexPro advanced polymer treatment with halogen stable technology or approved equal for the condenser water systems to protect the condenser water systems from corrosion and scaling. Vendor will provide an oxidizing biocide stabilized liquid bromine and a non-oxidizing biocide consisting of 4% isothiazoline to control and protect the systems from microbiological organisms in accordance with ASHRAE, OSHA, CDC, and COOLING TECHNOLOGY INSTITUTE standards for Legionella Risk Minimization. They will provide legionella testing on all four cooling tower systems every 90 days. The testing will include three samples per system and shall be taken from the cooling tower sump, inlet to the condenser and outlet from the condenser. A total of (36) legionella tests shall be included in the proposal. Legionella tests must be sent to a third-party independent laboratory that follows CDC Environmental Techniques Evaluation (ELITE) protocol. B. General The Contractor shall provide the chemicals, consulting services and the handling of all chemicals (except testing reagents) as required to control corrosion, microbiological growth, scale, algae, and slime in all heat transfer equipment and the associated systems. These systems include potable water, boiler water, and the open loop condenser water systems. All chemicals supplied by the contractor shall be specifically formulated for the system in which they are being used according to the recommendations of a qualified chemist or laboratory. All chemicals, except for solid products, shall be delivered using BULK delivery system for boiler chemistry and NEAT delivery for the cooling tower chemistry using bulk and neat delivery double-walled storage tanks. The specified chemicals shall conform to all existing local, state, and federal regulations regarding water pollution, and have appropriate EPA registration and FDA approval where applicable. The contractor shall also warrant that the chemicals used in the water treatment program shall have no detrimental effect on any surfaces of the systems being treated and will bear the costs of any repairs made necessary by their use. To ensure quality control, the contract company shall be ISO-9000 certified. Invoices submitted to the VA need to include a copy of the delivery ticket showing the necessary proof the product was delivered to the Perry Point VA Medical Center. Submit sperate invoice for each delivery ticket. C. Contractor Qualifications The contractor shall provide evidence of experience in providing cooling water, boiler water, closed system, and condensate system treatment services of the types and to the extent as outlined in these specifications. Due to the extensive capital costs involved with our equipment, an experienced water treatment company is required. The Contractor shall provide evidence of successfully conducting such operations for a period of not less than twenty (20) years. The contractor shall own and operate laboratory facilities capable of performing a complete range of analytical work to assist with the monitoring, control, and troubleshooting of the facilities water systems. The successful vendor shall have a completely staffed laboratory that has at least two Ph.D. s in chemistry or related sciences. The vendor shall provide the name of the Ph.D.-level laboratory personnel, including educational background. All field personnel for the contractor servicing our facility must have a college or university degree in a technical discipline and have at least 20 years of water treatment experience. Contractors have at least two backup personnel who also have at least 10 years of water treatment experience. Since the facility will rely on the contractor for his/her troubleshooting expertise and problem-solving capabilities, the Service Engineer from the contract company must be a degreed engineering professional. The primary representative must currently provide the same size and scope of service required by our facility to at least one other federal government campus customer in Maryland. Customer name, phone number and reference information must be included in bid package. Failure to include will render the bid unresponsive. The Contractor laboratory facility shall be equipped to run the following: water analyses, deposit analyses, corrosion coupon analyses, microbiological analyses, ion exchange resin analyses, and metallurgical analyses. Contractors primary service representative for this account shall have the following certification. Within the past year-OSHA 30 Hour Safety Training. The primary representative shall also have OSHA approved HAZWOPER 40 Hour Training Certifications with annual refresher. Proof of certifications shall be submitted with bid package. At least one backup representative must have OSHA 30 Hour Safety Training. Proof of certification for backup representative must be submitted with bid package. The facility uses Walchem microprocessors to properly feed and control the blowdown and chemical feed to the condenser water systems and boiler water systems. Since these microprocessors are critical to our operations, the primary service representative and backup representative must be factory certified by Walchem in their use and operation. Training certificates must be submitted with bid package or bid will be rendered unresponsive. D. Technical Support The vendor shall have a fully staffed technical support group, including a licensed professional engineer. These personnel shall be available for consultation during normal business hours of the facility. The vendor shall submit a list of at least three (3) members of this support group, including their qualifications, phone numbers and normal working hours. E. Microbiological Testing The facility is concerned with bacterial control in water systems and the potential growth of Legionnaire s Disease Bacteria (LDB). The vendor shall provide laboratory data concerning biocidal efficacy in controlling LDB growth. The vendor shall provide chemicals to comply with the COOLING TECHNOLOGY INSTITUTE (CTI) Legionellosis Guideline: Best Practices for Control of Legionella . Contractor shall assist facility in development of a HACCP plan in Accordance with ASHRAE Standard 188P. F. Insurance Requirements The vendor shall supply a certificate of insurance indicating the types and amounts of insurance provided. The contractor shall assume the entire responsibility for and shall indemnify and save harmless the V.A. of and from all liability for injury to person, death or property damage resulting from or in any way related to the performance of the work under contract. The contractor shall also carry Comprehensive General Liability Insurance as respects bodily injuries or death in the amount of $2,000,000, property damage in the amount of $100,000 and Comprehensive Automobile Liability Insurance including all owned, and hired vehicles, with a $1,000,000 combined single limit, unless otherwise required, and shall furnish to the V.A. a certificate thereof containing such indemnification. G. Field Service Capabilities The vendor will have the capability of conducting the following on-site field tests: *Microbiological studies *Corrosion studies using corrosion coupons *Fiber-optic equipment inspections *Steam purity studies *Elution studies *Test heat exchanger studies *Dissolved oxygen studies *Spectrophotometric testing H. In-House Regulatory Affairs To ensure that all water treatment programs comply with local, state, and federal laws on environmental protection, the vendor shall have an in-house regulatory affairs group. The vendor shall provide the name and phone number of the supervisor of this group as well as documentation as to this group s capabilities. I. Equipment Repair and Replacement All pumps, controllers, water meters, piping, controls, solenoid valves, timers, and interlocks required to meet these specifications and not presently installed, shall be furnished, and installed by the veteran s administration. If the COR and the contractor agree that a conductivity controller, component, or pump is irreparable, the COR shall have a purchase order issued to the contractor for a replacement. The treatment contractor shall recommend new controllers and pumps. The water treatment contractor shall coordinate replacement of special application equipment. Replacement of defective auxiliary equipment such as water meters, solenoid valves, motorized valves, timers, and interlocks, shall be directed by the COR. The Veteran s Administration shall bear the cost of the equipment and installation if not installed in house. J. Chemical Identification, Handling and Storage The contractor shall post complete and updated Safety Data Sheets (SDS) that meet OSHA hazardous communications standards adjacent to each chemical feed station. A second set shall be provided to the COR. The vendor must supply a 24-hour, 7 day per week emergency response group who can be called for emergency information regarding chemical spills and/or accidents involving his products. The vendor shall submit the emergency phone number and a sample of documentation outlining instructions for reporting accidents and chemical spills. K. Training The vendor shall provide operator training that includes chemical testing, reporting, and understanding the chemical program s test results. Training Program to include reference manuals and audiovisual training of at least 4 hours of cooling operator training. L. Testing Requirements The contractor shall draw samples from each system as necessary, up to 24 but not less than once monthly, and shall test for: Systems Control Range Condenser Water Systems pH 9.0 maximum Cycles 4-6 Conductivity 1500 maximum (mmhos) Cu less than 0.20 ppm Fe less than 0.50 ppm Halogen (chlorine./bromine) 0.5-1.0 ppm Free residual or per label guidelines. TTA >1.0 ppm ORP 300-500 mV Total Hardness Record Microbiological <10,000 colony forming units per ml (bulk water) Boiler Water Systems Softener Total Hardness 0-1 ppm Conductivity Record Dealkalizer Total Hardness 0-1 ppm Conductivity Record M-Alkalinity 0-30 ppm Feedwater Total Hardness 0-1 ppm Conductivity Record Boilers Conductivity 3500 mmhos max. p-alkalinity 200-600 ppm QuadraSperse 200-400 ppm Sulfite 40-60 ppm Condensate Total Hardness 0-1 ppm Conductivity Record pH 8.0-9.0 While on site, the contractor shall review the building s daily water treatment logs with the engineers. The contractor shall furnish a monthly report, to be completed on site that shall contain the following information: M. Contractor Tests Results Results of inspection of water treatment equipment to insure proper operation. Results of inspection of cooling tower for leakage and overflow. Results of cooling tower bleed solenoid for proper operation, record makeup and blow down water meter readings. Notation that the engineer is or is not keeping an in-house test log and biocide test strip record and recommended corrective action for any deficiencies determined from the engineer s test log and discussions with the engineer. Note and recommend any corrective action for any deficiencies determined by the contractor s test. Notation of any changes made to the controllers or pumps. Previous and present closed system and boiler make-up water meter readings. Water balance information to show systems are not scaling. One copy of the report is to be emailed, and duplicate copies are to be submitted to VA Shop Supervisor. N. Equipment Settings and Adjustments The contractor shall perform or supervise all adjustments to conductivity controllers, timers, and pumps. Independent Testing: on a random basis, at VA s discretion, the V.A. may require the contractor to draw a duplicate sample from each system and leave it at the property to be sent for analysis by an independent laboratory. The VA shall bear the cost of the independent test. The following information must be supplied with each sample requested by the V.A.: Complete address and building system identification. Name of person to contact for information about the sample. Identification of the chemical treatment used to include company name and chemical treatment identifications. O. Contractor Response The contractor shall arrive on site for all emergency calls within four (4) hours of notification. P. Corrosion Coupons The contractor shall run corrosion coupon tests on the open recirculating systems for mild steel and copper, continuously on 60 90-day intervals. The contractor shall furnish a written report documenting corrosion rates in mils/year on 60 90-day intervals. Corrosion rates shall be maintained below 1.0 mils/year for mild steel (average corrosion) and below 0.1 mils per year for copper coupons (average corrosion). Failure to maintain specified corrosion levels can result in the termination of contract for cause. Complete Water Analyses The contractor shall perform a complete water analysis on all systems quarterly. These samples should be sent to the contractor s laboratory for analysis. Q. Project list To provide this location with optimum efficiency and effectiveness from the water treatment program, the contractor will establish a project list for each system treated. The project list contains special items that are to be accomplished by plant personnel, the contractor, or both. Items on the list are mutually agreed upon as being important / necessary. Each project on the list is given a priority, estimated starting and completion dates. The project list is reviewed and updated during regular review meetings. R. Treatment Chemicals, Cooling Tower Treatment The cooling tower shall be treated with a liquid scale and corrosion inhibitor, containing FlexPro technology or technically approved equal, Halogen stable yellow metal corrosion inhibitors, mild steel corrosion inhibitors, and scale inhibitors. The products must effectively control corrosion and scale of ferrous metals, copper, bronze, brass and galvanized. For water conservation purposes, tower cycles must be maintained at 4-6 cycles of concentration at a pH of 9.0 max. The VA doesn t want pH control using acid or related compounds. Program must keep corrosion rates below 1 mil per year for mild steel (average corrosion) and below 0.1 mils per year for copper (average corrosion). Program must keep heat transfer surfaces free of mineral scale or other deposits. If mineral scale or other deposits are found, the contractor shall chemically and mechanically clean the equipment using his own manpower at his own cost. There are (4) cooling towers at the Perry Point VA Medical Center. The cooling towers are operational April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November. Sampling of each cooling tower for Legionella by culture methodology must be performed within 7 days of startup and every 90 days during periods when the cooling tower is operational or operational-ready (i.e., cleaned, disinfected, full of water and ready for operation). At a minimum, samples must be collected from each basin/sump, and the supply to and return from the chillers. The facility is concerned with bacterial control in water systems and the potential growth of Legionnaire s Disease Bacteria (LDB). The vendor shall provide laboratory data concerning biocidal efficacy in controlling LDB growth. Total of 36 Legionella tests per year. The vendor shall provide chemicals to comply with the Cooling Technology Institute (CTI), Legionellosis Guideline: Best Practices for Control of Legionella and VA Directive 1061 (2021) Appendix D, Prevention of Legionella Disease from cooling towers at Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facilities . Contractor shall assist facility in development of a Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) plan in Accordance with ASHRAE Standard 188P. S. Biocides All biocides must be registered with the US Environmental Protection Agency. The contractor shall provide a stabilized solid oxidizing biocide as the primary biocide. The contractor shall add the oxidizing biocide or alternative product in accordance with label instructions or manufacturer s guidelines, and sufficient to maintain the desired free halogen residual. The contractor shall also provide a non-oxidizing biocide that has proven effective in the control of aerobic slime forming bacteria, algae, fungi, yeasts and molds and other organisms. The nonoxidizing biocide shall be either 4% Isothiazolin or 50% Gluteraldehyde. The contractor shall provide necessary potable water treatment that must be NSF approved and recognized and approved by MDE for use in potable water treatment facilities. The potable water treatment plant coagulant shall be USALCO DELPAC 2020 or approved equal. Jar testing shall be conducted on any approved equal at the contractor s expense. Coagulant deliveries shall also be delivered via bulk tanker trucks in 1,000--1,500-gallon loads using a 2 camlock type hose. T. Operating Data Steam production-=156,510,000 pounds per year 2021 Condensate Return-0% for calculation purposes Gallons per year makeup 14-18 million gallons per year Domestic Water Production =approximately 140 million gallons per year Assume Feedwater dissolved oxygen content is 2 ppm Natural gas use for boilers is 169,798,000 CCF per year in 2021 Boiler Pressure is 100psi Monthly service required and as needed at no extra cost Monthly legionella tests per year on all tower systems Needs Specific to Baltimore VAMC THREE AIR-COOLED TOWERS (OPEN LOOP) AND TWO (CLOSED LOOP) SYSTEMS (HEATING AND CHILLED WATER) The Contractor shall provide all personnel, management, material, parts, equipment, supplies, labor and transportation in performing routine water treatment and testing services for three (3) Baltimore Air-Cooled Towers (open loop) and two (2) closed loop system (heating and chilled water). This will include the recommended once a year for systems operated seasonally and twice a year for system operated twice a year for system operated year-round located at the Baltimore VA Medical Center. Preventive Maintenance (PM): Services which are periodic in nature and are required to maintain the equipment in such condition that it may be operated in accordance with its intended design and functional capacity with minimal incidence of malfunction or inoperative conditions. To clean, lubricate, calibrate, test and replace faulty or worn parts and/or parts which are likely to become faulty, fail or become worn, repair or adjust components, or assemblies of components as necessitated by wear, tear, damage, or failure of parts, returning the equipment and/or instrument to the operating condition defined in the manufacturer s specifications. ESR. Vendor Engineering Service Report. A documentation of services rendered for each incidence of work performance under the terms and conditions of the contract. PREVENTIVE MAINTENNANCE REQUIREMENTS A. Unless otherwise scheduled, monthly, provide routine water treatment and testing services to include at a minimum, complete water treatment services rendered by trained personnel under professional engineering supervision. Such services are designed to control and inhibit corrosion, pitting, scale formation and biological growth. This will include the following: 1. Open systems shall be serviced twice per month from May through October and monthly from November through April. 2. Closed systems will be serviced monthly year-round. 3. Vendor will furnish and apply all chemicals. 4. Inspect and adjust the water treatment equipment. Water treatment equipment is defined as, but not limited to, chemical feed tanks, bypass feeders, chemical and biocide injection pumps, solenoid valves, control panels, time clocks, agitators, and water meters as applicable. 5. The vendor shall maintain proper chemical concentrations based on normal system operation while optimizing water consumption. 6. The vendor will collect and analyze water samples and submit water analysis reports as required. 7. The vendor will perform a water sample test on each cooling tower for the presence of Legionella. This test will be performed twice each year, once at the beginning of the cooling season and once at the end of the cooling season. A written report will be provided outlining the results and any recommended corrective actions. This report must be provided within 14 calendar days of performing the test. 8. The vendor will perform unscheduled service calls at no additional charge during normal business hours as required to fulfill the requirements of this contract provided the calls are not a result of tampering or abuse by unauthorized personnel or damage caused by others. 9. Should deposits or significant biological growth occur as a result of negligence or error on the part of the water treatment service provider, the vendor will conduct chemical cleaning of all condenser tubes at no additional cost. 10. Include in the scope of work are the following: Provide for each cooling tower: o Necessary controller, timers and sensors including spill containment, and tubing to operate the various devices o Inhibitor dispenser o 2 biocide feeders+ o 4 Legionella test year Provide access real time to the data of the water chemistry of each cooling tower from a data base. The data must be in a format compatible with a Microsoft Office product Provide necessary chemicals to maintain the water chemistry of the cooling towers, chiller water and heating water systems in a manner to minimize biological growth as well as corrosion and the buildup of minerals on the surfaces of the cooling towers as well as the surfaces of the chillers and heat exchangers. Reporting B. In order to assure the successful implementation of a water chemistry program there needs to be goals and treatment level metrics. These measurements shall be taken and calculated using both real time system measurements and periodic lab testing. The metrics shall include but not limited to. Total chlorine Inhibitor level Nitrite level (closed loop) Periodic Legionella testing based on VA Directive 1061 Weekly dip slides interpretations Mild steel Corrosion rate quarterly Copper corrosion rate quarterly Aerobic and anaerobic microbial level System Turbidity The contractor shall provide a monthly report on the water chemistry, chemical usage, water usage as well as an analysis of the cycles of concentration. C. The Contractor will contact the COTR to schedule a PM at least seven (7) calendar days prior to the proposed date. Schedule changes required by the Government after approval shall be made at no additional cost if notice is provided to the Contractor five (5) calendar days or more prior to the scheduled date of accomplishment. Training D. The contractor shall provide training of the VA staff on: The basics of cooling tower operation o Their function o How they operate o Water related issued that the water treatments are designed to prevent Safety how to handle and dispose of chemicals in a safe manner Testing and troubleshooting including: o Basic testing of water parameters o Interpretation of periodic testing results and reports o Necessary information to make adjustments necessary to maintain an efficient program D. The goals of the program are the following: o Suspended solids < 25 for film fill o Total Dissolved Solids (TDS) <5,000ppm o pH balance 6.5 - 9 o Chlorides <1,500 ppm o CaCO3 < 800 ppm o Sulfates if calcium over 800 < 800 ppm if calcium is under 800 < 5,000ppm o Silica SiO2< 150 ppm o Iron <3 ppm o Manganese < 0.1 ppm o Ammonia if copper is present < 50 ppm o Cycles of Concentration 10 Needs Specific to Loch Raven VAMC: TBD

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: William Chris Galletta
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: William.Galletta@va.gov
  - Phone: 410-637-1506

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Prevention of Legionella Disease from cooling towers at Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facilities . Contractor shall assist facility in development of a Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) plan in Accordance with ASHRAE Standard 188P. S. Biocides All biocides must be registered with the US Environmental Protection Agency. The contractor shall provide a stabilized solid oxidizing biocide as the primary biocide. The contractor shall add the oxidizing biocide or alternative product in accordance with label instructions or manufacturer s guidelines, and sufficient to maintain the desired free halogen residual. The contractor shall also provide a non-oxidizing biocide that has proven effective in the control of aerobic slime forming bacteria, algae, fungi, yeasts and molds and other organisms. The nonoxidizing biocide shall be either 4% Isothiazolin or 50% Gluteraldehyde. The contractor shall provide necessary potable water treatment that must be NSF approved and recognized and approved by MDE for use in potable water treatment facilities. The potable water treatment plant coagulant shall be USALCO DELPAC 2020 or approved equal. Jar testing shall be conducted on any approved equal at the contractor s expense. Coagulant deliveries shall also be delivered via bulk tanker trucks in 1,000--1,500-gallon loads using a 2 camlock type hose. T. Operating Data Steam production-=156,510,000 pounds per year 2021 Condensate Return-0% for calculation purposes Gallons per year makeup 14-18 million gallons per year Domestic Water Production =approximately 140 million gallons per year Assume Feedwater dissolved oxygen content is 2 ppm Natural gas use for boilers is 169,798,000 CCF per year in 2021 Boiler Pressure is 100psi Monthly service required and as needed at no extra cost Monthly legionella tests per year on all tower systems Needs Specific to Baltimore VAMC THREE AIR-COOLED TOWERS (OPEN LOOP) AND TWO (CLOSED LOOP) SYSTEMS (HEATING AND CHILLED WATER) The Contractor shall provide all personnel, management, material, parts, equipment, supplies, labor and transportation in performing routine water treatment and testing services for three (3) Baltimore Air-Cooled Towers (open loop) and two (2) closed loop system (heating and chilled water). This will include the recommended once a year for systems operated seasonally and twice a year for system operated twice a year for system operated year-round located at the Baltimore VA Medical Center. Preventive Maintenance (PM): Services which are periodic in nature and are required to maintain the equipment in such condition that it may be operated in accordance with its intended design and functional capacity with minimal incidence of malfunction or inoperative conditions. To clean, lubricate, calibrate, test and replace faulty or worn parts and/or parts which are likely to become faulty, fail or become worn, repair or adjust components, or assemblies of components as necessitated by wear, tear, damage, or failure of parts, returning the equipment and/or instrument to the operating condition defined in the manufacturer s specifications. ESR. Vendor Engineering Service Report. A documentation of services rendered for each incidence of work performance under the terms and conditions of the contract. PREVENTIVE MAINTENNANCE REQUIREMENTS A. Unless otherwise scheduled, monthly, provide routine water treatment and testing services to include at a minimum, complete water treatment services rendered by trained personnel under professional engineering supervision. Such services are designed to control and inhibit corrosion, pitting, scale formation and biological growth. This will include the following: 1. Open systems shall be serviced twice per month from May through October and monthly from November through April. 2. Closed systems will be serviced monthly year-round. 3. Vendor will furnish and apply all chemicals. 4. Inspect and adjust the water treatment equipment. Water treatment equipment is defined as, but not limited to, chemical feed tanks, bypass feeders, chemical and biocide injection pumps, solenoid valves, control panels, time clocks, agitators, and water meters as applicable. 5. The vendor shall maintain proper chemical concentrations based on normal system operation while optimizing water consumption. 6. The vendor will collect and analyze water samples and submit water analysis reports as required. 7. The vendor will perform a water sample test on each cooling tower for the presence of Legionella. This test will be performed twice each year, once at the beginning of the cooling season and once at the end of the cooling season. A written report will be provided outlining the results and any recommended corrective actions. This report must be provided within 14 calendar days of performing the test. 8. The vendor will perform unscheduled service calls at no additional charge during normal business hours as required to fulfill the requirements of this contract provided the calls are not a result of tampering or abuse by unauthorized personnel or damage caused by others. 9. Should deposits or significant biological growth occur as a result of negligence or error on the part of the water treatment service provider, the vendor will conduct chemical cleaning of all condenser tubes at no additional cost. 10. Include in the scope of work are the following: Provide for each cooling tower: o Necessary controller, timers and sensors including spill containment, and tubing to operate the various devices o Inhibitor dispenser o 2 biocide feeders+ o 4 Legionella test year Provide access real time to the data of the water chemistry of each cooling tower from a data base. The data must be in a format compatible with a Microsoft Office product Provide necessary chemicals to maintain the water chemistry of the cooling towers, chiller water and heating water systems in a manner to minimize biological growth as well as corrosion and the buildup of minerals on the surfaces of the cooling towers as well as the surfaces of the chillers and heat exchangers. Reporting B. In order to assure the successful implementation of a water chemistry program there needs to be goals and treatment level metrics. These measurements shall be taken and calculated using both real time system measurements and periodic lab testing. The metrics shall include but not limited to. Total chlorine Inhibitor level Nitrite level (closed loop) Periodic Legionella testing based on VA Directive 1061 Weekly dip slides interpretations Mild steel Corrosion rate quarterly Copper corrosion rate quarterly Aerobic and anaerobic microbial level System Turbidity The contractor shall provide a monthly report on the water chemistry, chemical usage, water usage as well as an analysis of the cycles of concentration. C. The Contractor will contact the COTR to schedule a PM at least seven (7) calendar days prior to the proposed date. Schedule changes required by the Government after approval shall be made at no additional cost if notice is provided to the Contractor five (5) calendar days or more prior to the scheduled date of accomplishment. Training D. The contractor shall provide training of the VA staff on: The basics of cooling tower operation o Their function o How they operate o Water related issued that the water treatments are designed to prevent Safety how to handle and dispose of chemicals in a safe manner Testing and troubleshooting including: o Basic testing of water parameters o Interpretation of periodic testing results and reports o Necessary information to make adjustments necessary to maintain an efficient program D. The goals of the program are the following: o Suspended solids < 25 for film fill o Total Dissolved Solids (TDS) <5,000ppm o pH balance 6.5 - 9 o Chlorides <1,500 ppm o CaCO3 < 800 ppm o Sulfates if calcium over 800 < 800 ppm if calcium is under 800 < 5,000ppm o Silica SiO2< 150 ppm o Iron <3 ppm o Manganese < 0.1 ppm o Ammonia if copper is present < 50 ppm o Cycles of Concentration 10 Needs Specific to Loch Raven VAMC: TBD

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1f8986f0ae5d4c439030fed7c5bf643b/view)