---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Notice - Fiscal Year (FY) 2026 Florida Central Optimized Remediation Contract (ORC)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 8c56b106b6ee4ff7ad61576af9528beb
---

# Sources Sought Notice - Fiscal Year (FY) 2026 Florida Central Optimized Remediation Contract (ORC)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-04 15:28:45.205-05
- Solicitation Number: W9127826RA055

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS and is NOT a solicitation announcement.Market Research and Sources Sought Notice for information on capability and availability of contractors for the FY26 Florida Central Optimized Remediation Contract at Avon Park Air Force Range (AFR) and MacDill Air Force Base (AFB), Florida.The purpose of this Market Research and Sources Sought Notice is to acquire information on the number and capability of qualified Small Business and Large Business firms interested in a prospective procurement for the FY26 Florida Central Optimized Remediation Contract at Avon Park Air Force Range (AFR) and MacDill Air Force Base (AFB), Florida. This is a Sources Sought Notice, NOT a solicitation announcement. Accordingly, no contract award will result from this Sources Sought Notice, as it does not constitute a commitment by the Government. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice will be used by the government in making an appropriate acquisition decision.The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ? Mobile District to identify potential sources capable of performing environmental remediation activities at Avon Park AFR and MacDill AFB, Florida.Remediation of the site will include but is not limited to: Investigation, design, and construction of remedial systems, operation and maintenance of established remedies, optimization of remediation systems and Achievement of site-specific objectives at 24 Installation Restoration Program (IRP) sites and 3 Military Munitions Response Program (MMRP) sites. The work will be conducted under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) and Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) frameworks, with oversight from the Florida Department of Environmental Protection (FDEP). Proposed project will be a competitive, firm-fixed price, definite delivery C-Type contract procured in accordance with FAR 15, Negotiated Procurement using the Best-Value/Trade Off process. The type of set-aside decision(s) to be issued will depend upon the capabilities of the responses to this synopsis. The estimated price for this project is $20,000,000, estimated duration of the project is ten (10) years with a five (5) year base and five (5) option years.Sources being sought are firms with a North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code of 562910 with a Small Business Size Standard of 1000 employees. Responses should include the following information and shall not exceed a total of ten (10) pages:1. Offerors name, UEI code, cage code, address, points of contact with telephone numbers and e-mail addresses.2. Business size/classification to include any designations as Small Business Community: Small Business, Section 8(a), Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUB-Zone), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), [economically disadvantaged women-owned small business (EDWOSB), shall be indicated on first page of submission.3. Bonding capability (construction bonding level per single contract/task order and aggregate construction bonding level, both expressed in dollars along with current available bonding capacity.4. Past Performance Information that documents the respondents experience performing projects similar to that described above. The referenced projects should be of similar scope and magnitude and should have been completed within the last eight years. Information should be provided in the form of Contract Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS), Past Performance Questionnaires (PPQs) or by providing the following information: Project title, location, general description of the construction to demonstrate similarity to the project listed above, the Offerors role (i.e., prime contractor, subcontractor, etc.), dollar value of contract, duration, and name of the company, agency or government entity for which the work was performed with contact information (reference name, phone number and e-mail address).5. Business size/classification to include any designations as Small Business, HUBZone, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned, 8(a), Women-Owned shall be indicated on first page of submission.6. Minimum capabilities required for the selected firm must have, either in-house or through consultants, the following disciplines: Project Manager; Environmental Engineer; Chemist; Geologist; Hydrogeologist; Certified Industrial Hygienist; Chemical Engineer; Civil Engineer; Regulatory Specialist; Human Health Risk Assessor; and Ecological Risk Assessor.NO RESPONSES WILL BE ACCEPTED BY FAX OR MAIL. ALL RESPONSES MUST BE SENT via PIEE, DIRECTED to: Danielle Kachele and/or Elisha Couch. Should you have any questions, please reach out to Danielle Kachele at Danielle.l.kachele@usace.army.mil Submittals are due no later than 2:00 pm CT on Monday, April 06, 2026. Submittals will not be returned. Telephonic responses will not be honored. This is not a Request for Proposal, only a Request for Information. No award will result from this Sources Sought. This notice does not constitute any commitment by the Government. Limit response to ten (10) pages or less. Note 1: This synopsis is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government, nor will the Government pay for the information solicited. Note 2: All advertisements of Mobile District projects will be through official government points of entry. *** End of Sources Sought Notice ***

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Elisha Couch
  - Email: elisha.couch@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2516903354

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8c56b106b6ee4ff7ad61576af9528beb/view