---
layout: default
title: New CS Fiber Optics Infrastructure Rehoming Project-156th WG PR ANG
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: a0ee21d3f0fb4210bf98b8a117290e3d
---

# New CS Fiber Optics Infrastructure Rehoming Project-156th WG PR ANG

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 13:07:20.457-04
- Solicitation Number: W50S9326QA003

## Summary

Ammedment to public notice for uploading the following files: 1) Pre-Bid-Site visit Attendance Roster-Fiber Optic Rehoming 2) Pre-Bid Slides-New CS Bldg Fiber Infrastructure Rehoming No other changes are either expressed or implied ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The 156th Wing at Muñiz Air National Guard Base, Carolina, P.R is contemplating an award to perform Fiber Optic relocation to existing infrastructure to a new facility within the base, with a completion date of no later than 60 calendar days from delivery of contract. The following information, as required by FAR 12.603(c) applies. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued and reserves the right to award without discussions. Solicitation number W50S9326QA003 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ), The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-03, effective 17 January 2025, Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) Publication 17 January 2025, and the Department of the Air Force Federal Acquisition Circular 2024-1610, effective 16 October 2024. This acquisition is being solicited via SAM.gov under North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 238210, Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors. The Product Service Code (PSC) is N059, Installation of Equipment—Electrical and Electronic Equipment Components. CLIN 0001 Fiber Optic Infrastructure Re-Homing In accordance with Attachment 1, SOW and Attachment 2 Fiber Optic Distribution Paths 1 JOB The 156th Wing's located at Muñiz Air National Guard Base, Carolina, P.R primary network core node, located in Building 5, must be relocated as the building has been condemned. A new, purpose-built Communications Squadron (CS) facility has been constructed to serve as the new primary service delivery point for the installation. This project is a mission-essential action to establish the necessary fiber optic pathways to make the new CS facility fully operational and ensure the continuity of all base network operations. RESPOND BY: A) COMPLETING BLOCKS 17A ENTERING YOUR BUSINESS CAGE CODE, NAME AND TELEPHONE NUMBER AND BLOCK 30 (ALL LETTERS) OF THE SOLICITATION CONTAINED HEREIN (SF-1449) SIGNING OFFER AS FIRM AND ACCURATE WITH OFFERED PRICES REFLECTED ON SECTION B UNDER CLIN 0001. b) SUBMITTING YOUR BUSINESS CAPABILITES STATEMENT CONTAINING COMPLETED WITH RESPONSES TO QUESTIONS DESCRIBED BELOW FAILURE TO COMPLETE OFFER AS PRESCRIBED WILL RENDER OFFER AS NONRESPONSIVE. This procurement is a 100% total small business set-aside. The 156th Wing Mission Support Contracting Office, Muñiz ANGB PR intends to contract non-personnel services to provide information Technology (IT) Services. The Government shall not exercise any supervision or control over the contract service providers performing all personnel, test equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, incidentals, and other items and personal services necessary to perform the supply, installation engineer, termination and testing of new and augmented fiber optic infrastructure as specified in this solicitation Scope of Works included herein. The overall objective is to connect the new CS facility to key buildings across the installation, providing both new primary and redundant connectivity at Muñiz Air National Guard Base, Carolina Puerto Rico 00979 except for those items specified as government furnished property and services. The contractor shall perform to the standards in this contract. Such contract service providers shall be accountable solely to the Contractor who, in turn is responsible to the Government. Basis of award: Award will be made to the lowest priced quote that fulfills all the government specifications described in this solicitation, quotes that fail to meet the government’s schedule of sought items, requested documentation and all described specifications will be deemed unacceptable and disqualified from competition. This is a combined synopsis solicitation for commercial items has a designated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) 238210 with a business size in dollars of $19m. Quotes failing to meet all the terms and conditions of this solicitation; to include buy terms, line-item descriptions, and attachments, may not be evaluated for award. One (1) firm-fixed price (FFP) contract will be awarded as a result of this solicitation. Any reference to the term “bid” in this solicitation is used synonymously with the word “quote”. Please see far 13.004-legal effect of quotations. Only new items are accepted, no remanufactured, or refurbished equipment. All items must be covered by the manufacturer’s warranty. The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM TO FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services: To address complexities of sought fiber optic installation and showcase its level of effort, a Pre-Bid meeting and site visit will be held on April 24, 2026, at 200 Jose A. (Tony) Santana Ave Muñiz Air National Guard Base, Carolina Puerto Rico. (please review attendance requirements details contained in the notice). Due date to receive questions is set for April 29, 2026 at 2:00pm AST (local time). The government intends to provide their responses in or around close of business (4:00pm est), May 4, 2026. Due date to submit offers has been set for May 8, 2026, at 2:00pm AST (local time). Due to security conditions, all offerors must register to attend. Email the following information for all attendees to Angel F. Solis/Contract Specialist at the following address: angel.solis.2@us.af.mil Firm name and telephone number Visitor’s name and social security no. Real id compliant driver’s license (copy) Date of birth Citizenship This information must be provided in advance no later than April 22, 2026, at 2:00pm est (local time), in order to ensure expedient access to the military base ensure to plan accordingly to arrive early, meeting will begin at 9:30am. The furnishing of the above information is voluntary; however, your failure to furnish all or part of the requested information may result in the government’s denial of your access to the site visits. This information will be provided to the base installation security who will authorize your entrance to the site. Visitors must report at the referenced installation (s) main entry gate where the site visits will take place and be allowed the issue of a base access badge. You will be required to present the following information upon arrival: (1) vehicle registration, (2) valid driver’s license, (3) safety inspection and car rental agreement if applicable. Any of the above information furnished by you is protected under the privacy act and shall not be released unless permitted by law and/or you have consented to such. Information provided at this site visit shall not modify the terms and conditions of the solicitation and specifications. Terms of the solicitation and specifications remain unchanged unless the solicitation is amended in writing. If an amendment is issued, normal procedures relating to the acknowledgment and receipt of solicitation amendments shall apply. A record of the meeting conference shall be made and furnished to all prospective bidders via posting at https://sam.gov. public notice The record will include questions (on a non-attribution basis) and answers. Formal communication, offeror explanations: Submit all questions in the format shown below by email to the contracting office at the addresses show below. Do not contact the Civil Engineering Squadron Office (CES) directly. Doing so will only delay your answer. All questions must come through the contracting office. Subject line: reference no. Solicitation W50S9326QA003 Email: angel.solis.2@us.af.mil Pre-bid inquiry format Date of bid inquiry: _______________ From: ______________________________ company name: ________________________________ Address:__________________________________________________________________________ Phone number: _____________________________ fax number:______________________________ Email address: ________________________________________________________________________ REQUIRED CAPABILITIES, to determine your firm technical proficiency to perform please complete include the following: ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 238210, Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors with a size standard of $19M. The Product Service Code (PSC) is N059, Installation of Equipment—Electrical and Electronic Equipment Components. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND SUBMISSION DETAILS (CAPABILITIES STATEMENT) Project Scope of Works (SOW) is attached for review. Interested parties are requested to submit a capabilities statement of no more than ten (10) pages in length in Times New Roman font of not less than 10 pitch. The deadline for response to this request is no later than 2:00PM AST, 8 May 2026. All responses must be e-mailed to Angel F. Solis, Contract Specialist angel.solis.2@us.af.mil . In addition, please ensure the “Subject line” of the email clearly states you are responding to the Solicitation Synopsis for W50S9326QA003. This documentation must address at a minimum the following items: 1. What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? 2. Can or has your company managed a task of this nature? If so, please provide details. 3. Can or has your company managed a team of subcontractors before? If so, provide details. 4. What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensure capability to perform the tasks? 5. Please note that under a Small Business Set-Aside, in accordance with FAR 52.219-14, the small business prime must perform at least 50% of the work themselves in terms of the cost of performance. Provide an explanation of your company’s ability to perform at least 50% of the tasking described in this SOW for the base period. Provide a statement including business status and company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office locations, CAGE number The Government intends to award one (1) Firm Fixed Price contract. The period of performance will be 60 calendar days (2 months) from the effective date of the award, covering inspections and final acceptance. The proposed contract is anticipated to include tasking that would be accomplished by labor categories that are subject to the Service Contract Act or a collective bargaining agreement. An included Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP) is pursuant to the requirements listed in the Scope of Works (SOW) titled “Fiber Optics Infrastructure Rehoming Project” at Muniz ANG, Carolina, PR. This plan sets forth the procedures and guidelines Puerto Rico Air National Guard (PRANG) will use to ensure the required performance standards or services levels are achieved by the contractor. If the contractor meets the required service or performance level, it will be paid accordingly. DISCLAIMER: The official plans and specifications are located on the official government webpage, and the Government is not liable for information furnished by any other source. Amendments, if/when issued will be posted to Contract Opportunities for electronic downloading. This will normally be the only method of distributing amendments prior to closing; therefore, it is the offeror’s responsibility to check the website periodically for any amendments to the solicitation. Websites are occasionally inaccessible for various reasons. The Government is not responsible for any loss of Internet connectivity or for an offeror’s inability to access the documents posted on the referenced web pages. The Government will not issue paper copies. All inquiries must be in writing via email to the persons specified in the solicitation and this notice. Interested offerors must be registered in SAM. To register go to: https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ . Instructions for registering are on the web page. The solicitation and associated information and the plans and specifications will be available only from the System of Award Management (SAM.gov) website online at https://SAM.gov/. SAM.gov is a web-based dissemination tool designed to safeguard acquisition-related information for all Federal agencies. Interested bidders/offerors must register with SAM.gov before accessing the system (there is no fee for registration). Please note that due to recent fraudulent activity, the process for fully activating (and updating) a registration at SAM has changed and now requires the submission of a notarized letter to GSA. See the following link for additional information and the latest updates to this process: https://www.gsa.gov/samupdate. SAM.gov registration requires the following information: 1) Central Contractor Registration (CCR) Marketing Partner Identification Number (MPIN), 2) UNIQUE ENTITY ID (UEI) Number and CAGE Code, 3) Telephone Number, 4) Email address. Registration instructions can be found on the SAM.gov website at https://sam.gov/content/entity-registration. Please note the registration for access to the secure site takes approximately 15 business days. PLAN ACCORDINGLY. Bidders/Offerors cannot log into the SAM.gov home page and search for data. This solicitation is subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). Quoters should carefully review the attached Wage Determination. While the Wage Determination may contain language referencing the implementation of Executive Order 14026 (Increasing the Minimum Wage for Federal Contractors), the application of Executive Order 14026 and its implementing regulations under this contract are governed by the FAR. As of the date of this solicitation, Federal Acquisition Regulation FAC Number 2025-05 has not issued any amendments to FAR clause 52.222-55. Therefore, FAR clause 52.222-55, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026, as currently in effect under the FAR, will be incorporated into any resulting contract. Although Executive Order 14026 has been rescinded, implementing language and regulations rescinding FAR 52.222-55 have not been issued. Therefore, FAR 52.222-55 remains in full force and effect until formally modified or rescinded through the FAR. Quoters are responsible for understanding and complying with all applicable FAR clauses, including, but not limited to, FAR clause 52.222-55, as currently in effect. Any inconsistency between the attached Wage Determination and the requirements of FAR clause 52.222-55 shall be resolved in favor of the FAR clause. By submitting a quote in response to this solicitation, the quoter acknowledges and agrees to the terms and conditions set forth in this information. The provisions FAR 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 apply to this acquisition. For additional instructions and evaluation information, please see attachment 1.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Angel F. Solis/Contract Specialist
  - Email: angel.solis.2@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7872535238
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Maj Rolando Perez
  - Email: rolando.perez.9@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7872539537

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , SOW and Attachment 2 Fiber Optic Distribution Paths 1 JOB The 156th Wing"s located at Muñiz Air National Guard Base, Carolina, P.R primary network core node, located in Building 5, must be relocated as the building has been condemned. A new, purpose-built Communications Squadron (CS) facility has been constructed to serve as the new primary service delivery point for the installation. This project is a mission-essential action to establish the necessary fiber optic pathways to make the new CS facility fully operational and ensure the continuity of all base network operations. RESPOND BY: A) COMPLETING BLOCKS 17A ENTERING YOUR BUSINESS CAGE CODE, NAME AND TELEPHONE NUMBER AND BLOCK 30 (ALL LETTERS) OF THE SOLICITATION CONTAINED HEREIN (SF-1449) SIGNING OFFER AS FIRM AND ACCURATE WITH OFFERED PRICES REFLECTED ON SECTION B UNDER CLIN 0001. b) SUBMITTING YOUR BUSINESS CAPABILITES STATEMENT CONTAINING COMPLETED WITH RESPONSES TO QUESTIONS DESCRIBED BELOW FAILURE TO COMPLETE OFFER AS PRESCRIBED WILL RENDER OFFER AS NONRESPONSIVE. This procurement is a 100% total small business set-aside. The 156th Wing Mission Support Contracting Office, Muñiz ANGB PR intends to contract non-personnel services to provide information Technology (IT) Services. The Government shall not exercise any supervision or control over the contract service providers performing all personnel, test equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, incidentals, and other items and personal services necessary to perform the supply, installation engineer, termination and testing of new and augmented fiber optic infrastructure as specified in this solicitation Scope of Works included herein. The overall objective is to connect the new CS facility to key buildings across the installation, providing both new primary and redundant connectivity at Muñiz Air National Guard Base, Carolina Puerto Rico 00979 except for those items specified as government furnished property and services. The contractor shall perform to the standards in this contract. Such contract service providers shall be accountable solely to the Contractor who, in turn is responsible to the Government. Basis of award: Award will be made to the lowest priced quote that fulfills all the government specifications described in this solicitation, quotes that fail to meet the government’s schedule of sought items, requested documentation and all described specifications will be deemed unacceptable and disqualified from competition. This is a combined synopsis solicitation for commercial items has a designated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) 238210 with a business size in dollars of $19m. Quotes failing to meet all the terms and conditions of this solicitation; to include buy terms, line-item descriptions, and attachments, may not be evaluated for award. One (1) firm-fixed price (FFP) contract will be awarded as a result of this solicitation. Any reference to the term “bid” in this solicitation is used synonymously with the word “quote”. Please see far 13.004-legal effect of quotations. Only new items are accepted, no remanufactured, or refurbished equipment. All items must be covered by the manufacturer’s warranty. The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM TO FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services: To address complexities of sought fiber optic installation and showcase its level of effort, a Pre-Bid meeting and site visit will be held on April 24, 2026, at 200 Jose A. (Tony) Santana Ave Muñiz Air National Guard Base, Carolina Puerto Rico. (please review attendance requirements details contained in the notice). Due date to receive questions is set for April 29, 2026 at 2:00pm AST (local time). The government intends to provide their responses in or around close of business (4:00pm est), May 4, 2026. Due date to submit offers has been set for May 8, 2026, at 2:00pm AST (local time). Due to security conditions, all offerors must register to attend. Email the following information for all attendees to Angel F. Solis/Contract Specialist at the following address: angel.solis.2@us.af.mil Firm name and telephone number Visitor’s name and social security no. Real id compliant driver’s license (copy) Date of birth Citizenship This information must be provided in advance no later than April 22, 2026, at 2:00pm est (local time), in order to ensure expedient access to the military base ensure to plan accordingly to arrive early, meeting will begin at 9:30am. The furnishing of the above information is voluntary; however, your failure to furnish all or part of the requested information may result in the government’s denial of your access to the site visits. This information will be provided to the base installation security who will authorize your entrance to the site. Visitors must report at the referenced installation (s) main entry gate where the site visits will take place and be allowed the issue of a base access badge. You will be required to present the following information upon arrival: (1) vehicle registration, (2) valid driver’s license, (3) safety inspection and car rental agreement if applicable. Any of the above information furnished by you is protected under the privacy act and shall not be released unless permitted by law and/or you have consented to such. Information provided at this site visit shall not modify the terms and conditions of the solicitation and specifications. Terms of the solicitation and specifications remain unchanged unless the solicitation is amended in writing. If an amendment is issued, normal procedures relating to the acknowledgment and receipt of solicitation amendments shall apply. A record of the meeting conference shall be made and furnished to all prospective bidders via posting at https://sam.gov. public notice The record will include questions (on a non-attribution basis) and answers. Formal communication, offeror explanations: Submit all questions in the format shown below by email to the contracting office at the addresses show below. Do not contact the Civil Engineering Squadron Office (CES) directly. Doing so will only delay your answer. All questions must come through the contracting office. Subject line: reference no. Solicitation W50S9326QA003 Email: angel.solis.2@us.af.mil Pre-bid inquiry format Date of bid inquiry: _______________ From: ______________________________ company name: ________________________________ Address:__________________________________________________________________________ Phone number: _____________________________ fax number:______________________________ Email address: ________________________________________________________________________ REQUIRED CAPABILITIES, to determine your firm technical proficiency to perform please complete include the following: ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 238210, Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors with a size standard of $19M. The Product Service Code (PSC) is N059, Installation of Equipment—Electrical and Electronic Equipment Components. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND SUBMISSION DETAILS (CAPABILITIES STATEMENT) Project Scope of Works (SOW) is attached for review. Interested parties are requested to submit a capabilities statement of no more than ten (10) pages in length in Times New Roman font of not less than 10 pitch. The deadline for response to this request is no later than 2:00PM AST, 8 May 2026. All responses must be e-mailed to Angel F. Solis, Contract Specialist angel.solis.2@us.af.mil . In addition, please ensure the “Subject line” of the email clearly states you are responding to the Solicitation Synopsis for W50S9326QA003. This documentation must address at a minimum the following items: 1. What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? 2. Can or has your company managed a task of this nature? If so, please provide details. 3. Can or has your company managed a team of subcontractors before? If so, provide details. 4. What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensure capability to perform the tasks? 5. Please note that under a Small Business Set-Aside, in accordance with FAR 52.219-14, the small business prime must perform at least 50% of the work themselves in terms of the cost of performance. Provide an explanation of your company’s ability to perform at least 50% of the tasking described in this SOW for the base period. Provide a statement including business status and company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office locations, CAGE number The Government intends to award one (1) Firm Fixed Price contract. The period of performance will be 60 calendar days (2 months) from the effective date of the award, covering inspections and final acceptance. The proposed contract is anticipated to include tasking that would be accomplished by labor categories that are subject to the Service Contract Act or a collective bargaining agreement. An included Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP) is pursuant to the requirements listed in the Scope of Works (SOW) titled “Fiber Optics Infrastructure Rehoming Project” at Muniz ANG, Carolina, PR. This plan sets forth the procedures and guidelines Puerto Rico Air National Guard (PRANG) will use to ensure the required performance standards or services levels are achieved by the contractor. If the contractor meets the required service or performance level, it will be paid accordingly. DISCLAIMER: The official plans and specifications are located on the official government webpage, and the Government is not liable for information furnished by any other source. Amendments, if/when issued will be posted to Contract Opportunities for electronic downloading. This will normally be the only method of distributing amendments prior to closing; therefore, it is the offeror’s responsibility to check the website periodically for any amendments to the solicitation. Websites are occasionally inaccessible for various reasons. The Government is not responsible for any loss of Internet connectivity or for an offeror’s inability to access the documents posted on the referenced web pages. The Government will not issue paper copies. All inquiries must be in writing via email to the persons specified in the solicitation and this notice. Interested offerors must be registered in SAM. To register go to: https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ . Instructions for registering are on the web page. The solicitation and associated information and the plans and specifications will be available only from the System of Award Management (SAM.gov) website online at https://SAM.gov/. SAM.gov is a web-based dissemination tool designed to safeguard acquisition-related information for all Federal agencies. Interested bidders/offerors must register with SAM.gov before accessing the system (there is no fee for registration). Please note that due to recent fraudulent activity, the process for fully activating (and updating) a registration at SAM has changed and now requires the submission of a notarized letter to GSA. See the following link for additional information and the latest updates to this process: https://www.gsa.gov/samupdate. SAM.gov registration requires the following information: 1) Central Contractor Registration (CCR) Marketing Partner Identification Number (MPIN), 2) UNIQUE ENTITY ID (UEI) Number and CAGE Code, 3) Telephone Number, 4) Email address. Registration instructions can be found on the SAM.gov website at https://sam.gov/content/entity-registration. Please note the registration for access to the secure site takes approximately 15 business days. PLAN ACCORDINGLY. Bidders/Offerors cannot log into the SAM.gov home page and search for data. This solicitation is subject to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). Quoters should carefully review the attached Wage Determination. While the Wage Determination may contain language referencing the implementation of Executive Order 14026 (Increasing the Minimum Wage for Federal Contractors), the application of Executive Order 14026 and its implementing regulations under this contract are governed by the FAR. As of the date of this solicitation, Federal Acquisition Regulation FAC Number 2025-05 has not issued any amendments to FAR clause 52.222-55. Therefore, FAR clause 52.222-55, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026, as currently in effect under the FAR, will be incorporated into any resulting contract. Although Executive Order 14026 has been rescinded, implementing language and regulations rescinding FAR 52.222-55 have not been issued. Therefore, FAR 52.222-55 remains in full force and effect until formally modified or rescinded through the FAR. Quoters are responsible for understanding and complying with all applicable FAR clauses, including, but not limited to, FAR clause 52.222-55, as currently in effect. Any inconsistency between the attached Wage Determination and the requirements of FAR clause 52.222-55 shall be resolved in favor of the FAR clause. By submitting a quote in response to this solicitation, the quoter acknowledges and agrees to the terms and conditions set forth in this information. The provisions FAR 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 apply to this acquisition. For additional instructions and evaluation information, please see attachment 1

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a0ee21d3f0fb4210bf98b8a117290e3d/view)