---
layout: default
title: 30--SUPPORT,CYLINDER, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: b4d4e067e51d44f4a227ba4b8ed57b28
---

# 30--SUPPORT,CYLINDER, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 07:14:05.065-04
- Solicitation Number: N0038326QLA56

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N792.11|T2T|N/A|katlyn.m.galetto.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE OF SUPPLIES|26|X||||||||||X|||||||||||||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16| Invoice and Receiving Report (Combo) Type|Source|TBD|N00383|TBD|TBD|See Schedule|TBD||||||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUN 2003)|6|365 Days then F6 One year from the last delivery.| 45 day after discovery of the defect.||||| EQUAL OPPORTUITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| LIMITATIONS ON PASS-THROUGH CHARGES (JUN 2020)|1|| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM (FEB 2024)|1|| ROYALTY INFORMATION (APR 1984)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND 2025-O0004))|12|333613|750||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, ANDENERGY PROGRAM USE (APR 2008))|2||DO-A1A | This solicitation will be using competitive procedures. This solicitation is for repair. This requirement will be awarded to the offeror based on the following evaluation criteria. Offers will be evaluated based on the non-price factors of capacity, delivery, and past performance, and when combined, those non-price factors being more important than price. Proposal submission should include non-price factors and price on one document. If only one offer is received, the competitive procedures will shift to sole source negotiations. The closing date for this solicitation is listed on page 1. The quotes may be e-mailed to the below address and must be received on or before 2:00 PM EST of the closing date. Offers received after the closing date are considered to be late and will not be considered for award. The offeror shall submit one unit price per CLIN and the unit price should be firm fixed price. Tiered pricing will not be accepted or evaluated. The Government physically does not have in its possession sufficient, accurate,or legible data to contract with other than the current source(s). These items require Government Source Approval prior to award. If you are not an approved source, you must submit, together with your proposal, the information detailed in the NAVSUP WSS Source Approval Brochure which can be obtained on the internet at h https://www.navsup.navy.mil/public/navsup/wss/business_opps/ Offers received which fail to provide all data required by the source approval brochure will not be considered for award under this solicitation. For information or questions regarding this notice, please contact Katlyn Galetto at the email address: Katlyn.m.galetto.civ@us.navy.mil. NAVSUP WSS Requests proposals submitted in response to this solicitation remain valid for a minimum of 120 days following submission. Source Approval Statement applies to this NSN. This is a limited competition;approved sources are: DRAFTCO INCORPORATED (1M994) and THE ENTWISTLE COMPANY (20722)expected that award will be made to one of these firms. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are consideredto be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, tfransmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as e-mail. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to issue contractual documents as detailed herein. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 . Markings shall be in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

1.2 PRE-AWARD / POST AWARD REQUIREMENTS: Due to the critical use of this item and its quality history, a pre-award survey and post-award conference may be required for all new manufacturers. For all previous sources, a post-award conference may be recommended.

1.3 The components being acquired under this solicitation have been classified as Flight Critical requiring engineering source approval by the Naval Air Systems Command. Only those companies who have submitted requests for source approval and been approved will be eligible for award under this solicitation. Any company not previously approved may submit a Source Approval Request to the contracting officer, Naval Inventory Control Point, (See Block 10 of the SF33 for name and code). The Source Approval Request shall contain the following documentation and shall be submitted by the closing date of this solicitation: (A) Copy of complete configuration drawings for a similar item(s) which your company has produced within the past three years, including test procedures for which your company (1) has been qualified to manufacture and (2) which is similar, i.e., requires the same materials, manufacturing processes, inspections, tolerances and similar application as the item(s) for which you are seeking approval. (B) Copy of the complete process/operation sheets used to manufacuture the similar item, including but not limited to, detailed shop sketches. These plans must note those operations and processes performed by subcontractors/ vendors. (C) Complete copies of purchase orders, shipping documents, etc. that document delivery of production quantities of the part to the Original Equipment Manufacturer or Military service. Provide the most recent copies of the documents. (D) A detailed comparative analysis of the differences/similarities between the similar part and the part(s) for which you are seeking approval. This analysis should include materials, configuration, tolerances, process requirements, dimensions, castings, forgings, etc. (E) Copy of inspection method sheets used in the manufacturing and at final inspection. These sheets should include actual tolerance, print requirements, inspection devices, sources performing the operation and level of inspection. Critical characteristics should be discernible from all other characteristics. The above requirements are a subset of requirements specified in the ASO Source Approval Information Brochure dated January 1995. The submission of this data subset is contingent upon and in consideration of the submitting contractor meeting all other requirements specified in this solicitation to include a bilateral agreement with MDA which includes availability of complete data, MRB disposition, etc. Any company not having such agreement, but desiring to seek engineering source approval, will be required to submit data meeting all requirements of the ASO/NAVICP Source Approval Brochure.

1.4 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system enabling the launch and/or recovery of aircraft. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in a serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems or loss of aircraft. Therefore,the material has been designated as Critical material and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material.

1.5 Articles to be furnished hereunder shall be manufactured, tested and inspected in accordance with ;3491AS0504; drawing number ( ;80020; ) ;MOST CURRENT REVISION; , Revision ;NAWCADLKE DRAWING PACKAGE; and all details and specifications referenced therein.

1.6 Unless expressly provided for elsewhere in this clause, equipment such as fixtures, jigs, dies, patterns, mylars, special tooling, test equipment, or any other manufacturing aid required for the manufacture and/or testing of the subject item(s) will not be provided by the Government or any other source and is the sole responsibility of the contractor. The foregoing applies notwithstanding any reference to such equipment or the furnishing thereof that may be contained in any drawing or referenced specification.

1.7 If MIL-STD-454 is referenced in the drawings or in the specification, the contractor is expected to show compliance with IPC/EIAJ-STD-001C. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS - NOT APPLICABLE 3. REQUIREMENTS Unique Requirements: a. All records pertaining to ALRE CSI/CAI manufacture and inspection/test shall be provided to the ALRE Cognizant Technical Authority. All records shall be maintained by LKE QA and by the manufacturer for a period of seven years. b. The contractor/overhaul activity shall provide the repair procedure they will follow to NAWCADLKE engineering for review and approval prior to commencing repairs. The repair procedure shall be forwarded per the Overhaul/Repair Procedure CDRL provided in this document. In addition to the repair CDRL, if the repair procedure contains any Additional overhaul work not described in the drawing package or in a previously approved repair procedure, the overhauling contractor shall also submit an REI to Lakehurst engineering requesting approval of that additional work. NAWCADLKE engineering POC is Kelly.a.caffarello.civ@us.navy.mil 2. Interim Inspection Requirements: The following item(s) requires anInterim Inspection at the contractor?s location: a.P/N 3491AS0504-4; Support Cylinder, Retractable Sheave Assembly (CSI): i.Witness of magnetic particle inspection of the cladded area prior to cladding per Note 15.d of Drawing 3491AS0504. ii. Witness of dimensional inspection of the cladded area prior to cladding per Note 15.e of Drawing 3491AS0504. 3. ALRE CSI parts require certification. a. When certified, an ALRE part is marked with a Material Identification Code (MIC). NAWCADLKE QA will provide the MIC to DCMA if the component is source accepted, and after receipt of all associated data. Application of MIC shall be in the same methodology as the drawing note for part marking, and in same area as part marking (next to, above, or below). 4. Receipt inspection and Certification of Sub-Components: N/A 5. Receipt Inspection and Certification of the Top Assembly: a. The receipt Inspection and Certification of the Top Assembly, P/N 3491AS0504-4, shall occur during the final inspection. 6. Contractor Assist and Part Marking: a. The contractor shall assist on the conduct of the inspections (both final and interim) required that are necessary to certifythe critical items specified herein. The contractor shall provide adequate facilities, inspection equipment, and skilled personnel, to support the NAWCADLKE Inspector in the conduct of the interim inspection(s). The contractor shall provide gauges, tools, fixtures,and jigs necessary to perform the inspections. The contractor shall also provide sufficient rigging/material handling services and manpower to setup/configure/ operate equipment & machines used to accomplish the inspection task. This contractor assist requirement shall be applicable to 100% of the production quantities. As part of the MRI process, the NAWCADLKE QA representative will provide, in writing, a certification number along with direction for marking the Critical Safety Items (CSI). QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS The paragraphs shown below, when referenced on the QM1006 checklist, provide the detailed Quality Assurance requirements to be used for the particular procurement. These paragraphs shall only apply when the corresponding "Yes" block has been checked on the associated checklist. 1.The solicitation/contract shall contain the NAWCADLKE inspection surveillance clause as follows: a.Because of the critical nature of this material, a representative of the Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division Lakehurst (NAWCADLKE) is available to furnish technical assistance on Quality Assurance (QA) matters and shall have the option of conducting QA surveillance for the first lot produced under this contract (and all subsequent lots if necessary). This requirement will be performed in conjunction with the government QAS of the cognizant Defense Contract Management Activity and does not abrogate the authority or responsibility of the designated government QAS. The contractor agrees to notify jose.g.torraca.civ@us.navy.mil, NAWC QA section Code BL41600, Lakehurst, NJ 08733-5035 and the PCO when the material is scheduled to be presented to the DCMA government QAS for Government inspection and acceptance. This notice shall afford the NAWCADLKE QA representative the option of being present during the inspection. A minimum of fourteen (14) working days is required to arrange the surveillance visit. Notification shall include the following information: Company Name, Cage Code, Phone number, Fax number, Contract number, Point of Contact,Part Nomenclature, Part Number, NIIN, Type of Inspection, and Quantity of parts. b.N/A 2.The contractor shall perform Quality Conformance and Lot Sampling Inspection for all associated features that are present in the drawings and specifications: a.Features/attributes/requirements classified as Critical and Major on the drawing(s) or within the technical specification shall be inspected and shall have the actual dimensions documented 100%; b.Attributes for plating, hardness, and non-destructive testing shall be inspected 100%; c.Class 3 Threads, dimensions, and geometric feature controls with a tolerance range of .010 or less shall be inspected using an AQL of 1.5 and the General Inspection Level II as defined by ANSI Z1.4 d. Minor Characteristics: Sampling shall be inspected using an AQL of 4.0 and the General Inspection Level II as de-fined by ANSI Z1.4. 3.The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system supporting the launch and/or recovery of aircraft. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in a serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of aircraft. Therefore, the material has been designated as Critical Safety Item (CSI) material and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 4.First Article Testing: N/A 5.Production Lot Special Tests: N/A 6.For purposes of this TDR, the term NDT shall refer to the following methods: MT - Magnetic Particle Testing, PT - Penetrant Inspection, UT - Ultrasonic Testing, RT - Radiographic Testing, and VT - Visual Testing. 7.Companies performing NDT shall be NADCAP accredited, or a laboratory accredited by one of the organizations listed below as satisfying ISO 17025 (General requirements for the competence of testing and calibration laboratories). NDT certificates shall be bear the symbols of accreditation and the accreditation body a. American Association for Laboratory Accreditation (A2LA) b. ANSI National Accreditation Board (ANAB) c. International Accreditation Service, Inc. (IAS) d. National Voluntary Laboratory Accreditation Program (NVLAP) e. Perry Johnson Laboratory Accreditation, Inc. (PJLA) f. Canadian Association for Laboratory Accreditation Inc. (CALA) g. Standards Council of Canada (SCC) 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 . Mandatory Inspection Requirements: 100% Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) mandatory inspection is required and shall be accomplished at source under the surveillance and final approval of the cognizant DCMAO Quality Assurance Representative (QAR). During production, mandatory inspection is required to be accomplished by the contractor as follows: A. Level of Inspection (LOI). 1. Critical characteristics: 100% inspection shall apply. 2. Major and Minor characteristics: LOI shall be in accordance with a sampling plan acceptable to the QAR. B. Critical characteristics: ;APPLIES; C. Major and Minor characteristics 1. Shall be defined by the contractor subject to QAR concurrence, unless defined on applicable drawings and associated specifications.

4.2 SPECIAL INSPECTION REQUIREMENTS ( ;APPLIES; ) MAGNETIC PARTICLE INSPECTION ( ;APPLIES; ) SURFACE INSPECTION ( ; ; ) PENETRANT INSPECTION ( ; ; ) RADIOGRAPHIC INSPECTION ( ; ; ) ULTRSONIC INSPECTION ( ; ; ) HIGH SHOCK TEST ( ; ; ) MECHANICAL VIBRATION TEST

4.3 FINAL INSPECTION REQUIREMENT:Due to the critical nature of this item, representatives of the buying office/and the cognizant field activity, NAWC Lakehurst, shall be notified by the successful contractor at least 14 days prior to presentation to the DCM QAR of the items for final inspection so that they may have the option of witnessing the final inspection. The contractor shall notify by email or TELEFAX PCO and NAWC Lakehurst QA ; ; to arrange for the final inspection.The authority of the QAR shall not be abrogated. If the notification is not given to both sites then the QAR shall not accept the units. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE THIS IS AN ALRE CRITICAL SAFETY ITEM. FOR DRAWING UPDATES, SEE ATTACHED NAWC LKE DRAWING UPDATE SHEET. NAVSUP WSS REFERENCE ONLY: REPAIR TDR 25-10134 WAS UTILIZED IN SUPPORT OF THIS SOLICIATION/CONTRACT. THE COMPONENTS BEING ACQUIRED UNDER THIS SOLICITATION HAVE BEEN CLASSIFIED AS "CRITICAL" REQUIRING ENGINEERING SOURCE APPROVAL BY NAVAL AIR SYSTEMS COMMAND. ONLY THOSE COMPANIES WHO HAVE SUBMITTED AND BEEN APPROVED WILL BE ELIGIBLE FOR AWARD UNDER THIS SOLICITATION. ANY COMPANY MAY SUBMIT A SOURCE APPROVAL REQUEST AS OUTLINED IN THIS SOLICITATION. \ DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ 12. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION Prior to commencing overhaul 16. REMARKS If the extent of the repair effort for this assembly is beyond the scope of the existing NAWCADLKE/NAVAIR approved overhaul/repair procedure for this assembly, then the overhauling contractor or activity shall provide a step-by-step overhaul procedure for disassembly and reassembly. NAWCADLKE engineering POC is kelly.a.caffarello.civ@us.navy.mil. The overhaul procedure shall be subject to NAVAIR approval prior to commencing overhaul. The procedure shall include SUGGESTED quality assurance "hold points" as required to ensure that any CSI/CAI components or processes that cannot be adequately inspected at final assembly are accessible for proper interim inspection. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ 12. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION Concurrently with Final Inspection 16. REMARKS Data Requirements a. Copies of all approved requests for variations. b. Paint removal per Note 15a of Drawing 3491AS0504. c. HVOF coating removal per Note 15b of Drawing 3491AS0504. d. Machining of base metal to accept new cladding per Note 15c of Drawing 3491AS0504. e. Magnetic particle inspection per Note 15d of Drawing 3491AS0504. f. Laser cladding per Note 15e of Drawing 3491AS0504. g. Finish machining per Note 15f of Drawing 3491AS0504. h. Identification per Note 15g of Drawing 3491AS0504.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2156976549
  - Email: KATLYN.M.GALETTO.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b4d4e067e51d44f4a227ba4b8ed57b28/view)