---
layout: default
title: Tucson [AZ] & Sierra [CA] Material Handling Equipment Maintenance Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 6502f454877944e59fc44bdd7fc897e3
---

# Tucson [AZ] & Sierra [CA] Material Handling Equipment Maintenance Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 10:38:57.752-04
- Solicitation Number: SP451026Q1002

## Summary

========================================================================= Amendment 1 Amendment 1 is issued to extend the solicitation closing date until 20 February 2026 at 3:00 PM EST. Solicitation now closes: 20 February 2026 at 3:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. No other changes at this time. ========================================================================= This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is SP4510-26-Q-1002 and is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). This solicitation and incorporated provisions and clauses are in effort through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06. See Attachment 3 - Performance Work Statement and applicable provisions and clauses. The NAICS code is 811310 with a size standard of $12,500,000 set aside 100% for Small Business and the requirement will result in one (1) 12-month base period of performance plus two (2) 12-month option periods of performance as a Firm Fixed Priced, Time and Material Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract. The total contract length shall not exceed three (3) years. Background: The primary mission of the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Disposition Services is to dispose of Department of Defense (DoD) excess and surplus property generated by the military services. This is accomplished through reutilization to other DoD activities, transfer to other Federal agencies, donation to authorized state and local organizations, sale to the public, or ultimate disposal through abandonment or destruction. DLA Disposition Services Headquarters is in Battle Creek, Michigan, with a variety of field sites worldwide. DLA Disposition Services is responsible for managing the DoD Surplus Property Program. To accomplish this mission, DLA Disposition Services is seeking to have Preventative and Corrective Maintenance Repair services on Material Handling Equipment (MHE) in accordance with the attached Performance Work Statement for DLA Disposition Services Tucson [Arizona] and Sierra [California] locations. This requirement is a Firm Fixed Priced Time and Material contract. Pricing must be Fixed Price for the entirety of services quoted for scheduled preventive maintenance services. Time and materials will only be used for unscheduled corrective maintenance services to include part and labor hours. The site locations are listed in Attachment 3 – PWS Sierra Tucson MHE Maintenance and the equipment listings are in Attachment 1 – Equipment Listing. Offers are due at 5:00 PM Eastern Time (ET), on Friday, February 13, 2026. Email quotes to konni.small@dla.mil and esteban.m.gancer@dla.mil. Questions are due Friday, January 30, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET and must be submitted in writing via email to konni.small@dla.mil and esteban.m.gancer@dla.mil. Questions will not be answered via telephone. Questions that occur after the cut-off, but are considered to be significant to the requirement, may be accepted and discussed only with those vendors that have submitted a quote. INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS: Submit quotes by email to konni.small@dla.mil and esteban.m.gancer@dla.mil no later than the specified date and time. Attention should be noted to FAR 52.212-1(f), concerning late submissions. The offeror bears the risk of non-receipt of any email transmissions and should ensure that all pages of the quote have been received by the designated office before the deadline indicated. Email submissions by 5:00 pm ET one business day prior to the due date and time are encouraged to reduce the possibility of server or other cyber-related delays that may render your response as ineligible for consideration. Offerors shall provide the applicable CAGE code and UEI number with their price submission. The information located in FAR 52.212-3 ALT 1 (Offerors Representations and Certifications) must be current on SAM.gov at the time of quote submission. Offerors shall also submit documentation clearly stating the technical specifications of the quoted service. Site Visits are not being supported for this action in advance of the response deadline. EVALUATION: FAR 52.212-1: QUOTE SUBMISSION (FORMAT AND CONTENT): The following describes the information that must be furnished as part of the quote and the format which must be presented. Quotes which do not provide the required information in the prescribed format at the time of initial submittal may be excluded from further consideration. Offerors shall return a completed and filled-out Attachment 2 – Price Schedule. A quote received without filling in all parts of the attachment will not be considered for an award. All quotes shall be valid for 90 calendar days. Offerors are strongly encouraged to read Provision FAR 52.212-1, “INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS – COMMERCIAL ITEMS”. FORMAT: The offeror shall submit documentation (one original electronic form, standard Microsoft Word and / or Excel, and / or PDF files) in response to this solicitation subject to the requirements in this provision. CONTENT: Quotes shall be submitted in distinctly severable parts consisting of the following volumes: Volume 1 and Volume 2. Quote submissions will consist of one original if submitted by facsimile or electronically: an original and two copies if submitted by mail. If multiple electronic files are submitted, each electronic file shall identify it as part of Volume 1 or 2. Any information submitted in an electronic file that does not include volume identification in its name or upon opening, shall not be considered in any evaluation being performed under FAR 52.212-2. VOLUME 1: For Volume 1, Section 1 in accordance with FAR 52.212-1(b) Submission of offers, each company providing a quote will submit a signed and dated offer clearly stating the technical specifications of the quoted service that will consist of FAR 52.212-1(b)(1) thru 52.212-1(b)(11) except FAR 52.212-1(b)(10) Past Performance Information. FAR 52.212-1(b)(10) information shall be in Volume 2. Volume 1, Section II requires each offeror to submit a fully completed price schedule (Attachment 2 – Price Schedule). VOLUME 2: Past Performance Questionnaire The offeror is required to provide any current relevant information regarding the level of performance, in terms of delivery and quality achieved under either US Government or commercial contracts for the same or similar services within the last five (5) years. The information provided should support a qualitative review of the offeror; and/or; record of performance in the areas of conforming to specifications, adherence to contract schedules, history of reasonable and cooperative behavior, commitment to customer satisfaction, and business-like concern for the interest of your customer. Additionally, if performance deficiencies were identified, what they were and what corrective action was taken. Offerors shall submit past performance data for either the firm; and/or principal subcontractor(s); and/or key employees of the firm. For each reference provided, a valid name and telephone number, contract number, contract type, dollar value, contract award and completion dates, point of contact, description of worked performed, and e-mail address of point of contact is required. The description of work performed shall be described in sufficient detail to explain how each reference relates to same or similar requirements of this solicitation in areas such as type of equipment maintained, performance timeframes, performance locations, management of a similar size equipment fleet, and complexities of services (to determine the relevancy of the work). If the offeror elects to provide principal subcontractor past performance, the offeror shall provide the principal subcontractors’ consent allowing the US Government to disclose negative past performance information to the offeror. Reference projects and corresponding reference questionnaires are limited to three (3) projects considered by the offeror to be the most relevant to the requirements of this solicitation. If more than three projects with reference questionnaires are received, the US Government will consider the first three projects received based upon the date and time the reference questionnaire are received. Attachment 4 – Past Performance Questionnaire shall be used to evaluate an offeror’s past performance. The offeror shall provide the past performance questionnaire in Attachment 4 to the past performance reference they identify in this part of the quotes for the offeror, principal subcontractors and key personnel. The past performance reference shall independently submit the survey to the Contracting Officer prior to the closing date of the solicitation. Any completed past performance questionnaire received after closing date and time of this combined synopsis/solicitation or directly from the offeror will not be considered in the past performance evaluation. The US Government will not evaluate a reference listed in the past performance Volume 2 if no corresponding past performance questionnaire is received from a reference for that contract. This will have the effect of the offeror being given a Neutral rating for that portion of their overall evaluation, regardless of the type of experience or its similarity to this requirement. Past performance questionnaires must be received by the due date for receipt of quotes for the information to be considered. Offerors are cautioned that due to mail delivery times to the U.S., it is highly recommended that all contract references requested to provide surveys scan the documents into Adobe.pdf format and emailed to konni.small@dla.mil and esteban.m.gancer@dla.mil with a reference to the solicitation, SP4510-26-Q-1002 Tucson and Sierra MHE Maintenance Services in the subject heading. The submission of volume 2 past performance is required. If an offeror does not have any past performance references, offerors must at least identify a Volume 2 in their quote and state they do not have any past performance to provide. If the US Government only receives a past performance questionnaire from a past performance reference and there is no information in an offeror’s quotes regarding that reference (see paragraph above), the reference will not be considered. The offeror is responsible for ensuring references submit past performance questionnaires prior to solicitation closure; the US Government will not be contacting references for purposes of obtaining the questionnaire. ADDENDUM TO 52.212-2 EVALUATION – COMMERCIAL ITEMS Evaluation Factors for Award: Trade-Off Process. Award shall be made to the responsible offeror whose quote conforms to the solicitation and is determined to be the most advantageous to the Government, past performance and price considered. The offer selected as best value will represent the best trade-off to the Government among past performance and price. Past performance will be significantly more important than price. The Government will determine best value based on an assessment of the following factors: 1. Past Performance factor: The Government will evaluate past performance in accordance with the past performance questionnaire and evaluation clause in this combined synopsis/solicitation. 2. Price Factor: The Government will evaluate the offered prices received in the completed and submitted Price Schedule for price reasonableness in accordance with the requirements of FAR 15.404-1. Evaluation of Past Performance: Except under the circumstances noted in this combined synopsis/solicitation paragraph titled Efficiency in Competition, the US Government will evaluate the quality of the offeror’s past performance. The assessment of the offeror’s past performance will be used as a means of evaluating the probability of success of the offeror. Thus, an offeror with a higher confidence assessment rating for past performance will have a higher probability of meeting the solicitation requirements than a firm with a lower confidence assessment rating. In investigating an offeror’s past performance, the US Government may consider information in the offeror’s quotes and information obtained from other sources, including past and present customers and their employees, other US Government agencies, including state and local agencies, consumer protection organizations and better business bureaus; former subcontractors; and others who may have useful information. Failure by the offeror to provide evidence of relevant performance on contracts of a similar nature in terms of performance timeframes and complexities of services provided will be considered by the US Government to have no relevant past performance. The offeror is responsible for ensuring references submit past performance surveys; the offeror’s reference must submit the past performance survey. The US Government will not accept past performance surveys submitted by the offeror or contact offeror references to obtain a completed survey. The US Government will evaluate past performance and experience in accordance with submission requirements of the solicitation. Evaluation of past performance will be a subjective assessment based on consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances. It will not be based on absolute standards of acceptable performance. The US Government is seeking to determine whether the offeror has consistently demonstrated a commitment to customer satisfaction and timely delivery of services. This is a matter of judgment. Offerors will be given an opportunity to address especially unfavorable reports of past performance, and the offeror’s response, or lack thereof, will be taken into consideration. Offerors lacking relevant past performance will not receive negative or positive consideration in the evaluation of this element as no meaningful confidence assessment rating can be reasonably assigned. Past performance will be rated on an adjectival scale. The US Government’s conclusions about the overall quality of the offeror’s past performance and experience will be a factor in determining the relative merits of the offeror’s quotes and in selecting the offeror whose quote is considered the most advantageous to the US Government. By past performance, the US Government means how well the offeror conformed to specifications and to standards of good workmanship; the offeror’s adherence to contract schedules, including the administrative aspects of performance; the offeror’s history of reasonable and cooperative behavior and commitment to customer satisfaction; and the offeror’s business-like concern for the interests of the customer. By experience, the US Government means whether a contractor’s firm, principal subcontractor, or key personnel has performed similar work before. DLA Disposition Services will also consider the offeror’s past performance and experience on the same or similar contracts in terms of complexities of the services provided. Offerors with no past performance will be issued a Neutral rating for past performance. Evaluation of Price: The offered price will be used in conjunction with the other factors to determine the quote, which represents the best value to the US Government. Price will not be numerically scored, but it will be fully evaluated using price analysis techniques. Efficiency Competition: Offerors are advised that the US Government may not evaluate the past performance quote of all offerors under this RFP. The US Government will review the total evaluated price of all quotes received in accordance with the evaluation factors for award provided. The past performance quotes of those offerors whose pricing is determined by the Contracting Officer to be most competitive may be reviewed prior to, or instead of, other past performance quotes received. Based on the initial review of these past performance quotes, the US Government may not evaluate the past performance quote of other offerors, whose total evaluated pricing was higher than that of one already evaluated and already assigned the highest possible past performance rating. This would occur when the Contracting Officer determines that any possible past performance superiority of an unevaluated (and higher priced) past performance quote, over (a lower priced) one that was already evaluated and assigned the highest possible past performance rating, would not warrant any additional price premium. Minimum/maximum for the base period is $2,500.00 and a maximum value of 150% above the total estimated value for the period. No minimum is guaranteed for the option periods. The following provisions and clauses are in attachment 5 and applicable to this solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Konni Small
  - Email: konni.small@dla.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Esteban Gancer
  - Email: Esteban.M.Gancer@dla.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Performance Work Statement and applicable provisions and clauses. The NAICS code is 811310 with a size standard of $12,500,000 set aside 100% for Small Business and the requirement will result in one (1) 12-month base period of performance plus two (2) 12-month option periods of performance as a Firm Fixed Priced, Time and Material Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract. The total contract length shall not exceed three (3) years. Background: The primary mission of the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Disposition Services is to dispose of Department of Defense (DoD) excess and surplus property generated by the military services. This is accomplished through reutilization to other DoD activities, transfer to other Federal agencies, donation to authorized state and local organizations, sale to the public, or ultimate disposal through abandonment or destruction. DLA Disposition Services Headquarters is in Battle Creek, Michigan, with a variety of field sites worldwide. DLA Disposition Services is responsible for managing the DoD Surplus Property Program. To accomplish this mission, DLA Disposition Services is seeking to have Preventative and Corrective Maintenance Repair services on Material Handling Equipment (MHE) in accordance with the attached Performance Work Statement for DLA Disposition Services Tucson [Arizona] and Sierra [California] locations. This requirement is a Firm Fixed Priced Time and Material contract. Pricing must be Fixed Price for the entirety of services quoted for scheduled preventive maintenance services. Time and materials will only be used for unscheduled corrective maintenance services to include part and labor hours. The site locations are listed in Attachment 3 – PWS Sierra Tucson MHE Maintenance and the equipment listings are in Attachment 1 – Equipment Listing. Offers are due at 5:00 PM Eastern Time (ET), on Friday, February 13, 2026. Email quotes to konni.small@dla.mil and esteban.m.gancer@dla.mil. Questions are due Friday, January 30, 2026 at 3:00 PM ET and must be submitted in writing via email to konni.small@dla.mil and esteban.m.gancer@dla.mil. Questions will not be answered via telephone. Questions that occur after the cut-off, but are considered to be significant to the requirement, may be accepted and discussed only with those vendors that have submitted a quote. INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS: Submit quotes by email to konni.small@dla.mil and esteban.m.gancer@dla.mil no later than the specified date and time. Attention should be noted to FAR 52.212-1(f), concerning late submissions. The offeror bears the risk of non-receipt of any email transmissions and should ensure that all pages of the quote have been received by the designated office before the deadline indicated. Email submissions by 5:00 pm ET one business day prior to the due date and time are encouraged to reduce the possibility of server or other cyber-related delays that may render your response as ineligible for consideration. Offerors shall provide the applicable CAGE code and UEI number with their price submission. The information located in FAR 52.212-3 ALT 1 (Offerors Representations and Certifications) must be current on SAM.gov at the time of quote submission. Offerors shall also submit documentation clearly stating the technical specifications of the quoted service. Site Visits are not being supported for this action in advance of the response deadline. EVALUATION: FAR 52.212-1: QUOTE SUBMISSION (FORMAT AND CONTENT): The following describes the information that must be furnished as part of the quote and the format which must be presented. Quotes which do not provide the required information in the prescribed format at the time of initial submittal may be excluded from further consideration. Offerors shall return a completed and filled-out Attachment 2 – Price Schedule. A quote received without filling in all parts of the attachment will not be considered for an award. All quotes shall be valid for 90 calendar days. Offerors are strongly encouraged to read Provision FAR 52.212-1, “INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS – COMMERCIAL ITEMS”. FORMAT: The offeror shall submit documentation (one original electronic form, standard Microsoft Word and / or Excel, and / or PDF files) in response to this solicitation subject to the requirements in this provision. CONTENT: Quotes shall be submitted in distinctly severable parts consisting of the following volumes: Volume 1 and Volume 2. Quote submissions will consist of one original if submitted by facsimile or electronically: an original and two copies if submitted by mail. If multiple electronic files are submitted, each electronic file shall identify it as part of Volume 1 or 2. Any information submitted in an electronic file that does not include volume identification in its name or upon opening, shall not be considered in any evaluation being performed under FAR 52.212-2. VOLUME 1: For Volume 1, Section 1 in accordance with FAR 52.212-1(b) Submission of offers, each company providing a quote will submit a signed and dated offer clearly stating the technical specifications of the quoted service that will consist of FAR 52.212-1(b)(1) thru 52.212-1(b)(11) except FAR 52.212-1(b)(10) Past Performance Information. FAR 52.212-1(b)(10) information shall be in Volume 2. Volume 1, Section II requires each offeror to submit a fully completed price schedule (Attachment 2 – Price Schedule). VOLUME 2: Past Performance Questionnaire The offeror is required to provide any current relevant information regarding the level of performance, in terms of delivery and quality achieved under either US Government or commercial contracts for the same or similar services within the last five (5) years. The information provided should support a qualitative review of the offeror; and/or; record of performance in the areas of conforming to specifications, adherence to contract schedules, history of reasonable and cooperative behavior, commitment to customer satisfaction, and business-like concern for the interest of your customer. Additionally, if performance deficiencies were identified, what they were and what corrective action was taken. Offerors shall submit past performance data for either the firm; and/or principal subcontractor(s); and/or key employees of the firm. For each reference provided, a valid name and telephone number, contract number, contract type, dollar value, contract award and completion dates, point of contact, description of worked performed, and e-mail address of point of contact is required. The description of work performed shall be described in sufficient detail to explain how each reference relates to same or similar requirements of this solicitation in areas such as type of equipment maintained, performance timeframes, performance locations, management of a similar size equipment fleet, and complexities of services (to determine the relevancy of the work). If the offeror elects to provide principal subcontractor past performance, the offeror shall provide the principal subcontractors’ consent allowing the US Government to disclose negative past performance information to the offeror. Reference projects and corresponding reference questionnaires are limited to three (3) projects considered by the offeror to be the most relevant to the requirements of this solicitation. If more than three projects with reference questionnaires are received, the US Government will consider the first three projects received based upon the date and time the reference questionnaire are received. Attachment 4 – Past Performance Questionnaire shall be used to evaluate an offeror’s past performance. The offeror shall provide the past performance questionnaire in Attachment 4 to the past performance reference they identify in this part of the quotes for the offeror, principal subcontractors and key personnel. The past performance reference shall independently submit the survey to the Contracting Officer prior to the closing date of the solicitation. Any completed past performance questionnaire received after closing date and time of this combined synopsis/solicitation or directly from the offeror will not be considered in the past performance evaluation. The US Government will not evaluate a reference listed in the past performance Volume 2 if no corresponding past performance questionnaire is received from a reference for that contract. This will have the effect of the offeror being given a Neutral rating for that portion of their overall evaluation, regardless of the type of experience or its similarity to this requirement. Past performance questionnaires must be received by the due date for receipt of quotes for the information to be considered. Offerors are cautioned that due to mail delivery times to the U.S., it is highly recommended that all contract references requested to provide surveys scan the documents into Adobe.pdf format and emailed to konni.small@dla.mil and esteban.m.gancer@dla.mil with a reference to the solicitation, SP4510-26-Q-1002 Tucson and Sierra MHE Maintenance Services in the subject heading. The submission of volume 2 past performance is required. If an offeror does not have any past performance references, offerors must at least identify a Volume 2 in their quote and state they do not have any past performance to provide. If the US Government only receives a past performance questionnaire from a past performance reference and there is no information in an offeror’s quotes regarding that reference (see paragraph above), the reference will not be considered. The offeror is responsible for ensuring references submit past performance questionnaires prior to solicitation closure; the US Government will not be contacting references for purposes of obtaining the questionnaire. ADDENDUM TO 52.212-2 EVALUATION – COMMERCIAL ITEMS Evaluation Factors for Award: Trade-Off Process. Award shall be made to the responsible offeror whose quote conforms to the solicitation and is determined to be the most advantageous to the Government, past performance and price considered. The offer selected as best value will represent the best trade-off to the Government among past performance and price. Past performance will be significantly more important than price. The Government will determine best value based on an assessment of the following factors: 1. Past Performance factor: The Government will evaluate past performance in accordance with the past performance questionnaire and evaluation clause in this combined synopsis/solicitation. 2. Price Factor: The Government will evaluate the offered prices received in the completed and submitted Price Schedule for price reasonableness in accordance with the requirements of FAR 15.404-1. Evaluation of Past Performance: Except under the circumstances noted in this combined synopsis/solicitation paragraph titled Efficiency in Competition, the US Government will evaluate the quality of the offeror’s past performance. The assessment of the offeror’s past performance will be used as a means of evaluating the probability of success of the offeror. Thus, an offeror with a higher confidence assessment rating for past performance will have a higher probability of meeting the solicitation requirements than a firm with a lower confidence assessment rating. In investigating an offeror’s past performance, the US Government may consider information in the offeror’s quotes and information obtained from other sources, including past and present customers and their employees, other US Government agencies, including state and local agencies, consumer protection organizations and better business bureaus; former subcontractors; and others who may have useful information. Failure by the offeror to provide evidence of relevant performance on contracts of a similar nature in terms of performance timeframes and complexities of services provided will be considered by the US Government to have no relevant past performance. The offeror is responsible for ensuring references submit past performance surveys; the offeror’s reference must submit the past performance survey. The US Government will not accept past performance surveys submitted by the offeror or contact offeror references to obtain a completed survey. The US Government will evaluate past performance and experience in accordance with submission requirements of the solicitation. Evaluation of past performance will be a subjective assessment based on consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances. It will not be based on absolute standards of acceptable performance. The US Government is seeking to determine whether the offeror has consistently demonstrated a commitment to customer satisfaction and timely delivery of services. This is a matter of judgment. Offerors will be given an opportunity to address especially unfavorable reports of past performance, and the offeror’s response, or lack thereof, will be taken into consideration. Offerors lacking relevant past performance will not receive negative or positive consideration in the evaluation of this element as no meaningful confidence assessment rating can be reasonably assigned. Past performance will be rated on an adjectival scale. The US Government’s conclusions about the overall quality of the offeror’s past performance and experience will be a factor in determining the relative merits of the offeror’s quotes and in selecting the offeror whose quote is considered the most advantageous to the US Government. By past performance, the US Government means how well the offeror conformed to specifications and to standards of good workmanship; the offeror’s adherence to contract schedules, including the administrative aspects of performance; the offeror’s history of reasonable and cooperative behavior and commitment to customer satisfaction; and the offeror’s business-like concern for the interests of the customer. By experience, the US Government means whether a contractor’s firm, principal subcontractor, or key personnel has performed similar work before. DLA Disposition Services will also consider the offeror’s past performance and experience on the same or similar contracts in terms of complexities of the services provided. Offerors with no past performance will be issued a Neutral rating for past performance. Evaluation of Price: The offered price will be used in conjunction with the other factors to determine the quote, which represents the best value to the US Government. Price will not be numerically scored, but it will be fully evaluated using price analysis techniques. Efficiency Competition: Offerors are advised that the US Government may not evaluate the past performance quote of all offerors under this RFP. The US Government will review the total evaluated price of all quotes received in accordance with the evaluation factors for award provided. The past performance quotes of those offerors whose pricing is determined by the Contracting Officer to be most competitive may be reviewed prior to, or instead of, other past performance quotes received. Based on the initial review of these past performance quotes, the US Government may not evaluate the past performance quote of other offerors, whose total evaluated pricing was higher than that of one already evaluated and already assigned the highest possible past performance rating. This would occur when the Contracting Officer determines that any possible past performance superiority of an unevaluated (and higher priced) past performance quote, over (a lower priced) one that was already evaluated and assigned the highest possible past performance rating, would not warrant any additional price premium. Minimum/maximum for the base period is $2,500.00 and a maximum value of 150% above the total estimated value for the period. No minimum is guaranteed for the option periods. The following provisions and clauses are in attachment 5 and applicable to this solicitation

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6502f454877944e59fc44bdd7fc897e3/view)