---
layout: default
title: RFI- PdM FSS Conference Room Upgrade
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9bbd0d304df74841bf5ea54ab5ddbc97
---

# RFI- PdM FSS Conference Room Upgrade

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 10:58:30.895-04
- Solicitation Number: PDMFSS-0326

## Summary

INTRODUCTION: This announcement constitutes a Request for Information (RFI) notice for interested and experienced vendors capable of providing a full-service conference room and audio-visual procurement and installation. IMPORTANT NOTICE: This RFI notice is being issued for the purpose of determining market capability of sources and assessing industries’ current capabilities in the technology area. This does not constitute an Invitation for Bid (IFB), a Request for Proposal (RFP), a Request for Quote (RFQ) or an indication that the Government will contract for any of the items and/or services contained in this notice. THIS is NOT a Request for Proposals. NO SOLICITATION DOCUMENTS EXIST AT THIS TIME. Any information provided does not constitute a proposal but will be considered an exchange of capabilities and ideas. The Government will not be responsible for any cost incurred in furnishing this information or potential participation in the event. This RFI does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise, that the government will take procurement action in this matter. All information received in response to this notice that is marked Proprietary will be handled accordingly The due date for responses to this RFI is 13 May 2026, 5pm EDT. BACKGROUND: The furniture, such as the executive meeting table & chars and the audio-visual & video conferencing equipment in the conference rooms is outdated and no longer meets requirements for day-to-day use and fast-paced conferencing environment. These rooms are used throughout the year for both in-house meetings and outside meetings leveraging the Microsoft Teams platform and Microsoft Office 365 products primarily. In addition, these rooms are also used for meetings where outside agencies are in attendance. Requirements: The government is seeking design configuration ideas to update the furniture & conference space and enhance and ensure the continuous and reliable operation of a single conference room A/V system. The scope of work includes furniture installation, potential Audio-Visual (A/V) equipment upgrades, minor room renovations and ensuring all A/V equipment adheres to all relevant Department of Defense security and compliance standards. Key areas of responsibility will include: Room Renovations: Carpet installation, painting of walls, minor repair of walls and conduit installation as necessary. Room dimensions: Room 1 = ~270”W x 300”L Room 2 = ~270”W x 360”L Accessory Renovations: Provide flag stands and update ornamental organizational wall mounted logos and name lettering. Furniture Removal: Removal and disposal of existing conference room furniture. Furniture Installation: Install main conference table and chairs with power and LAN connections for each participant. Table should seat a minimum of 12-14 people. Provide an additional 10 like chairs for around the room seating. Install a side desk to control audio visual equipment with 1 chair. Install 2 credenzas, 1 with a built-in refrigerator and another for general storage. Equipment Modernization: Evaluate existing components and replace/upgrade equipment as needed to include but not limited to 2 ~70” screens, video conferencing systems with 2 control stations, microphones, speakers and installation of all ancillary cables, wires and equipment. Compliance & Documentation: Ensure all equipment is free of all prohibited wireless technologies and deliver complete system documentation, including source code and signal flow diagrams. INFORMATION OF INTEREST Interested parties should submit an Information Paper detailing how their organization would meet the requirements listed above. Submission details are below. Include any drawings/schematics that would help us visualize how the space could be potentially renovated. Also provide a rough order of magnitude (ROM) cost estimate and a capabilities statement that outlines your company's experience and expertise in performing similar work, particularly within secure DoD or government facilities. Your response should highlight your ability to meet the on-site support requirements and your familiarity with the specified compliance standards. Please provide a point of contact for your organization as well as the name of a person (if different) with authority to enter into agreements with outside parties. A site visit will be held at Natick Soldier Systems Center (NSSC), 15 General Greene Avenue, Natick, MA 01760, Building 3, Room – R-221 on 6 May 2026 beginning at 1PM ET. This visit is not required but highly encouraged for a more detailed submission. In order to attend the site vIsit you must fill out attached NSSC Visitor Request form. Follow the instructions on the form for submission and email Adin Morales at adin.e.morales.civ@army.mil and Michelle Poirier at michelle.a.poirier2.civ@army.mil , no later than 1 May 2026 to confirm your attendance. All contractors MUST confirm attendance in order to attend. All personnel and vehicles entering the installation are subject to search. Please be aware that despite the legalization of marijuana possession in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, under 21 U.S.C. § 812 and 21 U.S.C. § 844 marijuana possession remains a federal offense, and it is not allowed on Federal installations, including the NSSC. SUBMISSION DATE AND ADDRESS: Electronic responses to this notice are requested to be emailed to the following Points of Contact no later than 13 May 2026, 5pm EDT. Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint or Adobe PDF format are recommended for submission. David Emond, Operations Manager, david.e.emond.civ@army.mil Adin Morales, Procurement Analyst, adin.e.morales.civ@army.mil The subject line of the e-mail should contain the words PdM FSS Conference Room Upgrade Please note: Brochures or other descriptions of general organizational or individual capabilities will not be accepted as a response. All responses will be assigned to an identification number, and an email will acknowledge receipt. NOTE: This RFI is issued for the purpose of determining market capability of sources and does not constitute an indication that the Government will contract for any of the items and/or services contained in this notice. All information received in response to this notice that is marked Proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses may not include classified material. Responses to this notice will not be returned. No reimbursement will be made for any costs to provide information in response to this announcement or any follow-up information requests. Information contained herein is based on the best information available at the time for publication, is subject to revision, and is not binding upon the Government. Availability of any formal solicitation will be announced under a separate Federal Business Opportunities announcement

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Dave Emond
  - Email: david.e.emond.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Adin Morales
  - Email: adin.e.morales.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9bbd0d304df74841bf5ea54ab5ddbc97/view)