---
layout: default
title: C211--(MD) 657-21-115JC - Correct HVAC in Procedure Rooms (CPS) - JC (VA-26-00056546) 657-26-2-8320-0070
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: c6d4be09e0f64dc68a9b657dfe260c27
---

# C211--(MD) 657-21-115JC - Correct HVAC in Procedure Rooms (CPS) - JC (VA-26-00056546) 657-26-2-8320-0070

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-16 17:28:03.126-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526R0113
- Awardee: null

## Summary

PROJECT NUMBER: 657-21-115JC PROJECT TITLE: Correct HVAC Systems in Procedure Rooms (Construction Period Services) Synopsis: CONTRACT INFORMATION a. This A-E Services requirement is being procured in accordance with the Brooks Act (Public Law (PL0582) and implemented in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 36. Firms will be selected based on demonstrated competence and qualifications for the required work. b. This procurement is restricted to Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) firms. This requirement is being procured in accordance with the VAAR 836.606-73 as implemented in FAR Subpart 36.6. c. This is not a Request for Proposal and an award will not be made with this announcement. This announcement is a request for SF 330 s from qualified contractors that meet the professional requirements. d. The selection criteria for this acquisition will be in accordance with FAR 36.602-1 and VAAR 836.602-1 and are listed below in descending order of importance. The completed SF 330 will be evaluated by the John Cochran VA Health Care System Evaluation Board in accordance with FAR 36.602-5(a) and the selection report shall serve as the final selection list, which will be provided directly to the Contracting Officer. The Government will not pay nor reimburse any costs associated with responding to this request. The Government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. e. Award of any resultant contract is contingent upon the availability of funds. f. No solicitation document is available and no other information pertaining to project scope, etc. is available at this time. Any request for assistance with submission or other procedural matters shall be submitted via email only to cedric.graham@va.gov . Personal visits to discuss this announcement will not be allowed. g. The NAICS Codes for this procurement is 541310 Architectural Services and small business size standard of $12.5M. Award of a Firm Fixed Price contract is anticipated. The anticipated time for completion of design is approximately 580 calendar days including time for VA reviews. h. DATABASE REGISTRATION INFORMATION: VERIFICATION OF STATUS OF APPARENTLY SUCCESSFUL OFFEROR THIS ACQUISITION IS 100% SET-ASIDE FOR QUALIFIED SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN OWNED SMALL BUSINESS AE FIRMS INCOMPLIANCE WITH VAAR 852.219-10. ONLY BUSINESSES VERIFIED AND LISTED IN THE VENDOR INFORMATION PAGES DATABASE, (http://www.Vetbiz.gov), SHALL BE CONSIDERED. SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM): Federal Acquisition Registrations require that federal contractors register in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at www.sam.gov and enter all mandatory information into the system. Award cannot be made until the contractor has registered. Offerors are encouraged to ensure that they are registered in SAM prior to submitting their qualifications package. j. THE EXCLUDED PARTIES LIST SYSTEM (EPLS): To ensure that the individuals providing services under the contract have not engaged in fraud or abuse regarding Sections 1128 and1128A of the Social Security Act regarding federal health care programs, the contractor is required to check the Excluded Parties List System (EPLS) located at www.sam.gov for each person providing services under this contract. Further the contractor is required to certify that all persons listed in the qualifications package have been compared against the EPLS list and are NOT listed. During the performance of this contract the Contractor is prohibited from using any individual or business listed on the List of Excluded Individuals/Entities. k. E-VERIFY SYSTEM: Companies awarded a contract with the federal government shall be required to enroll in E-Verify within 30 days of the contract award date. They shall also need to begin using the E-Verify system to confirm that all of their new hires and their employees directly working on federal contracts are authorized to legally work in the United States. E-Verify is an Internet-based system that allows an employer, using information reported on an employee's Form I-9, to determine the eligibility of that employee to work in the United States. There is no charge to employers to use E-Verify. (FAR 52.222-54) l. A-E firms are required to respond if interested by submitting one (1) completed Standard Form 330 qualification package Parts I and II to include all consultants (form available on-line at: http://www.gsa.gov/portal/forms/download/116486) Must include in Part I Section H an organizational chart of the firm (excludes consultants) and a design quality management plan. Submission information incorporated by reference is not allowed. All submissions shall be made electronically. m. Completed package shall be delivered electronically on or before 05/13//2026 at 2:00PM Central Standard Time to the NCO 15 Contracting Office, Attn: Cedric Graham, Contracting Officer @ cedric.graham@va.gov . PROJECT INFORMATION The mission of the Veterans Affairs Saint Louis Health Care System (VASTLHCS) is to provide the highest quality health care to our nation s veterans. To accomplish this mission, VASTLHCS Facility Engineering Service (FES) intends to partner with an A/E Firm on a project for Construction Period Services to correct HVAC Systems which support various Patient Isolation Rooms in Building 1, John Cochran (JC) Division, St. Louis, MO. The A/E Firm must provide Basic Professional Services as delineated in the Scope of Work. As part of the Basic Professional Services, FES expects the following primary A/E disciplines to be included: Supervisor, Architectural, Civil, Mechanical, Electrical, Plumbing (Including Fire Protection), Structural, Physical Security Specialist, VPIH and Commissioning. Supplement B CONSTRUCTION BUDGET/DESIGN and CERTIFICATION LIMITATION: A/E will also be required to incorporate bid items into the bid documents that will allow for a 10% budget reduction. In accordance with 52.236-22, Design Within Funding Limitation (APR 1984), the estimated construction contract price for this project is between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000. If the project cannot be designed within funding limits specified, the A/E shall notify the Contracting Officer immediately, in writing, and shall not proceed further without direction from the Contracting Officer, in keeping with FAR 36.602-5. FAR 36 estimate. SCOPE OF CONSTRUCTION PROJECT and PROJECT CONSTRAINTS Existing Conditions: VASTLHCS John Cochran Building 1 is an existing 11 story building with multiple additions that contains multiple medical services and clinics. Within the building there are procedural spaces and isolation rooms. Currently some of those rooms are not compliant with current VHA Design Criteria. The existing rooms that are not in compliance are as follows: Room A164 Hemo Room A165 - Hemo Room B124 - Cysto Room C615/C615A - Iso Room A757, 757A, 757B - Iso Room E127, E128 Room D219/D220 Room B503 Room C510/510A Room A658, 658A, 658B Room A663, 663A, 663B Room A707, 707A, 707B Room A720, 720A, 720B Page 9 of 9 Project Intent: This project will correct HVAC Systems which support various Procedure Rooms within the VA Saint Louis Healthcare System, John Cochran Division. The project includes correcting HVAC Systems which support various Patient Isolation Rooms in Building 1, JC. This project will update and modernize the various JC Division HVAC Systems within Procedural Spaces and Isolation Rooms to ensure compliance with VHA Design Criteria. The design team shall provide all necessary design, estimation, and construction period services to upgrade the listed rooms. The design team shall create a complete package of construction documents to meet applicable design standards and building codes, to include but not limited to VHA Design Criteria for procedure and isolation rooms. Construction package shall meet all requirements outlined in the IDIQ contract. General Information The design shall include phasing throughout the project, with each phase containing a construction boundary to protect patients and workers for construction activities. Site investigations will be required to complete a full analysis of the current conditions of the area. All utility services shall be identified and assessed for compliance within the project limits. The A/E will be required to design within the construction budget. Architect or architect/engineer (A/E) firm shall be capable of preparing all design documentation including, but not limited to, advanced planning and design of the corrected fire and life safety systems at the John Cochran Veterans Administration Hospital in St. Louis, MO. Prime contractor shall have, but not limited to, the following licensed/registered specialty disciplines as members of their firm/team: Architect, Mechanical Engineer, Plumbing Engineer, Electrical Engineer, Life Safety Engineer, and Communications Designer, Interior Designers, and Cost Estimators. The team shall have demonstrable experience in programing, planning and design of complex healthcare projects of a similar nature. The A/E must design using all current VA standards and meet all current codes for mechanical, plumbing, electrical, fire protection, and life safety. All spaces will be designed to meet the Interagency Security Committee and other relevant physical security guidelines. It is important to emphasize that the A/E shall perform design development, detailed design work, prepare detailed construction documents, keeping in mind that the end results is a completely functional, certified, and fully operational product. The final design documents from a resultant task order will be subject to review and approval (by signature) of all members of an Integrated Project Team (IPT) consisting of medical center personnel. These individuals will be identified by the COR at the first design review meeting. As part of the final submission the A/E shall provide a written synopsis describing the overall scope of the construction project as well as any pertinent information about the project that would assist potential bidders in preparing a comprehensive bid package. This synopsis is intended to be a general description of the project not to exceed four written pages in length. The C&A requirements do not apply, and that a Security Accreditation Package is not required. The Government has first right of refusal on all demolished or removed items at the discretion of the COR. EVALUATION FACTORS: Selection Criteria are in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 36.602-5 and VA Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) Part 836.602-1.Â Prospective firms are required to address all selection criteria within submitted SF330 packages using additional pages as necessary.Â SF 330 submissions including any additional pages are not to exceed fifty (50) pages. Each page cannot exceed 81/2 x 11 in size. SF 330 must be submitted as a PDF and cannot exceed 10MB. Qualifications (SF330) submitted by each firm for PROJECT NUMBER: 657-21-115JC, Correct HVAC in Procedure Rooms (CPS) John Cochran VA Medical Center will be reviewed and evaluated based on the following evaluation criteria listed below in descending order of importance: 1. PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS: the qualifications of the individuals which will be used for these services will be examined for experience and education and their record of working together as a team. A&E firms shall have licensed professional architects and engineers currently registered in the state of Missouri or in a state of which Missouri has recognized the engineering license. The specific disciplines which will be evaluated are Architects, Civil Engineer, Mechanical Engineers, Electrical Engineers, Structural Engineers, Industrial Hygienists, Estimators, CAD operators, Project Managers, LEED Consultant, Fire Protection Engineer, and Interior Designer. 2. SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE AND TECHNICAL COMPETENCE. Provide detailed project information on any projects (that are complete - design and construction) the proposed team has worked together on in the last five (5) years. Special emphasis will be given to any medical facility related projects. If the entire team has not worked together previously, provide detailed project information that each of the team members have worked on in the last three (3) years with special emphasis on medical facility projects. The project information should include project titles, a short scope of work, date of design completion, date of construction completion, firms involved, etc. The A/E shall also describe if they have any experience completing a design that was started by another A/E firm. Provide the project title, scope of work, date of design start for this team, percentage of design when accepted by team and completion of design. 3. ESTIMATING EFFECTIVENESS. Provide information on the five (5) most recently awarded construction projects that were designed by this A/E team. Provide the project title, brief scope of work, A/E team s construction estimate total and actual construction award price. If the difference is greater than 10% explain why the A/E believes the difference was greater than 10%. If the team does not have any recent projects, provide the same information on projects that the prime A/E for this team was the prime A/E for the past projects. Provide the names, titles and experience of the persons that will perform the design for each discipline; and then has oversight of the entire estimate. 4. PAST PERFORMANCE. The past performance of projects that are complete (design and construction) that the firm has designed relevant in scope to the advertised project that were accomplished with the Department of Veterans Affairs, other Government agencies, and private industry in terms of cost control, quality of work, and compliance with performance schedules will be examined. Project past performances that are older than 5 years will receive a lesser rating than those references for projects accomplished within the past 5 years. Projects that are submitted and not constructed will not be considered. 5. CAPACITY TO ACCOMPLISH THE WORK. The general workload and staffing capacity of the design offices which will be responsible for the majority of the design and the ability to accomplish the work in the required time will be evaluated. In accordance with VAAR 852.219-10(c)(1), prime contractors shall clearly demonstrate how they will meet the requirement that at least 50 percent of the design work be accomplished by employees of the concern or employees of eligible service-disabled veteran owned small business subcontractor/consultant. 6. CLAIMS, TERMINATIONS AND LITIGATION. Claims and Terminations: record of significant claims against the firm or terminated contracts because of improper or incomplete architectural and engineering services will be examined. Provide information on any litigation involvement of the past five (5) years and the outcome.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Cedric Graham
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Cedric.Graham@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-684-0149

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c6d4be09e0f64dc68a9b657dfe260c27/view)