---
layout: default
title: Research & Management Consulting Services to Support USPSTF
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9a047c82ba1b472bab8b765e91bf881e
---

# Research & Management Consulting Services to Support USPSTF

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-27 15:36:28.416-04
- Solicitation Number: HHS-AHRQ-SBSS-26-10001

## Summary

This is a Small Business Sources Sought notice (SBSS). This is NOT a solicitation for proposals, proposal abstracts, or quotations. The purpose of this notice is to obtain information regarding: (1) the availability and capability of qualified small business sources; (2) whether they are small business; HUBZone small businesses; service-disabled, veteran-owned small businesses; 8(a) small businesses; veteran-owned small businesses; woman-owned small businesses; or small disadvantaged businesses; and (3) their size classification relative to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for the proposed acquisition. Your responses to the information requested will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method, including whether a set-aside is possible. An organization that is not considered a small business under the applicable NAICS code should not submit a response to this notice. (1) Purpose and Description The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) is an independent panel of national experts in prevention and evidence-based medicine. For more than 40 years, it has worked to improve the health of Americans by making evidence-based recommendations on clinical preventive services and health promotion. These recommendations cover screening tests, counseling on healthy behaviors, and preventive medications. The Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) supports the USPSTF by providing scientific, administrative, and dissemination assistance. This requirement supports the AHRQ mission by supporting efforts to improve health outcomes for the American people. Key tasks include support and development of methods to advance the work of the USPSTF; managing topic nominations and topic development; managing the conflicts of interest for USPSTF members; horizon scanning to the USPSTF portfolio; and assisting the USPSTF in purchasing liability insurance. Project Requirements Support and Development of Methods to Advance the Work of the USPSTF - conduct one to three methods of research projects annually to advance the work of the USPSTF. The number of projects undertaken each year will depend on the scope and complexity (small, medium, or large) of the methods research priorities identified by AHRQ, with input from the USPSTF. These projects shall focus on developing and evaluating innovative, evidence-based methodologies to strengthen and continuously improve the USPSTF recommendation development process, with particular emphasis on enhancing timeliness, increasing efficiency, supporting ongoing quality improvement, and ensuring transparency. Methodological advancements may include the application and evaluation of emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence and machine learning, where appropriate. Topic Nomination & Topic Development manages the receipt, initial assessment, processing, and development of topic background documents for eligible topics and tracking of topic nominations and reconsiderations received via the USPSTF Web site. Conflicts of Interest Policy (COI) - implement the USPSTF COI policy including Developing a secure and confidential online tool to collect the COIs and update the tool and related materials before each TF meeting for all TF members, before the start of new topics for TF members continuing to serve on the USPSTF the following year, and before the appointment of new TF members. The related materials include drafting a timeline for the COI preparation and deployment, emails to the USPSTF Members, reminder emails, and updating the topic list before each meeting. Horizon Scanning - conduct a LitWatch at least 6 times a year and report the results (see horizon scanning template) by email to the USPSTF Scientific Director, the USPSTF Topic Prioritization Workgroup, USPSTF members, EPC staff, AHRQ Medical Officers, and other related staff. Assist the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force in Purchasing Liability Insurance - coordinate the process to secure the services of an insurance agent to work with USPSTF members to review the existing liability insurance policy (2) Anticipated period of performance: August 1, 2026– July 31, 2030, plus four option years (3) Capability Information Sought: Interested qualified small business organizations should submit a tailored capability statement for this requirement that clearly details the ability to perform the aspects of the notice described above. Capabilities necessary to fulfill this requirement include expertise and experience in: Staff expertise, including availability and experience in evidence-based medicine; clinical preventive services; quantitative and qualitative methods; developing and advancing methods to evaluate evidence on preventive services; and experience facilitating collaborative and cooperative group work. Knowledge and experience with using efficient methods (including AI in evidence reviews), processes, and challenges of literature searching and systematic review related to preventive services, including challenges in searching for literature related to behavioral interventions and in searching “grey” literature. Experience with using techniques to engage stakeholders and to assist them in prioritization and reaching consensus in the prioritization process Experience managing topic nomination & topic Development which involves management of the receipt, initial assessment, processing, and development of topic background documents for eligible topics and tracking of topic nominations Current in-house capability and capability to perform the work at the scale/magnitude of the USPSTF Corporate experience and management capability The ability to provide both the scientific and governance experience to support activities of the Task Force in horizon scanning, topic nomination, development and prioritization, COI mitigation and obtaining liability insurance Prior completed projects of similar nature involved maintaining and managing multiple, multi-faceted activities concurrently at the highest level of professional and scientific quality. List any Government wide contracting vehicle for which the respondent has a contract (example, GSA schedule, etc.). Contractors must describe their capacity and experience as it relates to the project requirements described above. (4) Information Submission Instructions Interested qualified small business organizations should submit a tailored capability statement for this requirement. The cover page must include the following: UEI number Organization name Organization address Size and type of business (e.g., 8(a), HUBZone, etc.) pursuant to NAICS code : 541611 Technical point(s) of contact, including names, titles, addresses, telephone, and e-mail addresses. All Capability Statements sent in response to this SMALL BUSINESS SOURCES SOUGHT notice must be submitted electronically (via e-mail) to Parul Mohan, Contract Specialist, Parul.Mohan@hhs.gov in MS Word, or Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF), no later than 3:00 PM EST on April 9, 2026. Responses should not exceed 15 single-sided pages (including the cover page, all attachments, resumes, charts, etc.) presented in single-space and using a 12-point font size minimum, that clearly details the ability to perform the aspects of the notice described above. (5) Disclaimer and Important Notes This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a pre-solicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published in SAM.gov. However, responses to this notice will not be considered adequate responses to a solicitation. (6) Confidentiality No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response. The Government reserves the right to use any non-proprietary technical information in any resultant solicitation(s).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Parul Mohan
  - Email: parul.mohan@hhs.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kori Best
  - Email: kori.best@hhs.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9a047c82ba1b472bab8b765e91bf881e/view)