---
layout: default
title: W074--Metered Mail (Bay Pines and Cape Coral)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 04c3efeefc2e45ac986703a4a5cb492c
---

# W074--Metered Mail (Bay Pines and Cape Coral)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 13:38:18.718-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24826Q0475
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Good day, SDVOSB s, VOSB s & SB's This Sources Sought is issued solely for informational and planning purposes only.Â It does not constitute the issuance of a solicitation or a promise to issue an solicitation in the future.Â The purpose of this notice is to conduct market research and obtain information from qualified SBs.Â This is not a request for bids, quotes, offers, or proposals. The responses to this announcement will assist in determining the socio-economic status such as a SDVOSB set-aside if feasible.Â If insufficient SDVOSB responses are received to establish the basis for setting this requirement aside for SDVOSB s, the requirement may be solicited as a VOSB or a SB set aside, if no or not enough small business responses are received, this may be solicited as unrestricted, all interested parties responding shall be eligible to compete. This solicitation can be open market or FSS, please when responding include your source it can be either or both. Please direct reply in the affirmative via email if you are interested and can provide the required product/service for this requirement. Please provide your capability statement, letter of supply if applicable or available.Â I will accept responses for this Sources Sought until the 30th of March 2026 14:00, thanks. GENERAL: C. W. Bill Young Veterans Medical Center located at 10000 Bay Pines Blvd, Bay Pines FL. 33744 and Lee County Veterans Healthcare Center located at 2489 Diplomat Pkwy E Cape Coral, FL 33909 is seeking to acquire a new lease and cost-saving Mailing System equipment under GSA-Pricing, with Supplies, Updates and Service contract, including all required hardware, software, services, and training necessary to manage mail operations at this location and to meet all USPS, Federal and VA mail processing requirements. BACKGROUND: The C. W. Bill Young VA Medical Center mail facility is responsible for processing all incoming and outgoing letters, parcels, and packages. The facility is seeking a comprehensive method of managing and processing mail as well as the ability to track packages. The requirement is for necessary components to include folding/inserting equipment, mail metering capability, inbound/outbound mail tracking, software, and maintenance. SCOPE: In order to meet the needs of our customers, the C. W. Bill Young VA Medical Center plans to lease state of the art digital mailing and package tracking solution system to include, software and services required for metered mail, folding/inserting equipment, inbound/outbound mail tracking, software and maintenance to be hosted in the VA Enterprise Cloud system managed by VA for both inbound and outbound enterprise mail functionalities for single postage reporting and funding for all VA supported locations for Commercial postage payment to include all virtual and physical meters. TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS: All requirements shall be acquired on a lease basis. Included in the requirements will be: components necessary to meet regulatory and performance requirements. all software MUST be TRM approved. initial startup supplies as needed. Provides best cost shipping options, allows for accurate reporting, accountability of volume and expenditures and traceability of mail and parcels. All applicable hardware, software and support services must adhere to the United States Postal Service (USPS) Domestic Mail Manual (DMM) www.usps.gov, and shipping partners rules and regulations of those as United Parcel Service (UPS), Federal Express (FedEx), DHL, etc. Reducing carrier charges and overhead costs while protecting data in a secure environment are key components of this effort. The solution shall include rate shopping capabilities that enable the mail system operator to choose the most economical mail carrier and class from VA approved carriers. Leased services shall include all mail processing equipment, web-based browser software, scalable cloud-based software solution for data hosting (with web-portal access), mail facility processing accessories, handheld scanners all supported by maintenance and support services to keep all systems fully operational. Lease service also includes delivery, set-up, configuration, user training, complete functionality testing, initial quantity of operating supplies and removal of old equipment (where applicable). PRODUCT REQUIREMENTS: The Contractor will provide hardware and software to meet site specific metered mailing needs throughout VISN 8. The Contractor will provide the hardware and software to meet site specific inbound and outbound package tracking throughout VISN 8. The Contractor will provide equipment that can spray barcodes on mail by VA employees to direct present to USPS. The Contractor will provide solution that offer address validation and correction solutions to eliminate returned mail that s undeliverable as addressed. The Contractor will provide enhanced mailing and shipping software to provide the ability to analyze mail center operations and identifies where money can be saved and pinpoints departments that are the biggest spenders, reports shipping operations and offers advice and ways to reduces costs. Reports package s route and delivery status and triggers emails that automatically send a delivery status and receipts, also reports analytics of actual usage by carrier including surcharges and fees and looks for cost saving alternatives. Software must also serve as an integration tool that allows users to map and exchange data between fields of ODBC-compliant databases and the EMS database. This feature allows faster processing while virtually eliminating error-prone, illegible, handwritten information. All reports must be able to be pulled by local VA site mail managers. The Contractor shall provide solutions that conform to USPS standards for electronic postage as specified in the Domestic Mail Manual and International Mail Manual. The Contractor will provide software must be VA-Technical Reference Model (TRM) approved. The Contractor will provide key user training upon delivery of the new leased equipment, anytime new items are introduced as well as periodical training to enhance VA employees skills. The Contractor will provide maintenance at their own cost on all leased equipment as part of the awarded equipment as per the contract. The Contract will ensure all systems are FISMA/FIPS compliant. The Contract will provide a Tech Support/Customer Assistance Line.

5.1 Mail System Requirements The C. W. Bill Young VA Medical Center requires one large high-volume cost effective leased, digital metered mail system, associated USPS certified postal funds meter capability for mail facilities. Equipment is to be of the latest technologies associated with mail processing. The postage metering capability shall meet the performance and volume/output demands of the individual facility or facilities as defined in the requirements. The digital mail metering system(s) provided for use at the C. W. Bill Young VA Medical Center must have a PC Postage meter capability with Federal funding processed via USPS trust as defined in Government Publishing Office (GPO) Code of Federal Regulations 41 CFR 102 192 Mail Management, Department of Treasury s requirement for using depositories to hold public money, Chapter 4100 Section 4130. The metering systems must include a 70lb scale, in-line weighting scale which measures mail and determines, sets, and prints the appropriate postage and multi-carrier shipping. Cloud based accounting that will allow the VA to create one report that includes all usage from the mail machines and shipping workstation, including UPS and FedEx, for all locations. The accounting report must have the ability to show the usage broken out by class, number of pieces, carrier, location, and user.

5.2 Postage Meter Requirements Mail facility requires an associated USPS certified postal funds meter capability for described mail facilities. Mail systems shall accurately scan, weigh, rate, meter, and account for all outbound mail and parcels. All equipment supplied shall have postage meters with remote capability which permit postage replenishment, usage and balance reporting and software upgrades. Postage metering capability shall meet requirements as defined in the Government Publishing Office (GPO) Code of Federal Regulations 41 CFR 102 192 Mail Management, Department of Treasury s requirement for using depositaries to hold public money, Chapter 4100 Section 4130. Mail system shall support VA carrier negotiated rates/ NGDS for USPS, UPS and FedEx. This includes but not limited to discounted rates these carriers have on the GSA Schedule 48, USPS CMOP rates as well as any VA carrier negotiated rate for the term of the lease agreement. Additional requirements include:

5.3 High-volume digital mail metering system requirements Stand-alone meter with federal funding processed via Citibank USPS trust. Mailing system that can process outgoing mail and flats with a mixed mail feeder. Stand-alone Intelligent Mail Package Barcode (IMPB) processing for priority mail, first class parcels, and package services that includes, label printer, and >70-pound scale. VA Provided PC. (1 in the mailroom, 1 in the warehouse and 1 in the pharmacy at each location) Multi-carrier capability (i.e., USPS, and UPS) to allow for rate shopping and to ensure continuity of operations for package shipments. Automatic and manually selectable date advance. Minimum processing speed of 170 letters per minute based on standard #10 envelopes using weight and size-based metering / 270 letters per minute based on standard #10 envelopes in batch mode. Power stacker Scanner Interfaced 70# scale automatically setting meter for correct postage. Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encrypted communication. Cloud Based Departmental/Categories Accounting Open/closed flap sealing nested/unnested up 3/4' thick. 15 Touch screen display. Automatic gum label dispenser. Cloud services for tracking packages and viewing accounting information to include monthly reporting of number of pieces processed and dollar amount. Must be configured to allow for best rate selection (i.e., Priority Mail Commercial base and Priority Mail Commercial Plus). USPS approved Information Based Indicia (IBI) system capability (printed indicia and mail system must be capable of providing USPS Commercial Plus Pricing on Priority and Express Mail). Minimum 15-inch high-resolution monitor with touchscreen input capability Keyboard Automatic feeding and sealing up 3/4 thick. Integrated IMpb compliant label printer Allows client to fund one postage metering account to cover all USPS transactions process by all equipment at all locations.

5.4 Inbound Tracking Cloud Based FedRAMP Authorized Solution. Ability to be deploy across multiple locations. Ability to have real time visibility. Ability to create daily internal delivery logs and manifests. Ability to capture the following information. Recipients First and Last Name Sender s Name Carrier Tracking Number Location Package Comments PO Number Store up to 5 photos of the package. Ability to send recipients automated email notifications. Import a new recipient contact list. View package history with details including photo and delivery signature. Ability to search for packages by all locations or a single location. 2D Wireless Barcode Scanners: 1D and 2 D Scanning. One-click scanning of carrier barcode while at the browser, automatically inputting the carrier s tracking number, recipient, and sender data into the application. Tracking Assistant (TA) - Allows for instant transfer of barcode data to the application via Wi-Fi Scanning solution that enables parcel delivery, and signature capture. The handheld device/ tracking assistants are FIPS 140-2 certified and software on the are TRM approved so they can use the VA WIFI network to transmit delivery/tracking information. Label Printer to create package label with barcode and recipient information. Allows for printing barcode labels for items received without a carrier label. Handheld scanners shall be able to be used to receive and process all types of mail with barcoded technology that allows traceability of items which are sent and received a mailroom or facility. Scanners shall be downloadable to a receipt/delivery program which can be standalone or integrated technology that allows storage of information, printability, and allows for ease of data downloads and research. Receiving program should have editable fields that can be created for ease of sorting by the following methods: Tracking number, Facility/VA Purchase Order Number, Item number, Address (Sender/Receiver), date, or other identifying methods as required by the facility.

5.5 Mailing, Tracking and Shipping Software Requirements Software shall be delivered and maintained at the contractors most current version. Software and application(s) shall support seamless processing of all carriers through automatic rate shopping. Software shall automatically determine the most economical delivery method for letters, flats, and parcels by examining criteria such as applied business rules, delivery time, priority, and transportation method. Upon identifying the most economical delivery method, the system shall produce the carrier compliant label. Software shall have the ability to capture and download postage, track and determine how much postage has been downloaded; determine postage remaining on the meter, and report daily/monthly/yearly spending from the meter. Software shall be Cloud-based allowing local and remote access to mail machines. Mail machines shall have locally stored data which includes United States and International volumes and expenditures for USPS letters/flats/packages in all mail classes; and commercially provided expedited services in all shipping classes. Because the Solicitation requires a cloud-based software solution for data hosting which will include Personally Identifiable Information as defined in the Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) Registry at http://www.archives.gov/cui/registry/category-list.html , it is required that the software for shipping inbound tracking and reporting be FedRAMP authorized and have a FedRAMP ATO issued by the VA.

5.6 Software Requirements The Solicitation requires a cloud-based software solution for data hosting which will include Personally Identifiable Information as defined in the Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) Registry at http://www.archives.gov/cui/registry/category-list.html. It is required that the cloud-based software for shipping and inbound tracking solution be FedRAMP authorized and have a FedRAMP ATO issued by the VA.

5.7 Digital Scale Requirements Digital scales shall provide the ability to electronically weigh postal and parcel items for shipping. Scales shall be USB capable for downloading weight to a computer or other connected devices. Facility processing requires scales able to handle weight ranges from 0-70lbs.

5.8 Processing of Documents and Mailings Process at least 120,000 pieces per month Process up to 5,400 letters per hour based on 1 page C-folded into a #10 envelope. The ability to insert non-folded 8.5 x 11 sheets into 9 x12 or 10 x 13 flat envelopes. Feeders that can be used as sheet or Insert feeder. Two (2) High-Capacity Sheet feeders that can hold up to 1,000 sheets each. Ability to link feeders so when one empties it will automatically start pulling from next feeder. Outer envelope feeder holds at least 500 #10 or 6 x 9.5 envelopes. The ability to automatically switch between 6 x 9.5/#10 envelope to flat envelopes depending on page count without starting a new job or stopping the inserter. Flat envelope feeders are able to hold 9 x 12 or 10 x 13 envelopes. Fold type C, Z, Half (V), Double Parallel, No Fold/Flats. The ability to read 2D marks on the sheets to determine the number of pages that go into an envelope. Automatic Light Sensor Double Document Detection and Document Measurement on All Feeders. The ability to pre or post fold accumulation of material Power Stacker The ability to produce a Mail Run Datafile (MRDF) that will be imported into the folder/inserter. The ability to account for all records at a recipient level, and not just a job level. The ability to reprint documents without operator intervention if at any time the system designates a document as suspect or bad. Capable of automatically generating applications and apply 2D barcodes to each document prior to shipping. Barcoding workflow will allow this type of variable page job to be automated and accurately controlled to ensure the right documents reach the right veteran. Audit reporting post mail piece production to provide proof of mailing accuracy. This reporting should be able to evidence that the documents were inserted into the right envelope and show which documents were processed. Appy a unique identifier for each Veteran letter so that reporting can be assessed on the recipient level.

5.9 Maintenance Support Requirements The contractor shall perform all mail system maintenance (both preventive and reparative). This maintenance includes all parts and labor. The contractor shall respond to all maintenance requests within 24-hours of notification. Only qualified personnel, materials, spare parts, tool, hardware/software, and network components necessary to perform the service shall be provided by the contractor. The contractor shall regularly and systematically examine, clean, lubricate, test, adjust the equipment, and as conditions warrant, repair, or replace equipment included under the contract. The contractor shall ensure that the mail system operates as originally designed and installed throughout the entire awarded contract period. Contractor maintenance shall include preventative maintenance at manufacturer- recommended intervals. The contractor shall provide complete remedial and preventive maintenance for the components of the installed solution. The contractor shall provide all replacement component parts as required to meet original equipment performance at no additional cost to VA. The contractor shall provide an affixed label to equipment which identifies equipment make, model, device serial number, mail meter serial number and equipment service support and contact information. The contractor shall provide manuals, handbooks or brochures in hard copy, soft copy or with electronic access instructions, consistent with standard industry practices for the equipment or device.

5.10 Delivery, Installation, Operational Readiness and Transition Requirements The contractor shall install and make fully operational the mailing solution, including all accessories as ordered. The contractor shall complete delivery, installation, configuration, testing and operational readiness. The contractor shall establish internet connectivity to the postage meter for replenishment, rate change updates, etc. If applicable, contractor is to fully test remote diagnostics and troubleshooting as part of operational readiness. The contractor shall provide shipping of mail equipment to the mail facility or facilities at no cost to VA. VA will not reimburse contract for shipping or freight costs. The contractor shall remove trade-in components, old or discarded equipment from the installation site immediately after the new solution is installed and fully operational. This is done at no cost to VA. The contractor will provide a written implementation plan to the medical center within 30 days of contract award addressing removal of existing equipment, installation of new equipment, employee training & estimated go-live dates. The contractor will provide all training materials upfront to the VA staff for review. This includes all training manuals, software instructions and servicing and maintenance records.

5.11 Material and Supply Requirements The contractor shall provide, at time of delivery, an initial stock of supplies sufficient for the installed Mailing System. The initial stock of supplies shall include ink, meter tape, sealing solution and any other system specific supplies.

5.12 Training Requirements The contractor shall provide training at User site(s) to at least one key operator and one alternate for each solution installed. The contractor shall provide and complete key operator training within two business days of the solution s installation. The contractor shall schedule training in coordination with the local Mail Manager or COR. Training shall cover, at a minimum, the following operations: proper operation of the solution component(s), replacement and ordering of supplies, performance of routine tasks such as daily maintenance, adding postage to the meter, reporting of mail volumes and costs, locating a component s model and serial numbers, meter serial number, and placing a service call.

5.13 Installation and Maintenance Vendors must provide complete installation, configuration, setup, and testing of all equipment and software, including integration with and configuration for data streams and document types processed. Vendors will provide detailed, and on-site end-user training on all equipment, software, and procedures. Mail Manager and other identified staff (on Mail Output / Document Management Software Solution, Browser-Based, Multi-Carrier Integrated Shipping System) Vendors will also provide detailed, and on-site administrative training and detailed documentation. All scheduled and periodic maintenance required by equipment manufacturers will be included in the proposal, said maintenance to be performed by certified individuals. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: This request is for a base year with the addition of four option years. Each option year will be renewed by both parties on/or before the anniversary date of the original contract. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Equipment and services provided under this SOW shall be performed at the locations: C. W. Bill Young VA Medical Center 10000 Bay Pines Blvd, Bay Pines, FL 33744 Lee County Veterans Healthcare Center 2489 Diplomat Pkwy E Cape Coral, FL 33909 HOURS OF OPERATIONS: Contractor shall respond to service calls during normal working hours (Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM EST) excluding holidays observed by the Federal Government. Recognized Holidays The Contractor shall provide services during the facility hours of operation, except for the following federal holidays set by law (5 U.S.C. Â§6103), or as approved by the OCO. The following are recognized United States (US) federal holidays: New Year s Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. s Birthday, President s Day, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veteran s Day, Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Day. Travel and or Special Requirements This SOW includes all travel to perform the tasks associated within this service, which includes travel to and from the mail facilities for equipment delivery, implementation, training, maintenance support, services and transition activities through the period of performance. All travel costs are to be included in the firm-fixed price line items. These costs will not be directly reimbursed by the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michael A Shook
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Michael.Shook@va.gov
  - Phone: 813-972-2000 Ext 2819

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/04c3efeefc2e45ac986703a4a5cb492c/view)