---
layout: default
title: SCREW,CAP,HEXAGON H
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 253e6cfbace44adba8e83267cc81b76a
---

# SCREW,CAP,HEXAGON H

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 05:12:03.565-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QFB93

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N743.25|WVF|771-229-1462|jordan.d.neely2.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| MARKINGS LEVEL I/SUBSAFE/DSS-SOC/TRIPER|5|||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|See specifications Section C and Section E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|X||X|||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|A| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications; COMBO - Receiving Report & Invoice - Material |N/A|N/A|N00104|TBD|N39040 - Certifications, S4306A - Materials|N50286|TBD|133.2|N/A|N/A|N39040 - Certifications|N/A| N/A|See DD1423|PORT_PTNH_WAWF_NOTIFICATION@NAVY.MIL| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|One year from date of delivery|365 DAYS AFTER DELIVERY OF CONTRACT.||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| WARRANTY OF DATA-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0035) (FEB 2026)|2||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| 1.DD1423 Data Item A001 (Inspection and Test Plan) may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. 2. Portsmouth NSY's DODAAC has changed from N00102 to N50286. Any reference to N00102 within this order should be updated to N50286. 3. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed here in. 4. The following proposed delivery schedule applies: Submission of Certification Data CDRLs will be on or before 20 days prior to scheduled delivery. PNSY review/acceptance of Certification CDRLs 30 working days after receipt of Certification DD 1423 CDRLs. Final delivery of material will be on or before 365 days after effective date of the resulting contract. 5. Only those sources with an acceptable Quality Control Manual are eligible for award under this solicitation. Offerors are cautioned that this procurement will not be delayed solely for the purpose of approving additional sources. 6. Any contract awarded because of this solicitation will be a DO rated order certified for national defense use under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). 7. If requirement is packaged at a location different from the offeror's address, the offeror shall provide the name, street address, and CAGE of the facility. 8. Early and incremental delivery is acceptable at no additional cost to the Government. 9. Final delivery of material (365 Days). \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. 2.2.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.2.3 The documents and drawings listed below under DRAWING NO. are not provided with this Contract/Purchase order. DRAWING NO CAGE REV DISTR CD ;302893 18444 B B; DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-286 | | |G |001207|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A574 | | | |211201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-F606 | | | |191115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-1222 | | |J |001208|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2132 | | |D |080310|F| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-18240 | | |F |000313|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QPL 18240 | | |QPD|201208|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;The Self-Locking Hex Cap Screw must be in accordance with Oil States drawing 302893, part number 302893-104, except as amplified or modified herein.; 3.2 ;Self-locking element to be in accordance with MIL-DTL-18240.; 3.3 The Unit of Issue is EACH. The Contractor is required to provide one additional fastener for each uniquely identified heat/lot of material in each shipment. Complete traceability must be maintained on this extra fastener. 3.4 Material for Parts Requiring Certification - Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis is required for the parts listed below unless specifically stated otherwise: Part - ;Self-Locking Hex Cap Screw; Material - ;QQ-N-286, Class A, Form 2, Annealed and Age Hardened IAW MIL-DTL-1222; 3.5 Testing Certification - Certifications are required for the following tests on the items listed below. Additional testing on other piece parts (if any) per applicable drawings and specifications is still required, but certifications are only required as listed below. Test - ;Liquid Penetrant Inspection; Item - ;Self-Locking Hex Cap Screw; Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271; Sampling must be per MIL-DTL-1222 Acceptance - MIL-DTL-1222 Attribute - Annealing and Age Hardening Item - ;Self-Locking Hex Cap Screw; Performance - QQ-N-286 Test - Ultrasonic Inspection on Starting Material Item - ;All Items requiring certification made from QQ-N-286 with a diameter or minimum distance between parallel surfaces of 4 inches or greater of the starting material, or when required by a drawing or specification invoked elsewhere in this contract; Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 or MIL-STD-2132, and QQ-N-286 Acceptance - QQ-N-286 3.6 K-MONEL Fasteners - Material must be heat treated per QQ-N-286. 3.6.1 Fasteners that have been hot or cold headed or roll threaded must be solution annealed followed by age hardening subsequent to all heading and thread rolling operations. The mechanical properties on certifications must be actual properties of the annealed and age hardened material and must meet the requirements of QQ-N-286. 3.6.2 QQ-N-286 fasteners that have been headed and/or roll threaded must not beage hardened unless the material has been solution annealed subsequent to the heading and threading operations. Threads formed after the final age hardening heat treatment must be cut or ground only. 3.7 K-MONEL Fasteners - K-MONEL externally threaded fasteners must have mechanical properties determined in accordance with MIL-DTL-1222. Test results must include Tensile, Yield, Elongation and Hardness as required by MIL-DTL-1222. (The Hardness tests must be performed on a full size fastener.) 3.7.1 Studs require an Axial Tensile test in accordance with MIL-DTL-1222. 3.7.2 Headed fasteners require a Wedge Tensile test as specified elsewhere in this contract/purchase order. 3.8 Thread Forming - The following provides the official interpretation of paragraph 4.5.2.7 of MIL-DTL-1222. 3.8.1 In order to qualify for "Alternate Mechanical Testing" found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7 and utilize the mechanical properties for the starting bar stock in lieu of performing yield strength or proof stress testing on finished fasteners, all of the subsequent provisions found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraphs 4.5.2.7 a through e must be met. If any single provision is not met, all required mechanical testing must be performed on the finished full sized fasteners. These provisions are explained as follows: a. Proper product lot control and traceability must be in place. b. No heat treatment (including hot heading and hot forming), cold forming, drawing, rolling and thread rolling may be performed on the starting bar, fastener blanks or finished fasteners after the completion of the mechanical testing on the starting bar. c. and d. The proper size starting bar must be selected to ensure mechanical properties of finished fasteners are represented by the mechanical properties of the starting bar. e. The mandatory testing, axial tensile (studs) and wedge tensile (screws and bolts) must be performed on full sized fasteners. Note that there is a typographical error in paragraph 4.5.2.7 and that the axial load test is a mandatory test that must be performed on studs as required in paragraph 4.5.2.7.e. 3.8.2 Thread rolling is a cold working process and is not considered to be a machining or grinding operation. Therefore, fasteners which have rolled threads do not satisfy the provisions of MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7.b and are not eligible for the "Alternate Mechanical Testing" provision. 3.8.3 Thread rolling alone is not a sufficient cold working process to qualify a fastener to be in the cold worked (CW) condition. This condition is only applicable to some 300 series stainless steel studs, screws and nuts. These CW condition fasteners must be manufactured from cold worked bar stock or be cold headed in order to qualify. The threads may subsequently be rolled, machined or ground. Testing of the finished fasteners and/or reporting of the starting bar stock material properties is subject to the same provisions found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7 and discussed above. 3.9 Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test Laboratories - The Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test of QQ-N-286 must be performed by one of the following laboratories: Huntington Alloys, a Special Metals Company Attn: Bill Bolenr 3200 Riverside Drive Huntington, WV 257059 Phone: (304) 526-5889 FAX: (304) 526-5973 Metallurgical Consultants, Inc. Attn: W. M. Buehler 4820 Caroline PO Box 88046 Houston, TX 77288-0046 Phone: (713) 526-6351 FAX: (713) 526-2964 Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division Attn: Eric Focht Code 614 9500 Macarthur Blvd West Bethesda, MD 20817-5700 Phone: (301) 227-5032 FAX: (301) 227-5576 Teledyne Allvac Attn: Dr. W. D. Cao 2020 Ashcraft Ave. Monroe, NC 28110 Phone: (704) 289-4511 FAX: (704) 289-4269 Westmoreland Mechanical Testing and Research Inc. Attn: Andrew Wisniewski P.O. Box 388 Youngstown, PA 15696-0388 Mannesmann Rohrenwerke Mannesmann Forschungsinstitut (MFI) Attn: Dr. Weiss Postfach 251160 47251 Duisburg Germany Phone: 011-49-0203-9993194 FAX: 011-49-0203-9994415 ThyssenKrupp VDM USA, Inc. Attn: D. C. Agarwal 11210 Steeplecrest Drive, Suite 120 Houston, TX 77065-4939 Phone: (281) 955-6683 3.10 Wedge Tensile Test Specimens (Headed fasteners) - A wedge tensile test must be conducted on a Full Size Fastener for each production lot and reported aspart of the Mechanical Properties. The required specimens for the Wedge Tensile Test must be separate fasteners from those required for the Yield Test. 3.10.1 Testing for Socket Head Cap Screws must be in accordance MIL-DTL-1222, paragraphs 4.5.2.3 and 4.5.2.3.1. 3.10.2 Testing for all other Headed Fasteners with a nominal diameter greater than 1/4-inch must be in accordance with ASTM-F606 for grades 5, 8, B7, and B16.For all other grades, the following wedge angles must be used. a. Except as specified in item c below, fasteners with a nominal diameter of 1/4-inch through 1-inch (inclusive) must be tested with a ten degree wedge. b. Except as specified in item c below, fasteners with a nominal diameter over 1-inch must be tested with a six degree wedge. c. Fasteners that are of grades 8, B7, B16, 410, 416, 416Se, 431, and 630 and are threaded within one diameter to the underside of the head must be tested as follows: Sizes 1/4 inch through 3/4 inch (inclusive) Use a six degree wedgeSizes over 3/4 inch Use a four degree wedge d. Fasteners which have passed testing with wedge angles greater than those specified should be considered acceptable. 3.10.3 For fasteners having a length less than the minimum specified in Table 1 of ASTM-F606, one "test specimen fastener" must be manufactured from each lot of fasteners and tested to represent that lot. The length of these test specimen fasteners must meet the minimum specified in table 1 of ASTM-F606 but must not exceed it by more than 1/4 inch. Test specimen fasteners must be the same type, style, and diameter as the production lot and must be manufactured from the same starting material, using the same manufacturing techniques as the production lot, and must be heat treated (if required) along with the production lot. 3.11 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. 3.12 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.12.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.12.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.12.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change. 3.13 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. 3.14 NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010 - Any applicable requirements of NAVSHIPS 4410.17,NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010, or 0948-045-7010 which the contractor must meet are included in this contract/purchase order. The above documents are for GovernmentUse Only. Further application of the above documents is prohibited.prohibited. 3.14.1 Marking of material with a Material Designator per the Drawing is also prohibited, with the exception of Fasteners. Fasteners must be marked with a Material Symbol/Designator as specified elsewhere in this contract. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^ 3.15 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Test Certification) - A statement of tests performed, listing the pieces tested must be furnished along with a copy of the test results. Certification must include the contractor's name, address and date, quantity inspected, identified to the contract/purchase order and item number, and the Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature. Test certifications must reference the standard/specification, including the revision, to which the testing was performed and the acceptance criteria used. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. Test reports on weldments must be identified to weld joint and layer. 3.16 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-45662, is acceptable as an alternate. 3.16.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/nonacceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.16.2 The Contractor's quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.16.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of Level I/SUBSAFE (LI/SS) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.16.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.16.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require re-submittal to the PCO and concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption. 3.17 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. Inspection records must be traceable to the material inspected. 3.17.1 The supplier's gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.17.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative. 3.18 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately." 3.18.1 The prime contractor's program must include procedures to assess the capability of the prospective suppliers to produce the products or supply the services in accordance with the contract, prior to the issuance of any purchase document. 3.18.2 Each sub-tier supplier of material or services for items in Section 3 of this contract must be subjected to a periodic review or audit by the Prime to determine the continued capability of the supplier to control the quality of the products or services specified in the purchase order or contract. 3.18.3 The prime contractor must ensure that the purchased product conforms to specified purchase requirements and this contract. The type and extent of control applied to the supplier and the purchased product must be dependent upon the effect of the purchased product on the end item represented by this contract. 3.18.4 The prime contractor must evaluate the requirements of the contract and select suppliers based on their ability to supply the product in accordance with the prime contractor's requirements and the contract. Criteria for selection and evaluation must be established. Records of this effort must be available for review by the government. 3.18.5 The prime contractor's supplier quality assurance program must provide for a review of purchase documents to assure applicable quality requirements are included or referenced in the documentation for compliance by the supplier. 3.19 Government Furnished Material and/or Equipment (GFM/GFE) - When material or equipment is furnished by the Government, the Contractor must develop documented control procedures that require at least the following: 3.19.1 Visual examination upon receipt to detect damage during transit. 3.19.2 Inspection for completeness and proper type. 3.19.3 Verification of material quality received. 3.19.4 Periodic inspection and precautions to assure adequate storage conditions and to guard against damage from handling and deterioration during storage. 3.19.5 Functional testing, either prior to or after installation, or both, as required by the Contract to determine satisfactory operation. 3.19.6 Identification and protection from improper use or disposition. 3.19.7 Reporting to the Government, any GFM or GFE property found damaged, malfunctioning, or otherwise unsuitable for use. In the event of damage or malfunction during or after installation, the supplier must determine and record probable cause and necessity for withholding the material from use. 3.19.8 For GFE material, and as required by the terms of the bailment agreement, the supplier must establish procedures for adequate storage, maintenance, and inspection of bailed Government material. Records of all inspection and maintenance performed on bailed property must be maintained. 3.19.9 Material returned to the contractor must be handled as GFM. 3.20 Traceability and Certification Requirements - To assure that correct materials are installed in Level I/SUBSAFE systems, it is imperative that traceability be maintained from the material to the material certification test report and other required Objective Quality Evidence (OQE). The material certification report must completely and accurately reflect that the material supplied meets the specified requirements. 3.20.1 The following provides the minimum requirements for maintaining material traceability and supplements the requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020 and elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. The Contractor must develop written procedures that implement the material control requirements stated herein. 3.21 Material Traceability - The certification data report must be identified through a unique traceability number, heat-lot number, or heat-treat number, as applicable, which must also be marked on the material. This traceability marking on the material must provide direct traceability to the material's chemical composition and mechanical properties certification data. For material produced by batch, continuous cast, or continuous pour processes, samples must be taken no less than once in every eight hours of operation for the purpose of validating proper chemical composition and mechanical properties. Traceability must be maintained through all process operations including any subcontracted operations, to the finished component. 3.22 See CDRL DI-MISC-81020 (Chemical and Mechanical) - Material Certification - In addition to the certification data requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020, the following material certification requirements apply: 3.22.1 Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis of material is required ;in accordance with MIL-DTL-1222; .Test reports must be traceable to traceability marking on the material. Material certification test reports must include the class, form, condition, grade, type, finish, and/or composition, as applicable, of the material supplied. 3.22.2 Re-identification and re-certification of material is required when the material is subjected to a process which alters it's properties. If the starting material or raw stock is processed in a manner that will not affect its chemical composition or mechanical properties, the original certifications for the chemical composition and mechanical properties, as required by the material specification, are acceptable. Re-certification of the chemical or mechanical properties is required if a process is used during fabrication that alters the original properties of the material (e.g. alloying, heat treating, or forming). In these instances, the properties of the material must be re-determined and documented to reflect the altered condition. The altered material must be uniquely re-identified. The properties thus determined and documented, are required for final certification and must conform to the material specification or the contract/purchase order requirements. When only the mechanical properties are altered, the original certification for chemical composition must be overstamped and/or annotated with the unique traceability marking used with the altered material and at a minimum contain the information below. TRACEABILITY MARKING ________________________________________________ (marking on finished item) IS FABRICATED FROM RAW MATERIAL IDENTIFIED TO HEAT/LOT NUMBER ________________ AND HEAT TREAT NUMBER ________________________ (when applicable) _________________________________________ DATE _____________________ (name and signature of auth. co. rep.) 3.22.3 Material certification data forwarded by the manufacturer must contain a signed certification that the report results represent the actual attributes of the material furnished and indicate full compliance with all applicable specification and contract requirements. Transcription of certification data is prohibited. 3.22.4 Statements on material certification documents must be positive and unqualified. Disclaimers such as "to the best of our knowledge" or "we believe the information contained herein is true" are not acceptable. 3.22.5 If material is received without the required certification papers or with incorrect/missing data on the certification papers, the material will be rejected. 3.23 Material Marking for Traceability and Identification - The following are the minimum marking requirements. Additional/alternate marking requirements, if applicable, will be specified elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. In addition to the marking requirements on applicable drawings and/or specifications, marking for traceability is required. All traceability marking must be permanently applied in accordance with MIL-STD-792 (except as specified below). An alternate marking method is permissible provided it is an available option in the contractually invoked specification or drawing, except in instances where the material has been modified by this contract/purchase order and differs from that specified in the specification or drawing. 3.23.1 Fasteners must be marked in accordance with ;MIL-DTL-1222; . The method of marking must...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176058197
  - Email: JORDAN.D.NEELY2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. 2.2.3 The documents and drawings listed below under DRAWING NO. are not provided with this Contract/Purchase order. DRAWING NO CAGE REV DISTR CD ;302893 18444 B B; DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-286 | | |G |001207|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A574 | | | |211201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-F606 | | | |191115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-1222 | | |J |001208|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2132 | | |D |080310|F| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-18240 | | |F |000313|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QPL 18240 | | |QPD|201208|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;The Self-Locking Hex Cap Screw must be in accordance with Oil States drawing 302893, part number 302893-104, except as amplified or modified herein.; 3.2 ;Self-locking element to be in accordance with MIL-DTL-18240.; 3.3 The Unit of Issue is EACH. The Contractor is required to provide one additional fastener for each uniquely identified heat/lot of material in each shipment. Complete traceability must be maintained on this extra fastener. 3.4 Material for Parts Requiring Certification - Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis is required for the parts listed below unless specifically stated otherwise: Part - ;Self-Locking Hex Cap Screw; Material - ;QQ-N-286, Class A, Form 2, Annealed and Age Hardened IAW MIL-DTL-1222; 3.5 Testing Certification - Certifications are required for the following tests on the items listed below. Additional testing on other piece parts (if any) per applicable drawings and specifications is still required, but certifications are only required as listed below. Test - ;Liquid Penetrant Inspection; Item - ;Self-Locking Hex Cap Screw; Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271; Sampling must be per MIL-DTL-1222 Acceptance - MIL-DTL-1222 Attribute - Annealing and Age Hardening Item - ;Self-Locking Hex Cap Screw; Performance - QQ-N-286 Test - Ultrasonic Inspection on Starting Material Item - ;All Items requiring certification made from QQ-N-286 with a diameter or minimum distance between parallel surfaces of 4 inches or greater of the starting material, or when required by a drawing or specification invoked elsewhere in this contract; Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 or MIL-STD-2132, and QQ-N-286 Acceptance - QQ-N-286 3.6 K-MONEL Fasteners - Material must be heat treated per QQ-N-286. 3.6.1 Fasteners that have been hot or cold headed or roll threaded must be solution annealed followed by age hardening subsequent to all heading and thread rolling operations. The mechanical properties on certifications must be actual properties of the annealed and age hardened material and must meet the requirements of QQ-N-286. 3.6.2 QQ-N-286 fasteners that have been headed and/or roll threaded must not beage hardened unless the material has been solution annealed subsequent to the heading and threading operations. Threads formed after the final age hardening heat treatment must be cut or ground only. 3.7 K-MONEL Fasteners - K-MONEL externally threaded fasteners must have mechanical properties determined in accordance with MIL-DTL-1222. Test results must include Tensile, Yield, Elongation and Hardness as required by MIL-DTL-1222. (The Hardness tests must be performed on a full size fastener.) 3.7.1 Studs require an Axial Tensile test in accordance with MIL-DTL-1222. 3.7.2 Headed fasteners require a Wedge Tensile test as specified elsewhere in this contract/purchase order. 3.8 Thread Forming - The following provides the official interpretation of paragraph 4.5.2.7 of MIL-DTL-1222. 3.8.1 In order to qualify for "Alternate Mechanical Testing" found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7 and utilize the mechanical properties for the starting bar stock in lieu of performing yield strength or proof stress testing on finished fasteners, all of the subsequent provisions found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraphs 4.5.2.7 a through e must be met. If any single provision is not met, all required mechanical testing must be performed on the finished full sized fasteners. These provisions are explained as follows: a. Proper product lot control and traceability must be in place. b. No heat treatment (including hot heading and hot forming), cold forming, drawing, rolling and thread rolling may be performed on the starting bar, fastener blanks or finished fasteners after the completion of the mechanical testing on the starting bar. c. and d. The proper size starting bar must be selected to ensure mechanical properties of finished fasteners are represented by the mechanical properties of the starting bar. e. The mandatory testing, axial tensile (studs) and wedge tensile (screws and bolts) must be performed on full sized fasteners. Note that there is a typographical error in paragraph 4.5.2.7 and that the axial load test is a mandatory test that must be performed on studs as required in paragraph 4.5.2.7.e. 3.8.2 Thread rolling is a cold working process and is not considered to be a machining or grinding operation. Therefore, fasteners which have rolled threads do not satisfy the provisions of MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7.b and are not eligible for the "Alternate Mechanical Testing" provision. 3.8.3 Thread rolling alone is not a sufficient cold working process to qualify a fastener to be in the cold worked (CW) condition. This condition is only applicable to some 300 series stainless steel studs, screws and nuts. These CW condition fasteners must be manufactured from cold worked bar stock or be cold headed in order to qualify. The threads may subsequently be rolled, machined or ground. Testing of the finished fasteners and/or reporting of the starting bar stock material properties is subject to the same provisions found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7 and discussed above. 3.9 Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test Laboratories - The Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test of QQ-N-286 must be performed by one of the following laboratories: Huntington Alloys, a Special Metals Company Attn: Bill Bolenr 3200 Riverside Drive Huntington, WV 257059 Phone: (304) 526-5889 FAX: (304) 526-5973 Metallurgical Consultants, Inc. Attn: W. M. Buehler 4820 Caroline PO Box 88046 Houston, TX 77288-0046 Phone: (713) 526-6351 FAX: (713) 526-2964 Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division Attn: Eric Focht Code 614 9500 Macarthur Blvd West Bethesda, MD 20817-5700 Phone: (301) 227-5032 FAX: (301) 227-5576 Teledyne Allvac Attn: Dr. W. D. Cao 2020 Ashcraft Ave. Monroe, NC 28110 Phone: (704) 289-4511 FAX: (704) 289-4269 Westmoreland Mechanical Testing and Research Inc. Attn: Andrew Wisniewski P.O. Box 388 Youngstown, PA 15696-0388 Mannesmann Rohrenwerke Mannesmann Forschungsinstitut (MFI) Attn: Dr. Weiss Postfach 251160 47251 Duisburg Germany Phone: 011-49-0203-9993194 FAX: 011-49-0203-9994415 ThyssenKrupp VDM USA, Inc. Attn: D. C. Agarwal 11210 Steeplecrest Drive, Suite 120 Houston, TX 77065-4939 Phone: (281) 955-6683 3.10 Wedge Tensile Test Specimens (Headed fasteners) - A wedge tensile test must be conducted on a Full Size Fastener for each production lot and reported aspart of the Mechanical Properties. The required specimens for the Wedge Tensile Test must be separate fasteners from those required for the Yield Test. 3.10.1 Testing for Socket Head Cap Screws must be in accordance MIL-DTL-1222, paragraphs 4.5.2.3 and 4.5.2.3.1. 3.10.2 Testing for all other Headed Fasteners with a nominal diameter greater than 1/4-inch must be in accordance with ASTM-F606 for grades 5, 8, B7, and B16.For all other grades, the following wedge angles must be used. a. Except as specified in item c below, fasteners with a nominal diameter of 1/4-inch through 1-inch (inclusive) must be tested with a ten degree wedge. b. Except as specified in item c below, fasteners with a nominal diameter over 1-inch must be tested with a six degree wedge. c. Fasteners that are of grades 8, B7, B16, 410, 416, 416Se, 431, and 630 and are threaded within one diameter to the underside of the head must be tested as follows: Sizes 1/4 inch through 3/4 inch (inclusive) Use a six degree wedgeSizes over 3/4 inch Use a four degree wedge d. Fasteners which have passed testing with wedge angles greater than those specified should be considered acceptable. 3.10.3 For fasteners having a length less than the minimum specified in Table 1 of ASTM-F606, one "test specimen fastener" must be manufactured from each lot of fasteners and tested to represent that lot. The length of these test specimen fasteners must meet the minimum specified in table 1 of ASTM-F606 but must not exceed it by more than 1/4 inch. Test specimen fasteners must be the same type, style, and diameter as the production lot and must be manufactured from the same starting material, using the same manufacturing techniques as the production lot, and must be heat treated (if required) along with the production lot. 3.11 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. 3.12 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.12.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.12.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.12.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change. 3.13 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. 3.14 NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010 - Any applicable requirements of NAVSHIPS 4410.17,NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010, or 0948-045-7010 which the contractor must meet are included in this contract/purchase order. The above documents are for GovernmentUse Only. Further application of the above documents is prohibited.prohibited. 3.14.1 Marking of material with a Material Designator per the Drawing is also prohibited, with the exception of Fasteners. Fasteners must be marked with a Material Symbol/Designator as specified elsewhere in this contract. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^ 3.15 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Test Certification) - A statement of tests performed, listing the pieces tested must be furnished along with a copy of the test results. Certification must include the contractor"s name, address and date, quantity inspected, identified to the contract/purchase order and item number, and the Contractor"s or authorized personnel"s signature. Test certifications must reference the standard/specification, including the revision, to which the testing was performed and the acceptance criteria used. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. Test reports on weldments must be identified to weld joint and layer. 3.16 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-45662, is acceptable as an alternate. 3.16.1 The Contractor"s quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/nonacceptance by the Government representative to determine the system"s effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.16.2 The Contractor"s quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.16.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of Level I/SUBSAFE (LI/SS) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.16.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.16.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require re-submittal to the PCO and concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption. 3.17 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. Inspection records must be traceable to the material inspected. 3.17.1 The supplier"s gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier"s personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.17.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative. 3.18 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor"s facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor"s facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately." 3.18.1 The prime contractor"s program must include procedures to assess the capability of the prospective suppliers to produce the products or supply the services in accordance with the contract, prior to the issuance of any purchase document. 3.18.2 Each sub-tier supplier of material or services for items in Section 3 of this contract must be subjected to a periodic review or audit by the Prime to determine the continued capability of the supplier to control the quality of the products or services specified in the purchase order or contract. 3.18.3 The prime contractor must ensure that the purchased product conforms to specified purchase requirements and this contract. The type and extent of control applied to the supplier and the purchased product must be dependent upon the effect of the purchased product on the end item represented by this contract. 3.18.4 The prime contractor must evaluate the requirements of the contract and select suppliers based on their ability to supply the product in accordance with the prime contractor"s requirements and the contract. Criteria for selection and evaluation must be established. Records of this effort must be available for review by the government. 3.18.5 The prime contractor"s supplier quality assurance program must provide for a review of purchase documents to assure applicable quality requirements are included or referenced in the documentation for compliance by the supplier. 3.19 Government Furnished Material and/or Equipment (GFM/GFE) - When material or equipment is furnished by the Government, the Contractor must develop documented control procedures that require at least the following: 3.19.1 Visual examination upon receipt to detect damage during transit. 3.19.2 Inspection for completeness and proper type. 3.19.3 Verification of material quality received. 3.19.4 Periodic inspection and precautions to assure adequate storage conditions and to guard against damage from handling and deterioration during storage. 3.19.5 Functional testing, either prior to or after installation, or both, as required by the Contract to determine satisfactory operation. 3.19.6 Identification and protection from improper use or disposition. 3.19.7 Reporting to the Government, any GFM or GFE property found damaged, malfunctioning, or otherwise unsuitable for use. In the event of damage or malfunction during or after installation, the supplier must determine and record probable cause and necessity for withholding the material from use. 3.19.8 For GFE material, and as required by the terms of the bailment agreement, the supplier must establish procedures for adequate storage, maintenance, and inspection of bailed Government material. Records of all inspection and maintenance performed on bailed property must be maintained. 3.19.9 Material returned to the contractor must be handled as GFM. 3.20 Traceability and Certification Requirements - To assure that correct materials are installed in Level I/SUBSAFE systems, it is imperative that traceability be maintained from the material to the material certification test report and other required Objective Quality Evidence (OQE). The material certification report must completely and accurately reflect that the material supplied meets the specified requirements. 3.20.1 The following provides the minimum requirements for maintaining material traceability and supplements the requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020 and elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. The Contractor must develop written procedures that implement the material control requirements stated herein. 3.21 Material Traceability - The certification data report must be identified through a unique traceability number, heat-lot number, or heat-treat number, as applicable, which must also be marked on the material. This traceability marking on the material must provide direct traceability to the material"s chemical composition and mechanical properties certification data. For material produced by batch, continuous cast, or continuous pour processes, samples must be taken no less than once in every eight hours of operation for the purpose of validating proper chemical composition and mechanical properties. Traceability must be maintained through all process operations including any subcontracted operations, to the finished component. 3.22 See CDRL DI-MISC-81020 (Chemical and Mechanical) - Material Certification - In addition to the certification data requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020, the following material certification requirements apply: 3.22.1 Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis of material is required ;in accordance with MIL-DTL-1222; .Test reports must be traceable to traceability marking on the material. Material certification test reports must include the class, form, condition, grade, type, finish, and/or composition, as applicable, of the material supplied. 3.22.2 Re-identification and re-certification of material is required when the material is subjected to a process which alters it"s properties. If the starting material or raw stock is processed in a manner that will not affect its chemical composition or mechanical properties, the original certifications for the chemical composition and mechanical properties, as required by the material specification, are acceptable. Re-certification of the chemical or mechanical properties is required if a process is used during fabrication that alters the original properties of the material (e.g. alloying, heat treating, or forming). In these instances, the properties of the material must be re-determined and documented to reflect the altered condition. The altered material must be uniquely re-identified. The properties thus determined and documented, are required for final certification and must conform to the material specification or the contract/purchase order requirements. When only the mechanical properties are altered, the original certification for chemical composition must be overstamped and/or annotated with the unique traceability marking used with the altered material and at a minimum contain the information below. TRACEABILITY MARKING ________________________________________________ (marking on finished item) IS FABRICATED FROM RAW MATERIAL IDENTIFIED TO HEAT/LOT NUMBER ________________ AND HEAT TREAT NUMBER ________________________ (when applicable) _________________________________________ DATE _____________________ (name and signature of auth. co. rep.) 3.22.3 Material certification data forwarded by the manufacturer must contain a signed certification that the report results represent the actual attributes of the material furnished and indicate full compliance with all applicable specification and contract requirements. Transcription of certification data is prohibited. 3.22.4 Statements on material certification documents must be positive and unqualified. Disclaimers such as "to the best of our knowledge" or "we believe the information contained herein is true" are not acceptable. 3.22.5 If material is received without the required certification papers or with incorrect/missing data on the certification papers, the material will be rejected. 3.23 Material Marking for Traceability and Identification - The following are the minimum marking requirements. Additional/alternate marking requirements, if applicable, will be specified elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. In addition to the marking requirements on applicable drawings and/or specifications, marking for traceability is required. All traceability marking must be permanently applied in accordance with MIL-STD-792 (except as specified below). An alternate marking method is permissible provided it is an available option in the contractually invoked specification or drawing, except in instances where the material has been modified by this contract/purchase order and differs from that specified in the specification or drawing. 3.23.1 Fasteners must be marked in accordance with ;MIL-DTL-1222; . The method of marking must

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/253e6cfbace44adba8e83267cc81b76a/view)