---
layout: default
title: 9999--West Haven Grounds and Maintenance
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 3f0c03d4ac6b45af8afe1439b50dc4df
---

# 9999--West Haven Grounds and Maintenance

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-31 10:29:24.28-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0370
- Awardee: null

## Summary

VA Connecticut Healthcare System West Haven Boiler #3 Inspection and Repairs Page 2 of 2 Combined Synopsis Solicitation West Haven VAMC Grounds Maintenance (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number is 36C24126Q0370 and the solicitation is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). (iii) A statement that the solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06. (iv) This requirement is being issued as a SDVOSB set-aside. The associated NAICS 561730 and small business size standard is $25.0 million. (v) The Government intends to award a firm-fixed price award for Grounds Maintenance at the West Haven VAMC. Please see the attached Performance Work Statement for full requirement details. Please complete the Price Schedule below and submit with the quote submission. (vi) The Contractor shall provide all resources necessary to provide Ground Maintenance IAW the attached (Performance Work Statement). Please see the attached PWS for full requirement details. (vii) The Place of Performance is West Haven and Newington as described per the (Performance Work Statement). (viii) Provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial, applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the provision: 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998); 52.204-7 System for Award Management (OCT 2018); 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (JUL 2016); 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990); 852.252-70 Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference (JAN 2008) (ix) Provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Items, applies to this requirement. Site Visit: TBD Submission of Quotes: (1) Quotes shall be received on or before the date and time specified in Section (xv) of this solicitation. Note: Offers received after the due date and time shall not be considered. (2) Offerors shall submit their quotes electronically via email to sheena.carlyle@va.gov. (3) Questions: Questions shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer in writing via e-mail. Oral questions are not acceptable due to the possibility of misunderstanding or misinterpretation. The cut-off date and time for receipt of questions is April 2 2026 by 12:00 PM EST. Questions received after this date and time may not be answered. Questions shall be answered in a formal amendment to the solicitation so all interested parties can see the answers. (4) Quote Format: The submission should be clearly indexed and logically assembled in order of the evaluation criteria below. All pages of the quote shall be appropriately numbered and identified by the complete company name, date and solicitation number in the header and/or footer. Evaluation Process: Award shall be made to the best value, as determined to be the most beneficial to the Government. Please read each section below carefully for the submittals and information required as part of the evaluation. Failure to provide the requested information below shall be considered non-compliant and your quote could be removed from the evaluation process. Offeror quotes shall be evaluated under FAR Part 13.106-2(b) -- Evaluation of Quotations or Offers. Therefore, the Government is not obligated to determine a competitive range, conduct discussions with all contractors, solicit final revised quotes, and use other techniques associated with FAR Part 15. The Government shall award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation shall be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers:Â Price (Follow these instructions): Offeror shall complete Attachment 1 - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor's business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due April 7 2026 by 10:00 AM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: sheena.carlyle@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is sheena.carlyle@va.gov) ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base Fire Life Safety Review

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ GRAND TOTAL __________________ ATTACHMENT 2 PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 STATEMENT OF WORK WEST HAVEN GROUNDS MAINTENANCE VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER WEST HAVEN 950 Campbell Avenue West Haven, CT 06516 BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System requires annual services for grounds maintenance, snow and ice removal, hauling, and treatment services at the West Haven VA Medical Center. JUSTIFICATION Services are required to support active Medical Center access and operations 24-hour access 7 days a week for veterans and staff. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The place of performance for this contract is VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven VA Medical Center located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516 PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Base contract period shall be 05/01/2026 04/30/2027. The contract will also contain provision for four (4) annual option years: Option Year 1: 05/01/2027 04/30/2028 Option Year 2: 05/01/2028 04/30/2029 Option Year 3: 05/01/2029 04/30/2030 Option Year 4: 05/01/2030 04/30/2031 QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall have a field service representative located within 200 miles of, and a minimum response time of 2 hours to, the West Haven Campus of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System and have proper equipment, materials, and support to provide services. Bidders shall provide upon request, documentation of certification/training on the specific equipment under the terms of this contract. The Contracting Officer (CO) and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Service Provider s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon credentials provided. Mandatory Pre-Bid Site Visit Interested bidders shall participate in a mandatory pre-bid site visit and walk through at the VA Medical Center West Haven located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. Bidders shall meet at Building 15 in the Facilities Management Service conference room to complete a sign-in sheet that will be submitted to the VA Contracting Officer. A temporary badge will be required upon arrival to Building 15. A valid Driver s License (any state) is required to obtain a temporary badge. VA Connecticut Healthcare System Facilities Management Maintenance Staff will escort an on campus walk through of all parking lot areas, drives, bays, salt shed storage, snow piling location(s) and any adjacent and/or ancillary spaces. Specific questions shall be directed to the VA Contracting Officer for a response. Description of Services 1. Perform Snow/Ice Removal

1.1 Snow Removal. The Contractor will remove snow from all sidewalks, steps, stairs, stair and ramp landings and entrance ramps as shown in (Appendix A), Snow Removal Map . The Contractor shall clear the sidewalks, steps, stairs, stair and ramp landings and entrance ramps to their full widths of snow accumulation, piles, or drifts. The Contractor will remove snow and ice from around fire hydrants and PIV pipes as indicated on (Appendix B). The Contractor will not use paved areas such as roads and parking lots shown in (Appendix D) for the piling and storage of removed snow. The facility has minimum snow dump area(s) available. The service provider shall pile and stack snow in a safe and efficient manner. Piles shall be stacked to maintain safety and maximum usable parking area. All snow removal zones (Appendix D) covered by this contract are considered as high priority and are expected to be worked on simultaneously. Snow will begin to be removed when accumulation meets one (1) inch and/or within one (1) hour after the snow stops, whichever occurs first. This may require multiple snow/ice removals each day. The Contractor will remove snow from all handicap access points throughout the campus (i.e. near building entrances). These areas must always remain clear of snow and ice. The Contractor will provide roads and parking lot snow removal on the VA West Haven campus, including: Snow Removal Roadways and Drives [Refer to the West Haven Campus Map and Parking Lot Inventory] Clear and remove snow at all roadways on the VA West Haven campus, including Campbell Avenue Entrance, Spring Street Entrance, Lawson Road, Service Road and to include area at Building 1 Loading Dock, Building 2 Loading Dock, Building 2 Main Entrance, Building 5 Main Entrance, Ambulance Bay, Ring Road, and area serving Building 19, Building 16, and Veterans Drive. Parking Lots [Refer to the West Haven Campus Map and Parking Lot Inventory Clear and remove all snow at all parking lots on the VA West Haven campus, including Parking Lot 1, Parking Lot 2, Emergency Room, Parking Lot 4, Parking Lot 5, Parking Lot 6, Parking Lot 7, Parking Lot 8, Parking Lot 10, Parking Lot 14, Parking Lot 15, Parking Lot 16, Fisher House, Parking Lot 18, and Parking Lot 24. Shoveling Clear and remove all snow at all sidewalks, building entrances on the VA West Haven campus, including Ambulance Bay at Building 2, Building 2 Main Entrance, Parking Lot 18, Spring Street, Building 19, Building 21, Building 24, Building 22, Building 5, building 27/34, Building 15, Building 15A, Building 16, Courtyard, Building 35, Building 35A, Building 36, Building 36A, Building 8, Building 8.5, Building 9, Building 39, Building 1 Morgue Loading Dock, Overlook Walkway near Building 1, Building 1 Warehouse Loading Dock, Building 1 PET CT, Steps from Overlook to Fisher House, building 11, Building 11A, Building 12, Building 12A, Building 14A, and Fisher House. West Haven VA Medical Center Parking Lot Inventory Parking Lot Campus Map Regular Spaces Accessible Spaces Parking Lot 1 P1 10 0 Parking Lot 2 P2 19 0 Emergency Room Emergency Care Ambulance Entry Ambulance Entry Parking Lot 4 Parking Garage P4 & Parking Garage 0 8 on street Parking Lot 5 P5 0 30 Parking Lot 6 P6 131 0 Parking Lot 7 P7 10 72 Parking Lot 8 P8 60 0 Parking Lot 10 P9, P10, P11, P12 906 8 Parking Lot 14 P14 19 0 Parking Lot 15 P15 38 0 Parking Lot 16 P16 12 0 Fisher House P17; Gate Operated Parking Lot 18 P18 164 11 Parking Lot 24 Building 24 9 0 Total 1378 129 West Haven VA Medical Center Sidewalk/Walkway and Building Entrance Inventory Description Campus Map/Building Numbers Area (SF) Sidewalk at Glade Street Parking to Spring Street Parking Lot 18 1053 Emergency Room Emergency Care/Ambulance Bay 295 Parking Lot 4 (New Parking Garage Open January 2025) Parking Lot 4 (Parking Garage Not In Contract). 600 Building 2 Main Entrance and Sidewalk to Glade Street and Spring Street Parking Lot 4, Parking Lot 5, Building 2, Parking Lot 3 1195 Sidewalk/Walkways from Ambulance bay to Building 2 Primary Care Entry along Spring Street Building 2, Parking Lot 2 961 Courtyard 25 1400 Sidewalk over Overlook Parking Lot 13 218 Stairs from overlook to Fisher House, and Sidewalks/Walkways at Lower Buildings along Campbell Avenue Building 11, Building 12, Building 11A, Building 12A, Building 14A, Fisher House 1624 Sidewalk along Warehouse Entry to P7 Parking Lot 7, Building 39 1451 Sidewalk/Walkways near Out Buildings 8, 8.5 and 9 Parking Lot 7, Building 8, Building 8.5, Building 9 674 Sidewalk/Walkways near Building 5, Building 27/34, and Building 21 Building 5, Building 34, Building 27, Building 21 480 Walkway/Building Entrance B24 Building 24 53 Sidewalk/Walkways and Building Entrance B22 Building 22 41 Sidewalk/Walkways and Entrances to Building 15A and Building 19 Building 15A, Building 19 466 Sidewalk/Walkways from Building 15 to Building 36 Building 15, Building 35A, Building 35, Building 36 1451 Sidewalk/Walkways at P8 and P9 Parking Lot P8 and Parking Lot P9 674 Total 12,636 SF Snow will be piled in such a manner as to maintain as many parking spaces as possible. At the end of each snowstorm contractor will be responsible for clearing 100% of site parking spaces per Appendix D. Snow can be moved to a limited number of on-site storage areas as directed by the COR or designee. Drive lanes will need to be plowed regardless of parking lot occupancy levels. Ice melt application is part of all snow events. Ice melt application shall be applied at a minimum with each snow/ice melt removal as defined above. Ice and snow melt materials are to be provided by the contractor as part of this contract.

1.2 Ice Removal. The Contractor shall immediately treat and remove ice to provide secure footing on all sidewalks, steps, stairs, stair and ramp landings and entrance ramps (Appendix A) and at the covered in this contract. The contractor will use an approved environmentally friendly ice melt product of Calcium Magnesium Acetate (CMA) such as Inferno or equal. The contractor may not use sand in lieu of approved snow melt. The Contractor will use a salt to treat roads and parking lots or other approved ice control products approved by the COR. A bulk salt storage area will be provided on site for contractor use.

1.3 Personnel Management. Contractor shall provide supervision as needed for full and proper utilization of contractor staff and coordination with the VA COR or Facilities Management Service designee. Contractor is responsible to ensure time billed to the Government adequately and properly accounts for work effort required for each snow/ice event. Provide standard log forms for review and approval by COR prior to the beginning of each option year. Submit daily activity logs and reports documenting each day s activities on campus. 1.4. Service Delivery Summary. The contractor service requirements are summarized into performance objectives that relate directly to mission essential items. The performance threshold briefly describes the minimum acceptable levels of service required for each requirement. These thresholds are critical to mission success.

1.5 Response Time & Hours of Operation The contractor will be required to provide 24/7 response to snow/ice events within a one (1) hour time frame.

1.6 Parking Garage Snow Removal Prior to each winter snow season, and occurring not later than November 1 of each contract year, the contractor and the COR plus VA representatives shall inspect all levels and surfaces in the garage for visible signs of damage. The contractor shall provided a written report, with photographs, documenting all damage identified by the group, no later than 10 calendar days after completion of the walkthrough for review. The COR will review and concur or return comments based on the report contents. The report shall serve as the basis for assessing damage following snow removal activities throughout the winter. The snow removal at the West Haven VA Garage shall be accomplished by using approved snow removal equipment and tools and by utilizing the snow gate and dumping area on site at the garage. These areas shall be reviewed prior to work being performed with the contractor responsible for snow removal. This shall be for the roof level of the garage where snow can accumulate during a snow event. Prior to the first snowfall of the season the contractor shall perform the below items to ensure the safety and protection of people and the Garage. Clearly mark any expansion joints that will not be visible to the operator when snow is present to prevent damage during plowing operations. Establish a snow removal logistics plan for plowing and dumping over the side at the snow gate. Foot traffic areas to be first then deck. Ensure that area where snow will be dumped is roped off and protected from pedestrian traffic. Inspect snow gate for functionality and train operator(s) on use and fall protection that may be required when gate is open. Ensure equipment used to move snow from the bottom of the snow gate to another location on campus is approved for use on sidewalks and landscaping. The following items identify the recommended process for snow removal while using a plow. Plows shall approach seams on the deck at no greater than a 75-degree angle as best as possible and reasonable To prevent premature joint failure or damage, plow shall be held up roughly 1" from the deck surface while plowing. Piling of snow is not authorized as the Garage was not designed for snow loading. A small pile at the snow gate prior to pushing over is okay, but not for long term. The following identifies equipment that can/shall be used for snow removal on the Garage. Snow shovels can always be used. Plow trucks shall not exceed 10,000 pounds fully loaded including any salt/sanding unit. Plow cutting edges or any other snow removal blades that will come into contact with the precast surface shall have a well-maintained rubber tipper blade/edge on them. 2. De-Icing Ice will accumulate on the upper deck and lower decks from precipitation or snow/ice melt from vehicles. The use of de-icing chemicals on Precast Concrete shall be monitored closely for proper, compatible, chemicals as using the wrong product can and will adversely affect the garages efficiency and longevity. This will lead to additional maintenance costs down the road. Prior to the first freeze of the season, the Contractor performing the work will provide the following. Submit the product they intend to use with at least one (1) alternate material in the event there is a shortage on the primary material. Walk the garage with maintenance team to ensure no drains are plugged or causing any ponding on the deck. Walk the garage to review any potential areas where constant attention may be required. Chemical deicer's come in many types, but only a select few are safe for use on precast concrete surfaces. Below are the only products authorized for use. Calcium Magnesium Acetate (CMA) works like rock salt, but does melt snow and ice slower, but it has no adverse effect on the concrete Urea Based deicer's may also be used but require a heavier application than the CMA. Equipment for de-icing must meet the same requirement for snow removal. Any truck-based spreader shall not exceed 10,000 pounds between truck and spreader. Hand spreaders, walk behind, etc. are okay to be used and are recommended. 3. Snow Removal Performance Objectives Performance Objectives SOW Paragraph Performance Standard Acceptable Quality Level Snow Removal

1.1 Snow is removed per section 1.1. Areas covered are safe for pedestrian and vehicle traffic Customer complaints do not exceed 2 per snow event. Ice Control/ Removal

1.2 Ice is treated and removed and is safe for pedestrian and vehicle traffic. Areas have adequate amount of ice melt used for conditions. Customer complaints do not exceed 2 per ice event. 2. Maintain Improved Grounds 2.1. Mow Improved Grounds. Grass shall be cut on approximately 30 acres of improved grounds at the West Haven VA Medical Center (Appendix C). Grass clippings shall be removed or mulched when visible after mowing including from sidewalks and paved areas. Contractor shall maintain the growth of grass height on improved grounds between 3 to 6 inches. The height is a guideline for a neat and professional appearance. All improved grounds shall always look well-manicured. Portable high CFM blowers will not be used to remove trimmings and debris from sidewalks and paved areas during normal working hours where there are personnel and/or where vehicles are parked.

2.2 Edging. Sidewalks, driveways, curbs, and other concrete or asphalt edges located in the improved grounds areas shall be edged at least every other mowing.

2.3 Trimming. Grass and weeds shall be trimmed around trees, shrubs, buildings, fences, poles, posts, fire hydrants, parking lot bumper blocks, boulders, and other fixed obstacles. Trimming height shall match surrounding area grass heights. This task involves all improved grounds as shown in (Appendix C). All areas shall be trimmed concurrent with mowing. Damage to trees and shrubs from trimming shall be repaired by the contractor. If a plant should die or become unhealthy due to damage, the contractor will be responsible for replacing the damaged plant with a plant of same size and type. Plant replacement shall occur within 15 days of noticed or reported damage. Contractor shall use caution and proper equipment/tools for edging performed near vehicles, buildings, and personnel. Contractor shall adjust their working times and hours at no cost to prevent damage to these items.

2.4 Irrigation. The Contractor will maintain and conduct spring turn-on and fall winterization of the irrigation system in front of Building 2 and within the island for the main flagpole near the parking garage.

2.5 Fall Leaf Removal. During the fall months, fallen leaves & branches shall be removed from those areas indicated in (Appendix C). Legally dispose of all debris at an off-site location in accordance with existing local, state, and federal regulations. 2.6. Repair Damaged Areas. Improved ground areas damaged by contractor vehicles and/or equipment shall be seeded or sodded to meet the standards of surrounding areas. Areas other than lawn areas will be repaired and restored to match the surrounding area. 2.7. Damaged or fallen tree removal. The Contractor will be responsible for removing any downed tree limbs and/or fallen trees on site. The Contractor must possess the proper equipment to safely remove damaged or fallen trees to include bucket truck, chipper, and trained chainsaw crews. 2.8. Apply Fertilizer and/or Lime. Not in the scope of work. 2.9. Perform Pest Identification and Control. Not in the scope of work. 2.10. Aerate Soil. Not in the scope of work. 2.11. Emergency and Special Events Services. Not in the scope of work. 3. Maintain Semi-Improved Grounds

3.1 Mow Semi-Improved Grounds. Grass cutting shall be accomplished on 5 acres of semi improved grounds as indicated in Appendix C. Contractor shall maintain grass on semi-improved grounds as set forth in Appendix C from 8 to 12 inches in height.

3.2 Service Delivery Summary. The contractor service requirements are summarized into performance objectives that relate directly to mission essential items. The performance threshold briefly describes the minimum acceptable levels of service required for each requirement. These thresholds are critical to mission success. Performance Objectives SOW Paragraph Performance Standard Quality Assurance Maintain improved and semi-improved grounds.

3.1 Grass is maintained within proper height for its area. Edging, trimming, leaf removal and repair to damaged areas done per the specifications in a timely manner. Customer complaints shall not exceed 2 per month. 4. Maintain Storm Drains

4.1 Storm Drain Cleaning. Storm drain maintenance and cleaning shall be accomplished on the full inventory of storm drains as indicated in Appendix E and Appendix F. Contractor shall maintain storm drains bi-annually in the month of April and October to perform cleaning by removing drain covers, cleaning excess debris inside the drain pipes, inspect at the sewer drain termination point, perform flushing of drain pipes, replace storm drain and termination covers, and inspect grates. Document any broken or defective catch basins. Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer and COR or designee of any such identified catch basins. If broken or defective catch basins prevent services from being completed at that time, coordinate a time to complete the service with the Contracting Officer and COR. Immediately notify the COR of any observations of discharges of sediments or pollutants into the stormwater systems in order to address potential contamination or impact to the system and/or the surface water body. The mechanical storm (vacuum truck or manual) drainage cleaning operation shall be completed in such a manner that there is no damage to the storm drainage structures, inlet grates, manhole covers, pipes or pipe pints. The contractor shall remove the drainage structure grate or cover (if necessary) and remove by mechanical means all materials that obstruct either the structure opening, interior structure pipe openings or pipes such as grass, FboNotices, or debris. Submit cleaning and inspection report to include all deficiencies, inspection data, and photographs within 14 calendar days to the VA Contracting Officer and COR.

4.2 Disposal. Sediment, waste materials and liquids collected in a stormwater system often contain petroleum, heavy metals, and organic matter. As a result, Toxicity Characteristic Leaching Procedure (TCLP) testing or analysis requirements for the destination disposal facility may be required. All testing or analysis are the responsibility of the contractor. The debris removal process shall be compliant to the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) MS4 Permit and the Department of Natural Resources and Environment Regulations. Decanting liquids and/or solids back into the stormwater system or sanitary sewer is strictly prohibited. Provide appropriate disposal of petroleum, contaminated water/oil (liquid phase) in accordance with the US Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) applicable regulations. Submit disposal reports to the VA Contracting Officer and VA COR within 30 calendar days of each scheduled cleaning. Performance Objectives SOW Paragraph Performance Standard Quality Assurance Maintain Storm Drains

4.1 Storm drains are maintained and cleaned annually and full report received in a timely manner. Customer complaints shall not exceed 1 per year. Disposal

4.2 Submit disposal report. Customer complaints shall not exceed 1 per year. 5. Sign-In/Out & Badging All Service Provider personnel, sub-Service Providers and representatives visiting VA sites will be required to sign in upon arrival at Building 15 and/or retain a temporary VA badge. Each visiting individual be required to enter their name, their company s name, VA project title, reason for visit, and the times of arrival and departure. Arrangements for after normal hour working site visits must be made in advance and during normal working hours. 6. Parking Parking is rigidly controlled at the facilit...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sheena Carlyle
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: sheena.carlyle@va.gov
  - Phone: 276-591-0374

## Attachments

**Total: 9 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor"s business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due April 7 2026 by 10:00 AM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: sheena.carlyle@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is sheena.carlyle@va.gov) ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base Fire Life Safety Review
- Attachment 2: PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 STATEMENT OF WORK WEST HAVEN GROUNDS MAINTENANCE VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER WEST HAVEN 950 Campbell Avenue West Haven, CT 06516 BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System requires annual services for grounds maintenance, snow and ice removal, hauling, and treatment services at the West Haven VA Medical Center. JUSTIFICATION Services are required to support active Medical Center access and operations 24-hour access 7 days a week for veterans and staff. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The place of performance for this contract is VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven VA Medical Center located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516 PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Base contract period shall be 05/01/2026 04/30/2027. The contract will also contain provision for four (4) annual option years: Option Year 1: 05/01/2027 04/30/2028 Option Year 2: 05/01/2028 04/30/2029 Option Year 3: 05/01/2029 04/30/2030 Option Year 4: 05/01/2030 04/30/2031 QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall have a field service representative located within 200 miles of, and a minimum response time of 2 hours to, the West Haven Campus of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System and have proper equipment, materials, and support to provide services. Bidders shall provide upon request, documentation of certification/training on the specific equipment under the terms of this contract. The Contracting Officer (CO) and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Service Provider s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon credentials provided. Mandatory Pre-Bid Site Visit Interested bidders shall participate in a mandatory pre-bid site visit and walk through at the VA Medical Center West Haven located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. Bidders shall meet at Building 15 in the Facilities Management Service conference room to complete a sign-in sheet that will be submitted to the VA Contracting Officer. A temporary badge will be required upon arrival to Building 15. A valid Driver s License (any state) is required to obtain a temporary badge. VA Connecticut Healthcare System Facilities Management Maintenance Staff will escort an on campus walk through of all parking lot areas, drives, bays, salt shed storage, snow piling location(s) and any adjacent and/or ancillary spaces. Specific questions shall be directed to the VA Contracting Officer for a response. Description of Services 1. Perform Snow/Ice Removal
- Attachment 3: , Snow Removal Map . The Contractor shall clear the sidewalks, steps, stairs, stair and ramp landings and entrance ramps to their full widths of snow accumulation, piles, or drifts. The Contractor will remove snow and ice from around fire hydrants and PIV pipes as indicated on (Appendix B). The Contractor will not use paved areas such as roads and parking lots shown in (Appendix D) for the piling and storage of removed snow. The facility has minimum snow dump area(s) available. The service provider shall pile and stack snow in a safe and efficient manner. Piles shall be stacked to maintain safety and maximum usable parking area. All snow removal zones (Appendix D) covered by this contract are considered as high priority and are expected to be worked on simultaneously. Snow will begin to be removed when accumulation meets one (1) inch and/or within one (1) hour after the snow stops, whichever occurs first. This may require multiple snow/ice removals each day. The Contractor will remove snow from all handicap access points throughout the campus (i.e. near building entrances). These areas must always remain clear of snow and ice. The Contractor will provide roads and parking lot snow removal on the VA West Haven campus, including: Snow Removal Roadways and Drives [Refer to the West Haven Campus Map and Parking Lot Inventory] Clear and remove snow at all roadways on the VA West Haven campus, including Campbell Avenue Entrance, Spring Street Entrance, Lawson Road, Service Road and to include area at Building 1 Loading Dock, Building 2 Loading Dock, Building 2 Main Entrance, Building 5 Main Entrance, Ambulance Bay, Ring Road, and area serving Building 19, Building 16, and Veterans Drive. Parking Lots [Refer to the West Haven Campus Map and Parking Lot Inventory Clear and remove all snow at all parking lots on the VA West Haven campus, including Parking Lot 1, Parking Lot 2, Emergency Room, Parking Lot 4, Parking Lot 5, Parking Lot 6, Parking Lot 7, Parking Lot 8, Parking Lot 10, Parking Lot 14, Parking Lot 15, Parking Lot 16, Fisher House, Parking Lot 18, and Parking Lot 24. Shoveling Clear and remove all snow at all sidewalks, building entrances on the VA West Haven campus, including Ambulance Bay at Building 2, Building 2 Main Entrance, Parking Lot 18, Spring Street, Building 19, Building 21, Building 24, Building 22, Building 5, building 27/34, Building 15, Building 15A, Building 16, Courtyard, Building 35, Building 35A, Building 36, Building 36A, Building 8, Building 8.5, Building 9, Building 39, Building 1 Morgue Loading Dock, Overlook Walkway near Building 1, Building 1 Warehouse Loading Dock, Building 1 PET CT, Steps from Overlook to Fisher House, building 11, Building 11A, Building 12, Building 12A, Building 14A, and Fisher House. West Haven VA Medical Center Parking Lot Inventory Parking Lot Campus Map Regular Spaces Accessible Spaces Parking Lot 1 P1 10 0 Parking Lot 2 P2 19 0 Emergency Room Emergency Care Ambulance Entry Ambulance Entry Parking Lot 4 Parking Garage P4 & Parking Garage 0 8 on street Parking Lot 5 P5 0 30 Parking Lot 6 P6 131 0 Parking Lot 7 P7 10 72 Parking Lot 8 P8 60 0 Parking Lot 10 P9, P10, P11, P12 906 8 Parking Lot 14 P14 19 0 Parking Lot 15 P15 38 0 Parking Lot 16 P16 12 0 Fisher House P17; Gate Operated Parking Lot 18 P18 164 11 Parking Lot 24 Building 24 9 0 Total 1378 129 West Haven VA Medical Center Sidewalk/Walkway and Building Entrance Inventory Description Campus Map/Building Numbers Area (SF) Sidewalk at Glade Street Parking to Spring Street Parking Lot 18 1053 Emergency Room Emergency Care/Ambulance Bay 295 Parking Lot 4 (New Parking Garage Open January 2025) Parking Lot 4 (Parking Garage Not In Contract). 600 Building 2 Main Entrance and Sidewalk to Glade Street and Spring Street Parking Lot 4, Parking Lot 5, Building 2, Parking Lot 3 1195 Sidewalk/Walkways from Ambulance bay to Building 2 Primary Care Entry along Spring Street Building 2, Parking Lot 2 961 Courtyard 25 1400 Sidewalk over Overlook Parking Lot 13 218 Stairs from overlook to Fisher House, and Sidewalks/Walkways at Lower Buildings along Campbell Avenue Building 11, Building 12, Building 11A, Building 12A, Building 14A, Fisher House 1624 Sidewalk along Warehouse Entry to P7 Parking Lot 7, Building 39 1451 Sidewalk/Walkways near Out Buildings 8, 8.5 and 9 Parking Lot 7, Building 8, Building 8.5, Building 9 674 Sidewalk/Walkways near Building 5, Building 27/34, and Building 21 Building 5, Building 34, Building 27, Building 21 480 Walkway/Building Entrance B24 Building 24 53 Sidewalk/Walkways and Building Entrance B22 Building 22 41 Sidewalk/Walkways and Entrances to Building 15A and Building 19 Building 15A, Building 19 466 Sidewalk/Walkways from Building 15 to Building 36 Building 15, Building 35A, Building 35, Building 36 1451 Sidewalk/Walkways at P8 and P9 Parking Lot P8 and Parking Lot P9 674 Total 12,636 SF Snow will be piled in such a manner as to maintain as many parking spaces as possible. At the end of each snowstorm contractor will be responsible for clearing 100% of site parking spaces per Appendix D. Snow can be moved to a limited number of on-site storage areas as directed by the COR or designee. Drive lanes will need to be plowed regardless of parking lot occupancy levels. Ice melt application is part of all snow events. Ice melt application shall be applied at a minimum with each snow/ice melt removal as defined above. Ice and snow melt materials are to be provided by the contractor as part of this contract
- Attachment 4: and at the covered in this contract. The contractor will use an approved environmentally friendly ice melt product of Calcium Magnesium Acetate (CMA) such as Inferno or equal. The contractor may not use sand in lieu of approved snow melt. The Contractor will use a salt to treat roads and parking lots or other approved ice control products approved by the COR. A bulk salt storage area will be provided on site for contractor use
- Attachment 5: . Grass clippings shall be removed or mulched when visible after mowing including from sidewalks and paved areas. Contractor shall maintain the growth of grass height on improved grounds between 3 to 6 inches. The height is a guideline for a neat and professional appearance. All improved grounds shall always look well-manicured. Portable high CFM blowers will not be used to remove trimmings and debris from sidewalks and paved areas during normal working hours where there are personnel and/or where vehicles are parked
- Attachment 6: . All areas shall be trimmed concurrent with mowing. Damage to trees and shrubs from trimming shall be repaired by the contractor. If a plant should die or become unhealthy due to damage, the contractor will be responsible for replacing the damaged plant with a plant of same size and type. Plant replacement shall occur within 15 days of noticed or reported damage. Contractor shall use caution and proper equipment/tools for edging performed near vehicles, buildings, and personnel. Contractor shall adjust their working times and hours at no cost to prevent damage to these items
- Attachment 7: . Legally dispose of all debris at an off-site location in accordance with existing local, state, and federal regulations. 2.6. Repair Damaged Areas. Improved ground areas damaged by contractor vehicles and/or equipment shall be seeded or sodded to meet the standards of surrounding areas. Areas other than lawn areas will be repaired and restored to match the surrounding area. 2.7. Damaged or fallen tree removal. The Contractor will be responsible for removing any downed tree limbs and/or fallen trees on site. The Contractor must possess the proper equipment to safely remove damaged or fallen trees to include bucket truck, chipper, and trained chainsaw crews. 2.8. Apply Fertilizer and/or Lime. Not in the scope of work. 2.9. Perform Pest Identification and Control. Not in the scope of work. 2.10. Aerate Soil. Not in the scope of work. 2.11. Emergency and Special Events Services. Not in the scope of work. 3. Maintain Semi-Improved Grounds
- Attachment 8: . Contractor shall maintain grass on semi-improved grounds as set forth in Appendix C from 8 to 12 inches in height
- Attachment 9: and Appendix F. Contractor shall maintain storm drains bi-annually in the month of April and October to perform cleaning by removing drain covers, cleaning excess debris inside the drain pipes, inspect at the sewer drain termination point, perform flushing of drain pipes, replace storm drain and termination covers, and inspect grates. Document any broken or defective catch basins. Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer and COR or designee of any such identified catch basins. If broken or defective catch basins prevent services from being completed at that time, coordinate a time to complete the service with the Contracting Officer and COR. Immediately notify the COR of any observations of discharges of sediments or pollutants into the stormwater systems in order to address potential contamination or impact to the system and/or the surface water body. The mechanical storm (vacuum truck or manual) drainage cleaning operation shall be completed in such a manner that there is no damage to the storm drainage structures, inlet grates, manhole covers, pipes or pipe pints. The contractor shall remove the drainage structure grate or cover (if necessary) and remove by mechanical means all materials that obstruct either the structure opening, interior structure pipe openings or pipes such as grass, FboNotices, or debris. Submit cleaning and inspection report to include all deficiencies, inspection data, and photographs within 14 calendar days to the VA Contracting Officer and COR

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3f0c03d4ac6b45af8afe1439b50dc4df/view)