---
layout: default
title: INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE - Standard & Poor's Financial Services (S&P)
agency: TREASURY, DEPARTMENT OF THE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 578d02595e1143b3b4775bb23c1e7ca2
---

# INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE - Standard & Poor's Financial Services (S&P)

- Agency: TREASURY, DEPARTMENT OF THE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-13 11:44:48.98-04
- Solicitation Number: SS-OFR-26-029

## Summary

The Treasury Common Services Center (TCSC), on behalf of the Office of Financial Research (OFR), Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) and Departmental Office (DO) intends to make award to S&P Global Inc (S&P) on a sole source basis, under authority of FAR 6.302-1 for access to all S&P related products and services. These products and services may include but not limited to the following products. The final consolidated product list will be tailored through negotiations and finalized at time of award: S&P Index Data: The Government requires S&P index data which will allow OFR to analyze the S&P 500 earnings trends, revenue and other financial metrics into subsets of the aggregated data. The information required consists of the following indices: S&P 500, S&P Mid Cap 400, S&P Small Cap 600, S&P Composite 1500, S&P 100, S&P 900, S&P 1000, S&P Style, Attribute-Weighted Indices, S&P Select Industries, S&P Preferred Index, and other related sub-indices. History must be available to the 1970s for trend analysis. Not separately priced access for OFR/FSOC users to the supplying firm’s research analysts for bespoke or ad-hoc inquires is necessary. Commercial, proprietary, and governmental legal entity identifiers (LEI) and other reference identification data for financial products: Global and regional commercial, government, and proprietary business classification and financial product classification services (LEI data) is required for the cross reference of financial products and counter party identification. Due diligence databases: Due diligence databases are required which monitor company ownership, financial products and compliance risk through the monitoring of ownership networks and sanction listings, watch lists, regulatory and law enforcement lists, Interpol lists, US Treasury Office of Foreign Asset Control watch lists, financial crime and charges listings, and ownership by Politically Exposed Persons (PEP). Fundamental data and datasets: OFR requires fundamental data (used in fundamental value analysis) which includes the standard financial ratios (e.g. price earnings ratios (P/E), book value, etc.) and company Key Performance Indicators (KPI). This data includes fundamental data and data sets for US and global firms. Data provided must include point in time information including archived history for at least two decades. Macroeconomic research and analysis data feed and analytics: Macroeconomic research and analysis and related analytics are required which are provided on a regional, global, asset or sector basis. This incorporates the tracking of daily business, corporate, and significant news with financial ramifications; comparison of US, regional, and global key economic indicators such as Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth; stock valuation data such as P/E estimates, defined fundamental ratios, and I/B/E/S Global and sector aggregates for markets and stocks; economic point in time data; forecasting and presentation integrated tools; and time series data in the following fundamental areas – bond indices, bonds and convertibles, commodities, credit default swaps, economic indicators, equity indices, exchange rate information, interest rates. Integrated Quantitative Analytic Product Sets: Data feeds and analytics are required which contain at least 10 years of history for back testing and predictive modeling incorporating: measures of analyst consensus; earnings quality measures (the capability of a company to sustain its earnings); price momentum; measures of company intrinsic valuation versus relative valuation; valuation momentum; consolidated measures of company valuation using fundamental valuation ratios; short interest; structural credit risk (uses accounting ratios to assess likelihood of bankruptcy or default); text mining of corporate news and information; and consensus economic forecasts. Entity centric quantitative data analytic product set: Information is required which integrates entity (corporation, hedge fund, sovereign fund, etc.) data, pricing, reference data, and derived analytics. Information regarding the individual entity includes but is not limited to: entity data (entity audit data, parent identification and corporate hierarchies); corporate actions including International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 15022, intraday, global coverage, and historical information; listed market pricing (intraday, end of day pricing and equity fund analytics); valuation pricing (should cost) pricing; historical pricing (evaluated and end of day); and reference data (descriptive data, industry classifications, listing symbols, cross reference and other historical information). Corporate Credit Data – Commentary and Analysis: Access to corporate credit data is required containing: daily analysis on Standard and Poors (S&P)/Loan Syndications &Trading Association (LSTA) US Leveraged Loan 100 Index including price, return, and index level information; weekly secondary rating and industry spreads; total return figures and index levels; and monthly reviews consisting of index general characteristic and results, risk-return profiles, default/distress statistics, and repayment analysis. Corporate and Company Profiles Transactions and SEC Filings: Databases are required with the functionality which allows users to view company profiles, access various research information, view transaction details, view SEC documents, selected relevant news, and company financial information. The database must be compatible with and allow access to the University of Chicago Center for Research in Security Prices (CRSP) and Compustat Merged Database. CRSP data contains security-level historical descriptive information and market data on inactive and active companies from the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotation System (NASDAQ), and Arca exchanges. CRSP US Treasury Database was developed by the Center for Research in Security Prices at the Graduate School of Business, University of Chicago. Credit Rating Data from Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations (NRSRO) for US and Global Entities: [Major Credit Rating Agencies]: The Government requires credit information/ data on but not limited to publicly and privately held firms, banks, and insurance companies and broad classes of equity and debt related assets (such as bonds and credit default swaps), sovereign funds, etc. Global Financial Instruments, Business Entity, and Industry Sector Cross Reference services: These services allow the identification and tracking of financial instruments, issuers, and sector characteristics and health. Global financial cross reference data includes but is not limited to: Cross-reference to major national and international numbering systems Primary and secondary Stock Exchange Daily Official Lists (SEDOLs) and corresponding ISO Market Industry Codes (MIC) ISO Domicile (country of registration) and ISO Currency Codes ISO Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) Code—an ISO standard to identify security type Parent Key to link all issues of a particular issuer. Company names and security descriptions. Predecessor link field provides an appropriate audit trail on number changes. A Successor link field provides anticipated changes to a new CINS number Business Entity cross reference data includes basic descriptive data to identify financial instrument issuers and business entities and includes but is not limited to: entity name, ultimate parent, state, country, region, entity type and entity status, Legal Entity Identifiers (LEI)/Pre-LEIs, NRSO Ratings IDs, Compustat GVKEY, Dun & Bradstreet DUNS, CMA IDs, Markit RED IDs, Moody’s ORG IDs, Fitch ORG IDs, and Committee on Uniform Securities Identification Procedures CUSIP6/CINS6. Business Entity Mapping Data: Business entity to ultimate parent mapping and corporate hierarchies. Industry Sector cross reference data including but not limited to: GICS®, S&P Capital IQ Exchange Traded Fund Classification, S&P Ratings Sectors, ICB Sector Classification SIC – Standard Industrial Classification NAICS – North American Industry Classification System NACE – Nomenclature des Activités Économiques dans la Communauté Européenne ANZSIC – Australian and New Zealand Standard Industrial Classification. The requirements include portal(s) for streamed data, with a downloadable financial data solution without data caps (download size limitations). Persisted data should be included if applicable. Please note all downloaded data must be capable of being exported to Excel as well as common statistical and data analytic packages such as Mat Lab and Python. Terminal based solutions are not acceptable. Information provided must be updated as frequently possible consistent with industry practice. Sample data sets to be included in the resulting IDIQ are as follows: Standard Platform Subscription and Real Time Research Subscription: provides access to company and firm profiles, accesses various research information, including transaction details, SEC filing documents, and pricing back to 1925 when used in conjunction with the CRSP/Compustat merged database. S&P’s status as a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization provides a lengthy history of credit data with the underlying details. OFR requires the ability to view selected news, view company financial information and overlay proprietary information and utilize other functionality in a fully relational, searchable manner. OFR also requires independent financial research from active participants in the financial market –i.e. broker and independent research firm’s reports. S&P CRSP/COMPUSTAT Merged Database: OFR requires access to the CRPS/COMPUSTAT Merged Database which will provide the historical matching of CRSP market and corporate action data with Compustat fundamental data. CRSP is the University of Chicago’s Center for Research in Securities Pricing – the foremost economic research center on US Securities. S&P's Ratings Xpress credit rating product: Is a database containing entity credit ratings for a wide range of companies that issue corporate debt in the U.S. An entity credit rating is a forward looking option about the creditworthiness of an issuer. This database does not require credit ratings for all of the outstanding obligations of individual issuers. The OFR is interested in the entity credit ratings only -which requires entity linked data for this procurement. The database must include the following items: Both “long-term, local currency (i.e., US dollar) issuer” ratings, and “short-term, local currency (i.e., US dollar) issuer” credit ratings for each entity. Monthly updates for any changes to existing company ratings, or for ratings associated with new entities. Entity ratings must be available back to 1980 or earlier. Links to existing databases, which include financial statement data and index membership data, both of which are sourced from Compustat via WRDS. The Compustat data must be linked to the ratings data using a unique entity identifier (i.e., a company-level, not issue level identifier) known as the “GVKEY.” The GVKEY is a form of legal entity identifier. The database must be accessible via two methods: 1) the Wharton Research Data Services (WRDS) web portal, and 2) a “Secured File Transfer Protocol” site which enables a Fractal program to pull the file automatically every period. S&P Global Market Intelligence Enterprise License: that allows access to financial, regulatory, and market data and services, providing aggregated Information and data on the financial industry and institutions (including but not limited to banks, insurance companies, real estate companies, broker-dealers, and asset managers) of the United States and Europe. Services shall include providing general market information and financial and regulatory data on banks, as well as other non-bank financial institutions (including but not limited to insurance companies, real estate companies, broker-dealers, and asset managers). Sector Analytics and information is required on banks without investment portfolio exposure – such as regional and community banks. These are not “investment banks”. This subscription must provide breaking news, financial data, and expert analysis on business sectors-Banking, Insurance, Financial Services, Real Estate, Energy, and Media and Communications-critical to the global economy as well as in depth sector specific analytics required by OFR/FSOC to meet their reporting needs. S&P Global Market Intelligence is the only know subscription that can meet this requirement. These products and services may be available to OFR and or other Government agencies as deemed through an award made on a sole source basis to S&P. NO SOLICITATION IS AVAILABLE. A request for more information, or a copy of the solicitation, will not be considered an affirmative response to this Special Notice. Telephone responses or inquiries to this Special Notice will NOT be accepted. TCSC will consider written responses received no later than Friday, April 24, 2026, 10:00am EST. Responses must be submitted electronically to: Purchasing@fiscal.treasury.gov. referencing SS-OFR- SS-OFR-26-029 Standard & Poor's Financial Services (S&P), Attn. AM/BDC. Responses must include sufficient evidence that clearly shows the vendor is capable of providing the requested products and services. If no written response is received that clearly demonstrates an ability to meet all requirements, is more advantageous to the Government, and is received by the aforementioned deadline, TCSC shall make award on a sole source basis to S&P. Qualified contractors must provide the following: 1. The name and location of your company, contact information, and identify your business size (Large Business, Small Business, Disadvantaged Business, 8(a), Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, HubZone, etc.). Please ensure contact information includes the name of the point of contact, email address, and telephone number should the Government have questions regarding individual responses. 2. UEI Number 3. Specific details of the product(s) that your company offers in regard to this notice 4. Whether your services are available through a Government contract vehicle or Open Market. 5. A brief capabilities statement (not to exceed 5 pages) that includes a description of your company's standard line of business, as well as a list of customers your company currently provides these products/services for. The following file extensions are not allowable, and application materials/data submitted with these extensions cannot be considered: .bat, .cmd, .com, .exe, .pif, .rar, .scr, .vbs, .hta, .cpl, and .zip files. Microsoft Office compatible documents are acceptable. No other information regarding this Special Notice will be provided at this time. This notice does not restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach. All firms responding to this notice are advised that their response is not a request that will be considered for contract award. All interested parties will be required to respond to any resultant solicitation separately from their response to this notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Purchasing
  - Email: purchasing@fiscal.treasury.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Purchasing
  - Email: purchasing@fiscal.treasury.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/578d02595e1143b3b4775bb23c1e7ca2/view)