---
layout: default
title: SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE FOR THE DEVCOM ARMAMENTS CENTER KINETIC COUNTER-UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (C-UAS) INDUSTRY DAY
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 62160ba95d184aa38944841789f324dd
---

# SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE FOR THE DEVCOM ARMAMENTS CENTER KINETIC COUNTER-UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (C-UAS) INDUSTRY DAY

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-23 11:06:01.914-04
- Solicitation Number: W15QKN-26-X-1B0T

## Summary

W15QKN-26-X-1B0T Amendment 0002 DEVCOM Armaments Center Kinetic C-UAS Industry Day The purpose of amendment 0002 to SAM.gov posting W15QKN-26-X-1B0T is as follows: Reiterate that the date for this industry day has been changed to 28 April 2026 All attendees must complete the attached Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) in order to attend industry day. NDA must be submitted with registration, or within 7 days of the posting of amendment 0002 (this notice) for those who have already submitted their registration. Some of the information presented during the Industry Event may contain information with a Distribution “D” restriction but no Secret or Classified information will be shared. As such, all attendees must complete the attached NDA and provide back to the Government in order to attend. Additionally, attendees must be US citizens, and their registered company must be registered and cleared in the Joint Certification Program (JCP) in order to attend. JCP registration will be verified. Companies who have submitted their registration form, NDA and who’s JCP registration has been verified will be contacted directly to confirm they are registered and approved to attend industry day. Due to the large number of responses and to facilitate a meaningful event, registration is being limited to a maximum of two (2) representatives per Company. Additionally, attendance may be limited to Companies who indicate a capability that is in line with the events intent (kinetic c-uas). Any respondents who are determined to be outside the scope of the event will be notified via email. Post the below Questions and Answers posed by interested vendors Questions and Answers: 1. Is this a virtual and onsite industry day, or only onsite? RESPONSE: Onsite only at Picatinny Arsenal 2. Can the white paper be submitted with the registration on or before 10 April, 2026? RESPONSE: Yes, White Papers or Capability statements should be submitted at time of registration, prior to the 10 April 2026 deadline. 3. When is a schedule/instructions for arrival expected to be available? RESPONSE: An agenda will be provided closer to the time of the event. 4. I am NOT an American Citizen can I still attend industry day? RESPONSE: All attendees must be United States citizens. 5. I am a contractor supporting the Headquarters Air Force, can I attend industry day? RESPONSE: At this time registration is limited to Industry partners. In the event that there is space available for Government representatives to attend, they will be contacted by an event representative. 6. VAR required for attendance, or can I just bring a CAC card and ID? RESPONSE: All attendees must submit their registration and NDA in order to attend the event. All visitors will undergo a Criminal Background Check prior to admittance to the Arsenal. All attendee’s must have a Real ID Driver’s license in order to access the Arsenal. If they do not possess a Real ID Driver’s License, they are required to provide a valid Passport or Social Security card (original only) as a secondary form of ID. 7. The registration form on Sam.gov appears to be for vendors/presenters only. Is this the correct form for attendees/observers as well? RESPONSE: At this time registration is limited to Industry partners. In the event that there is space available for Government representatives to attend, they will be contacted by an event representative. 8. Can you please confirm that I have been accepted and will be able to access the event upon my arrival? If I have not been accepted yet, please let me know when I would be notified that I have been accepted. If I would like to submit a 1-2 page company brochure, can I just send it to you? By when do you need that to be submitted? Do I need to resend the Excel file along with the company brochure, or just send it on its own? Please confirm the date, time and address is still correct. RESPONSE: Short marketing material (brochures, capabilities statements, white papers) maximum 2 pages can be submitted along with your registration. Notification of acceptance/rejection of registration will be provided over the next couple of weeks but no later than 15 APRIL 2026. Registration deadline is 10 APRIL 2026. Event details are as follows: Industry is cordially invited to attend the DEVCOM Armaments Center Kinetic C-UAS Industry to be held on 28 April 2026: 0830 to 1630 Eastern Standard Time with check-in to begin at 0800. Location: Cannon Gates Club, Picatinny Arsenal, NJ 07806 9. Could you please advise whether a list of event attendees will be made available to industry? Additionally, we would welcome clarification as to whether a Blue UAS assessment will be a requirement associated with this effort. RESPONSE: A list of Industry registrants/attendees will not be publicly posted. However, the event will allow for ample networking time. Also, there is no specific requirement tied to this event. This event is solely for market research and industry engagement purposes 10. Will there be a separate invitation for Government/Military? RESPONSE: At this time registration is limited to Industry partners. In the event that there is space available for Government representatives to attend, they will be contacted by an event representative. 11. Would you consider having a "Non-Kinetic" C-UAS offered at your Industry Day. RESPONSE: Due to the high volume of interest at this time, “non-kinetic”c-UAS is not being considered. However, there may be interest in the future. Please keep an eye on SAM.gov for any future opportunities that may suit your businesses capabilities. No other changes to posting W15QKN-26-X-1B0T have been made. End of Amendment 0002 W15QKN-26-X-1B0T Amendment 001 DEVCOM Armaments Center Kinetic C-UAS Industry Day The purpose of amendment 0001 to SAM.gov posting W15QKN-26-X-1B0T is as follows: A) Revise the event date to 28 April 2026 from 24 March 2026. Registration must be submitted by 10 April 2026. B) Post the below Questions and Answers posed by interested vendors 1. Will DEVCOM AC Be Conducting 1-On-1 Sessions? RESPONSE: No, One on One sessions will not be held during this event. 2.Are you looking for companies that can provide a complete solution, or would a Sub-system supplier also be welcomed to attend the event? RESPONSE: The Government is interested in engaging with both complete solution providers and sub-system suppliers. 3. Is this a new requirement or a follow-on to an existing contract? If the latter, could you provide me with the Contractor Name and Contract #? RESPONSE: This notice is not associated with any specific requirement or contract. The purpose of the event is to facilitate engagement between Industry and the Government on the state of the technology and market landscape of kinetic Counter-Unmanned Aerial System (C-UAS) systems. 4. Regarding the information requested in the “Required Capabilities” section of the Sources Sought Notice (SSN), is the USG looking for a White Paper response, a 1-2 page brochure on each capability, or will Industry be allowed to present this information during potential 1-on-1 sessions. That portion of the SSN is very unclear – the “required capabilities” request does not have guidance on how Industry should respond. RESPONSE: One on One sessions will not be held during this event. The “Required Capabilities” portion of the notice is to help Industry identify the areas the Government is seeking information. Industry is welcome to submit a capabilities statement prior to the event. As noted in the “Registration” section, company overview/product sheets should be a maximum of 2 pages. 5. In the registration form, do I need to separately list all individuals that will be attending (i.e., each individual is populated as a line item)? Or should I simply include only one line item for the group representing our organization? If attendees should be listed separately, what is meant by “Please list priority order” in cell D4 with regard to full legal name? Response- All individuals must be listed separately. This is required for access to Picatinny Arsenal for the event. Priority order must be included in the event attendance needs to be scaled back due to venue size restrictions. 6. For the required Company Overview/Product Sheet document – is this simply a general overview or do we need to include information specific to C-UAS? If it is the latter, what kind of information is required? Is it the information described as sought by DEVCOM AC under “REQUIRED CAPABILITIES” in the referenced notice? Response- The “Required Capabilities” portion of the notice is to help Industry identify the areas the Government is seeking information. Industry is welcome to submit a capabilities statement prior to the event. As noted in the “Registration” section, company overview/product sheets should be a maximum of 2 pages. While general information is acceptable, capabilities specifically related to the “Required Capabilities” would be beneficial. 7. We are a Traditional Large Business > 1000, I would like to check with you if we are eligible to respond to this notice and participate to the Industry Day? Response - The Industry Day event is open to all businesses regardless of size. 8. I am on a DEVCOM AC project team working on small-caliber C-UAS solutions, and we have an interest in learning about current COTS solutions within this area. Is registration required for us to attend the industry day on 3/24 (or is there any attendance cap)? Could I be added to any distribution list in the event that there are changes/updates made to the event? Response- Thank you for your interest in attending this event. Due to space limitations, priority will be given to our industry partners to ensure maximum engagement with the private sector. However, if additional space becomes available, we will let you know and offer a seat to you. Government representatives will also be happy to share key findings and insights from the event with other Government personnel. We appreciate your understanding and support as we work to make this event as impactful as possible. Please complete the Registration form and indicate what Government agency you are from in Company name, and in the Capabilities section, please enter your Mission and how it relates to kinetic C-UAS. 9. I am a contractor at DHS in the C-UAS team, would like us to also fill out and submit the same Excel registration form as the companies? Response- Thank you for your interest in attending this event. Due to space limitations, priority will be given to our industry partners to ensure maximum engagement with the private sector. However, if additional space becomes available, we will let you know and offer a seat to you. Government representatives will also be happy to share key findings and insights from the event with other Government personnel. We appreciate your understanding and support as we work to make this event as impactful as possible. Please complete the Registration form and indicate what Government agency you are from in Company name, and in the Capabilities section, please enter your Mission and how it relates to kinetic C-UAS. 10. Is there any more information available regarding this industry day? Suggestions for local hotels or anything else like that? Agenda? Dress Code? ID requirements or any pre-authorizations beyond what I've already submitted? Anything else we'd need to be aware of or provide? Response- Lodging can be found in Rockaway, NJ, which is the closest town to Picatinny Arsenal. All attendee’s must have a Real ID Driver’s license in order to access the Arsenal. If they do not possess a Real ID Driver’s License, they are required to provide a valid Passport or Social Security card (original only) as a secondary form of ID. All visitors will undergo a Criminal Background Check prior to admittance to the Arsenal. 11. Am I correct in assuming that another military organization such as T2com is the user for this solicitation? If not T2com, are you at liberty to share the name of that organization? If so, would you also be at liberty to provide a point of contact/contact information within that organization, if possible as it would be very helpful to be able to communicate directly with them? I am really trying to find someone who can provide any additional existing requirements documents for short range UAS to see which might be compatible with the products we are currently developing. Response- This event is being hosted by DEVCOM AC, which is an organization within T2COM. This event is not linked to any specific requirement or request for proposals. The Government is interested in engaging with both complete solution providers and sub-system suppliers. If you believe your firm has potential kinetic C-UAS solution/s please feel free to submit your registration for this event. No other changes to posting W15QKN-26-X-1B0T have been made. End of Amendment 0001 INTRODUCTION The United States (U.S.) Army Contracting Command-New Jersey (ACC-NJ), Picatinny Arsenal, NJ 07806-5000, on behalf of U.S. Army Combat Capabilities Development Command (DEVCOM) Armaments Center (AC), located at Picatinny Arsenal, New Jersey, is issuing this Sources Sought Notice (SSN) as a means of conducting Market Research to identify potential sources having an interest in supporting the development of kinetic Counter-Unmanned Aerial System (C-UAS) systems. The results of this Market Research will contribute to determining the scope of further development and potential development partners. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding submissions. PROGRAM BACKGROUND The Army is pursuing C-UAS concepts for several key reasons, stemming from an evolving threat landscape and a need for adaptable defensive capabilities. Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) are increasingly accessible and utilized by potential adversaries, posing a growing threat to personnel, facilities, and operations. This threat is not static and requires a dynamic defensive approach. The speed and agility of UAS necessitates a rapid and effective response capability. Traditional air defense systems are often not suited to address the low-altitude, slow-moving threat posed by many UAS. The Army requires a C-UAS capability that can be adapted to a variety of missions and environments. Developing a modular platform-agnostic system allows for the integration of diverse countermeasures tailored to specific threats. C-UAS capabilities are critical for protecting Soldiers, bases, and critical infrastructure from the potential hazards posed by hostile UAS, including reconnaissance, electronic warfare, and direct attack. Investing in C-UAS technologies ensures the Army maintains a technological advantage over potential adversaries who may be employing UAS. The Army is pursuing C-UAS concepts to address a significant and evolving threat, protect its forces, and maintain its operational advantage on the modern battlefield. TIMELINE & CONTEXT DEVCOM AC has extensive experience providing cutting-edge capabilities to the warfighter through joint U.S. Government agency collaboration to inform requirements development for the future fight utilizing C-UAS technologies. DEVCOM AC maintains a strong Science and Technology (S&T) presence in the C-UAS domain, with previous efforts delivering component and system capabilities. DEVCOM AC is now prepared to host an Industry Day to further explain this developing C-UAS integration approach and its potential for industry collaboration. REQUIRED CAPABILITIES To accelerate the development of a robust and adaptable C-UAS capability, we are seeking information on current and emerging technologies for the kinetic, physical defeat of small UAS. We require details in the following key areas: Information on the specific modality of defeat, such as gun/munition-based, Interceptor UAS, etc. Information on tested or predicted capabilities, such as defeat ranges, cost-per-kill, and stowed kills (magazine depth). Description of the Size, Weight, Power, and Cost of the overall system and effectors. Information on the Technology Readiness Level (TRL) and overall maturity of the design, to include development timelines and planned demonstrations. Description of potential collateral damage effects of the system. Information on interoperability with Command & Control (C2) systems, C-UAS detection and tracking sensors, mobility platforms, and other weapon systems. Descriptions of safety features, protocols, and architectures critical for the safe and reliable operation, including fail-safe mechanisms and hazard mitigation strategies. Information on any other specific capabilities or limitations of the system. PURPOSE The rapid evolution and increasing proliferation of UAS technology necessitate a comprehensive understanding of available kinetic Counter-UAS (C-UAS) solutions. This Sources Sought Notice and accompanying Industry Day are designed to identify, understand, and evaluate all kinetic C-UAS approaches currently offered by industry. Our goal is to gain a complete picture of the current kinetic C-UAS landscape to inform future development efforts. INDUSTRY DAY DEVCOM AC is hosting an in-person one-day Industry Day event on 28 April 2026 to discuss current C-UAS concepts and technologies. Key Government stakeholders involved in C-UAS capability development will be in attendance. The morning session will feature presentations from Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) outlining key aspects of the C-UAS mission, including user needs, design considerations, mission constraints, and relevant safety considerations. The afternoon will be dedicated to a panel discussion with Government SMEs, providing industry partners with an opportunity to ask questions regarding the current approach to C-UAS concepts. Please note that no competition-sensitive or vendor proprietary information will be released. General questions from industry clarifying points from the Government’s presentation may be shared with all participants. All company information received will be treated confidentially. The Government will not entertain contractor non-disclosure agreements (NDAs). Industry is cordially invited to attend the DEVCOM Armaments Center Kinetic C-UAS Industry to be held on 28 April 2026: 0830 to 1630 Eastern Standard Time with check-in to begin at 0800. Location: Cannon Gates Club, Picatinny Arsenal, NJ 07806 EVENT ADMINISTRATIVE NOTES Please refrain from bringing large hardware. REGISTRATION Registration will be limited to U.S. based companies. Foreign visitors will not be granted admittance to the event. Registration may be limited due to facility size restrictions. Companies interested in attending the DEVCOM Armaments Center Kinetic C-UAS Industry Day must complete the following: DEVCOM Armaments Center Kinetic C-UAS Industry Day Registration. Company Overview/Product Sheet (Maximum 2 pages, 12-point font, 3-4 pictures) Complete registration form (attachment 1) for all participants and send Company Overviews to the Registration Point of Contacts (POCs), Qendresa Neza at email: qendresa.neza.civ@army.mil and Nicole L. Thalmann, Nicole.l.thalmann.civ@army.mil with the Subject Line “Response to DEVCOM Armaments Center Kinetic C-UAS Industry Day, Company Name.” Registration must be submitted by 10 April 2026. Attendee substitutions will be permitted if advance notice and all required documentation is provided at least seven days before the Industry Day. All other substitutions are prohibited. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted. PRE-INDUSTRY DAY QUESTIONS Pre-Industry Day questions can be submitted in advance (before the registration cut-off) of the event. Questions and answers (Q&A) will be presented and addressed with other companies present, in an open forum during the general Q&A session. All information discussed at Industry Day will be unclassified. Please submit questions with your registration form, if you have already submitted the form please send them by 10 April 2026 by 5 p.m. Eastern Time to the Registration POCs: Qendresa Neza at email: qendresa.neza.civ@army.mil, Nicole L. Thalmann, nicole.l.thalmann.civ@army.mil. ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 332994 with a Small Business Size Standard of 1000. The Product Service Code (PSC) is 1095. DISCLAIMER This Sources Sought Notice is for Informational Purposes Only. This is not a Request For Proposal (RFP) to be submitted. It does not constitute a solicitation and shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government. Responses in any form are not offers and the Government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. In accordance with FAR 52.215-3 request for information or solicitation for planning purposes, the Government will not pay for any costs incurred as a result of this special notice; to include any costs associated with attending the Industry Day #1 as well as any costs associated with a cancellation of this event for any reason, including but not limited to funding constraints. All information submitted in response to this special notice, or the Industry Day, shall be provided at no cost or obligation by the Government. The Government is not obligated to notify respondents of any results of the Industry Day. Any information submitted by respondents to this technical description is strictly voluntary and any documentation provided to the Government will not be returned.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Qendresa Neza
  - Email: qendresa.neza.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Nicole Thalmann
  - Email: nicole.l.thalmann.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for all participants and send Company Overviews to the Registration Point of Contacts (POCs), Qendresa Neza at email: qendresa.neza.civ@army.mil and Nicole L. Thalmann, Nicole.l.thalmann.civ@army.mil with the Subject Line “Response to DEVCOM Armaments Center Kinetic C-UAS Industry Day, Company Name.” Registration must be submitted by 10 April 2026. Attendee substitutions will be permitted if advance notice and all required documentation is provided at least seven days before the Industry Day. All other substitutions are prohibited. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted. PRE-INDUSTRY DAY QUESTIONS Pre-Industry Day questions can be submitted in advance (before the registration cut-off) of the event. Questions and answers (Q&A) will be presented and addressed with other companies present, in an open forum during the general Q&A session. All information discussed at Industry Day will be unclassified. Please submit questions with your registration form, if you have already submitted the form please send them by 10 April 2026 by 5 p.m. Eastern Time to the Registration POCs: Qendresa Neza at email: qendresa.neza.civ@army.mil, Nicole L. Thalmann, nicole.l.thalmann.civ@army.mil. ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 332994 with a Small Business Size Standard of 1000. The Product Service Code (PSC) is 1095. DISCLAIMER This Sources Sought Notice is for Informational Purposes Only. This is not a Request For Proposal (RFP) to be submitted. It does not constitute a solicitation and shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government. Responses in any form are not offers and the Government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. In accordance with FAR 52.215-3 request for information or solicitation for planning purposes, the Government will not pay for any costs incurred as a result of this special notice; to include any costs associated with attending the Industry Day #1 as well as any costs associated with a cancellation of this event for any reason, including but not limited to funding constraints. All information submitted in response to this special notice, or the Industry Day, shall be provided at no cost or obligation by the Government. The Government is not obligated to notify respondents of any results of the Industry Day. Any information submitted by respondents to this technical description is strictly voluntary and any documentation provided to the Government will not be returned

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/62160ba95d184aa38944841789f324dd/view)