---
layout: default
title: VALVE,STOP AND STOP
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 4c3e086a2bee47939a28a00f4c3bcacb
---

# VALVE,STOP AND STOP

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 08:28:45.752-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QZA72

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|See specification sections C and E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|x||x|||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|b| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications Combo - Receiving Report & Invoice - Material ||TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|N50286|TBD|133.2||N/A|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|one year from date of delivery|one year from date of delivery||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|332919|750|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||x| 1.This is a procurement for the Level One Program. 2.DD1423 Data Item A001 (Inspection and Test Plan) may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. 3.Drawings can be accessed thru: sam.gov. 4.All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 5.Partial and early delivery of requirement is authorized and desired and is at no additional cost to either the vendor or the Government. 6.NAVSUP WSS will be considering past performance in the evaluation of offers. See Clause 252.204-7024. 7.This award will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 8.This is a rated order certified for national defense use and the Contractor will follow all requirements of the Defense Priorities and Allocations System Regulation (15 CFR 700), see clause 52.211-14. 9.This requirement may be issued pursuant to EAF. 10.The BIDSET contains NOFORN drawings and documents as well as confidential drawings. Prior to receiving the confidential drawings, a DD254 will be completed. 11.The following proposed delivery schedule applies: Submission of all certification data CDRLS 20 days prior to delivery. PNSY review/acceptance of certification CDRLS 18 working days after receipt. Final delivery of material (450 days) 1. SCOPE 1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 1.2 ;1 - NSN 1H9510-01-495-9543X2 will be supplied to the successful bidder for the manufacture ofstems and discs.; 1.3 ;NSN 1H9510-01-495-9543X2 will be supplied to the successful bidder for the manufacture of stems and discs.; 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 2.2 Identification of Classified Documents - This contract/purchase order requires the Contractor to have authorized access to classified documents in accordance with the attached Contract Security Classification Specification (DD Form 254). The classified documents and security level are: ;4384676 - CONFIDENTIAL; 2.3 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.3.1 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. 2.3.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.3.3 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. DRAWING DATA=4384676 |53711| C| |D|0001 | C|00026|0000000 DRAWING DATA=5959306 |53711| E| |D|0001 | E|00026|0000000 DRAWING DATA=5959306E1 |53711| A|ER |D|0001 | A|00026|0000000 DRAWING DATA=5959306E2 |53711| A|ER |D|0001 | A|00026|0000000 DRAWING DATA=5959306E3 |53711| B|ER |D|0001 | B|00026|0000000 DRAWING DATA=5959306E7 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 | | |B |190424|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 |0020| |B |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B150 | | | |190401|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B381 | | | |130701|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B564 | | | |191101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-1222 | | |J |001208|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2035 | | |A |950515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE AMS 4931 | | |G |191101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-15024 | | |G |180303|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=A-A-59004 | | |B |081118|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE AMS-STD-2154 | | |E |210701|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Complete 1/2 Inch IPS, Seawater Service, Socket Weld End Connections, Stop Check Valve mustbe in accordance with NAVSEA Drawing 803-5959306 assembly 803-5959306-T-121 and all EngineeringReports provided, except as amplified or modified herein.; 3.2 Material for Parts Requiring Certification - Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis is required for the parts listed below unless specifically stated otherwise: Part - ;Bonnet, item no. 2; Material - ; ASTM-B381, Grade F-2 (with properties modified by note 4.H of drawing 803-5959306); Part - ;Union-Bonnet Ring, item no. 3; Material - ;ASTM-B150, Alloy UNS C63200; Part - ;Stem, item no. 33 and Disc, item no. 35; Material - ;SAE AMS 4931 with mechanical properties in accordance with EB SPEC 4581. NSN 1H9510-01-495-9543X2 will be supplied to the successful bidder for the manufacture of the stems and discs. Thematerial is procured by the Navy with c ertifications and is heat traceable. Manufacturer must maintainheat traceabili ty throughout production. Stems and Discs (worded as applicable) must be ma rked withthe heat number of the material provided.; Part - ;Body-Stop Check Valve, item no. 30; Material - ;ASTM-B564, Alloy UNS N06625; 3.3 Testing Certification - Certifications are required for the following tests on the items listed below. Additional testing on other piece parts (if any) per applicable drawings and specifications is still required, but certifications are only required as listed below. Test - ;Dye Penetrant Inspection; Item - ;All hard faced and cladded surfaces after final machining; Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 Acceptance - MIL-STD-2035 Test - ;Dye Penetrant Inspection; Item - ;union-bonnet ring, body, bonnet, disc, and stem; Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 Acceptance - MIL-STD-2035 Test - Ultrasonic Inspection Item - ;Bonnet starting material; Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 Acceptance - Any indication greater than or equal to the response from the Class B quality level requirements of Table 6 of SAE AMS-STD-2154 must be cause for rejection. Test - ;Ultrasonic Inspection per note 5.B. of drawing 803-5959306; Item - ;Body (starting material); Performance - ;T9074-AS-GIB-010/271; Acceptance - ;General Note 5.C. of drawing 803-5959306; Test - Pressure Tests Item - Each Assembly Performance - ;General Note 1.A.(2) of drawing 803-5959306; Acceptance - ;General Note 1.A.(2) of drawing 803-5959306; Test - Non-Destructive Tests Item - ;Weld Repair (as applicable); Performance - Per applicable fabrication specification Acceptance - Per applicable fabrication specification 3.4 O-ring grooves and mating sealing surfaces must be inspected per the contractually invoked drawings or specifications. When the drawings or specifications do not provide specific defect criteria or state that no defects are allowed, the General Acceptance Criteria (GAC) standard must be used for inspecting O-ring grooves and mating sealing surfaces only. Repairs to sealing surfaces and O-ring grooves with unacceptable defects may be accomplished within the limits of the size and tolerances provided in the applicable drawing. Repairs thatwould exceed these limits require approval (including final dimensions). The data that is red lined (crossed out) is excluded from the GAC for this contract and is not to be used for acceptance or rejection criteria. The GAC document is identified as Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD008 at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 3.5 The pressure tolerance must be as specified in the assembly drawing, detail drawing, design specification or elsewhere in this contract. Where pressure tolerances are not provided by drawings, specifications or specified elsewhere in this contract, the following must be used: For pressure tests below 100 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +1 PSIG / -0 PSIG. For pressure tests at or above 100 PSIG up to and including 2500 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +2% / -0 PSIG rounded off to the nearest multiple of the smallest graduation on an analog test pressure gauge, not to exceed 50 PSIG. For pressure tests above 2500 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +2% / -0 PSIG, rounded off to the nearest multiple of the smallest graduation on an analog test pressure gauge, not to exceed 200 PSIG. The pressure test time tolerance must be as specified in the assembly drawing, detail drawing, design specification or elsewhere in this contract. Where pressure test time tolerances are not provided by drawings, specifications or specified elsewhere in this contract, the following must be used: For a test duration up to and including 1 hour, the tolerance must be +5 minutes / - 0 minutes. For a test duration of more than 1 hour up to and including 24 hours, the tolerance must be +30 minutes / - 0 minutes. For a test duration of more than 24 hours, the tolerance must be +60 minutes / - 0 minutes. 3.6 Confidential Hydrostatic Test Pressures - When test pressures are confidential, certification must reference ;803-4384676 Revision C; and the item number to which the item was tested in lieu of the actual pressures. Any drawing requirement to mark the working pressure on the item does not apply and is strictly prohibited. 3.7 Welding or Brazing - When welding, brazing, and allied processes are required, as invoked by Section C paragraph 3 requirements, they must be in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, 0900-LP-001-7000 for brazing of piping and pressure vessel applications, or S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 for brazing of other applications. For all production and repair welding and brazing, personnel and procedures must be qualified under S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 or 0900-LP-001-7000, as applicable. Repair welding is not permitted on ;titanium parts; . Procedures and Qualification Data must be submitted for review and approval prior to performing any welding or brazing. 3.8 Forging Sketches and FAT for Forgings - Forging Sketches and First Article Testing for forgings are required for ;Body-Stop Check Valve, item no. 30 and bonnet; Item 2; per ;drawing 803-5959306 General Note 4.K for body, item 30 and General Note 4.K(2) for thebonnet, item 2; . 3.9 ;Cladding must be in accordance with note 4.L of drawing 5959306 except that welding personneland procedures must be qualified under NAVSEA Technical Publication S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248.; 3.10 ;Material certifications for the stems and discs are to be provided by Portsmouth NavyShipyard Code 550 or Code 139 during receipt inspection.; 3.11 First Article Approval (Contractor Testing) - First Article Test (FAT) and approval is required. 3.12 Internal Threads - All internal threads must be formed by cutting. Cold forming of internal threads is not acceptable. 3.13 Thread Inspection Requirements - All threads on threaded parts must be inspected using appropriate inspection methods, inspection systems, and inspection gages/instruments in accordance with FED-STD-H28 series. Substitution of thecommercial equivalent inspection in accordance with ASME B1 series is acceptable. 3.13.1 System 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used as a minimum inspection requirement for threads when the design drawing or design specification does not specify an inspection requirement. 3.13.2 For Navy and Shipyard drawings, system 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 may be substituted for System 22 without further Navy approval when the design drawing invokes System 22 and does not cite governing specifications that specifically require system 22. System 22 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used when the drawing references other governing specifications that specifically require System 22, such as certain thread types of MIL-DTL-1222. 3.13.3 A written request for concurrence must be submitted when utilizing alternative measuring equipment or measuring systems not applicable to the specified inspection system. 3.14 Thread Lubricant - Thread lubricants containing molybdenum disulfide must not be used on this material. Bacteria in water, especially seawater, causes molybdenum disulfide to break down. The by-products of the breakdown form compounds which attack the fasteners. Anti-galling compound A-A-59004 must be used as a replacement when thread lubricant is required for assembly. 3.15 Component Identification Description (CID) - When applicable drawing(s) and/or specification(s) specify that a nameplate or identification plate is required, the CID number ( ;CID 887035980X; ) must be added. When no plate is specified, an identification plate in accordance with MIL-DTL-15024, Type "C" on brass or Type "H" on aluminum must be securely attached to each assembly showing the above CID number. No assembly must be shipped without the CID number attached. 3.16 NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010 - Any applicable requirements of NAVSHIPS 4410.17,NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010, or 0948-045-7010 which the contractor must meet are included in this contract/purchase order. The above documents are for GovernmentUse Only. Further application of the above documents is prohibited.prohibited. 3.16.1 Marking of material with a Material Designator per the Drawing is also prohibited, with the exception of Fasteners. Fasteners must be marked with a Material Symbol/Designator as specified elsewhere in this contract. 3.17 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. 3.18 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.18.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.18.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.18.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change. 3.19 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^ 3.20 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Test Certification) - A statement of tests performed, listing the pieces tested must be furnished along with a copy of the test results. Certification must include the contractor's name, address and date, quantity inspected, identified to the contract/purchase order and item number, and the Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature. Test certifications must reference the standard/specification, including the revision, to which the testing was performed and the acceptance criteria used. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. Test reports on weldments must be identified to weld joint and layer. 3.21 See CDRLs DI-MISC-80875 (welding procedures) and DI-MISC-80876 (weld procedure qualification data) - When production or repair welding is required, the applicable welding procedure(s) and qualification data must be submitted for review and approval. In addition, the CONSUMED WELD METAL C of C as defined below must be submitted as part of the certification OQE package submitted by the Contractor. Note: These requirements do not apply to tack/spot welds when the conditions of Section 4.2.1.1 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 are met. 3.21.1 Approval of the Contractor's qualification data must be obtained prior to performing any welding (production or repair). 3.21.2 If the Contractors qualification data has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the procedures and qualification data report to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable welding procedure and qualification data report identification/number. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. As far as practical, all procedures for the contract must be submitted at the same time. Welding procedures and qualification data must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. The contractor must state the applicability of each weld procedure and qualification data submitted, citing the drawing number and pieces to be welded. (i.e. "WP-123 and QD-123 are submitted for the weld joint between pieces 1 and 2 on drawing ABC." WP-456 and QD-456 are submitted for the hardfacing of piece 3 on drawing XYZ.") 3.21.3 The PCO's authorization for the use of weld procedure(s) and qualification data for the specific application as submitted does not mitigate the vendors responsibility to comply with the requirements of S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248, S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, and the contract. 3.21.4 Authority for the repair of Special Repairs in castings, the repair of wrought material, or the repair of forged material must be obtained via request for waiver from the Procurement Contracting Officer. This request must describe the defect; including size, depth, location, and a description of the proposed repair. Repairs deemed minor or nominal in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 can be made at contractor discretion in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 requirements; however, Weld Procedure Specification (WPS) and Procedure Qualification Record (PQR) submittals are still required. This request for NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted via the Electronic Contractor Data Submission (ECDS) application. 3.21.5 Any new procedure qualification performed under this Contract will require the vendor to provide a minimum 72 hour notification to DCMA with an offer to observe the welding of the test assemblies. The 72 hour time limit may be modified upon mutual agreement between the vendor and DCMA. 3.21.6 When drawings require hardfacing surface Iron or Nickel content not to exceed 5%, the contractor must verify surface Iron or Nickel content by performing chemical testing as defined by the applicable drawing. The chemical test results must be submitted as part of the qualification data. 3.21.7 Additional qualification requirements for production hardfacing thickness less than 1/8-inch: Macro-etch (or legible photomacrographs clearly showing the fusion area) must be submitted for review and show consistent, minimized dilution. All essential elements and any elements not listed in S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 that influence dilution must be in the qualification data and weld procedure, with strict limits placed on each essential element. 3.21.8 Preparation and retention of weld records is required, as specified by paragraph 4.1.3 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278. 3.21.9 When production or repair welding is required on titanium materials, the applicable fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, and active welder qualification must also be submitted for review and approval. 3.21.10 If the contractor's fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, or active welder qualification has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the applicable documentation to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable documentation. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. The contractor's fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, and active welder qualification must be submitted at the same time as the applicable welding procedure(s) and weld procedure qualification data. All documentation must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format, such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. 3.21.11 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Consumed Weld Metal) - A Certificate of Compliance is required for all weld filler metals used for production or repair welding, and must include the following: a) Filler Metal LOT number(s) b) Specification and Type c) A positive statement that the vendor has obtained OQE and verified that each LOT of weld filler material conforms to specification requirements. d) A positive statement verifying that the weld filler metals were the correct material type or grade prior to consumption. 3.21.12 When production welds or repair welds are performed by a subcontractor,the requirement for submission of all certification documentation required herein must be passed down to the subcontractor. 3.22 See CDRL DI-NDTI-80809 (First Article Testing) - First Article Test/Inspection (Contractor) - The Contractor must conduct ;non-destructive; First Article Test/Inspection on ;one (1); unit(s) in accordance with requirements ;General Note 2 of drawing 803-5959306; . 3.23 See CDRL DI-FORG-80412 (Forging Manufacturing Sketches) and DI-FORG-80962 (First Article Forging Report) - The Forging Sketch must include additional First Article requirements as follows: 1 - 100% Ultrasonic Testing must be performed. 2 - A minimum of two longitudinal and two transverse tensile tests must be taken. One of each must be taken near the geometric center of the forging. Other longitudinal and transverse tensile tests must be taken from areas representing all section thicknesses. (section thickness is based upon final machined dimensions) 3.24 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-45662, is acceptable as an alternate. 3.24.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/nonacceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.24.2 The Contractor's quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.24.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of Level I/SUBSAFE (LI/SS) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.24.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.24.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require re-submittal to the PCO and concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption. 3.25 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. Inspection records must be traceable to the material inspected. 3.25.1 The supplier's gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.25.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative. 3.26 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately." 3.26.1 The prime contractor's program must include procedures to assess the capability of the prospective suppliers to produce the products or supply the services in accordance with the contract, prior to the issuance of any purchase document. 3.26.2 Each sub-tier supplier of material or services for items in ...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Electronic Mail: MICHAEL.E.THOMAN2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL
  - Email: MICHAEL.E.THOMAN2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4c3e086a2bee47939a28a00f4c3bcacb/view