---
layout: default
title: Request for Information (RFI) for Legacy Applications Technical and Operational Support Services (LATOSS)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: ee9e0429ac5840b2a0f1e1b549790660
---

# Request for Information (RFI) for Legacy Applications Technical and Operational Support Services (LATOSS)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-07 11:32:29.315-04
- Solicitation Number: W91ZLK-26-Q-A005

## Summary

Procurement Type: Request for Information Title: Legacy Applications Technical and Operational Support Services (LATOSS) Response Date: 17 April 2026 at 12:00 PM Eastern Primary Point of Contact: Tiffany D. White, Contract Specialist Birgit M. Jones, Contracting Officer

1.0 Purpose and Introduction The Army Contracting Command–Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG), Installation and Technology Division, Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, is issuing this Request for Information (RFI) to conduct additional market research and assess industry capability to meet the Army’s requirement for Legacy Applications Technical and Operational Support Services (LATOSS) in support of the Defense Commissary Agency (DeCA)’s. This is not a solicitation for proposals, a promise to issue a solicitation in the future, or a commitment to purchase any products or services. The information provided in this RFI is subject to change and is not binding on the Government. The Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this RFI. All costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the interested party’s expense. The purpose of this RFI is to identify sources and gain knowledge of interest, capabilities and qualifications of various members of the IT Schedule 70 Program, Category

132.51 Information Technology Professional Services, to compete for and perform this Task Order. Specifically, DeCA is seeking information from qualified industry partners regarding the ability to meet the following performance objectives: • Legacy and Core Systems’ Environment. DeCA’s Headquarters at Fort Lee, VA, hosts various corporate and resource management applications on-premises using commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS), government-off-the-shelf (GOTS), in-house developed applications, and applications which are accessed from the approximately 5,500 Agency computers deployed world-wide. The systems are a collection of archaic programming languages (COBOL, AcuCOBOL, PL-SQL, SQL-Forms, etc.) and proprietary software tools (BARCODE - Ruediger Kerkloh, Ascheberg/Germany; apPopupMenu – APY Software; Wforms and MKeys – Mustow Software; Forms Electric – Visual Software). It consists of millions of lines of undocumented DeCA business processes that have been developed and refined over 25 years with more than 4000 processes custom coded in COBOL. • DeCA Interactive Business System (DIBS) is a legacy, mission essential, Government custom COBOL application for resale automated business system in use at the headquarters and all commissaries to handle ordering and receiving of commissary store products for resale; preparing and creation of financial transactions to debit and credit store accounts; and transmission of financial data to systems outside the agency for payment or collection. It has a number of subsystems: DeCA Overseas Ordering and Receiving System (DOORS), Frequent Delivery System (FDS), Direct Store Delivery (DSD), and Direct Store Delivery-Single order (DSD-S). DIBS interfaces with DeCA’s Enterprise Business Solution (EBS) / Advanced Retail Technology Suite (ARTS) and the other DeCA business legacy applications. There are two COTS software applications to support the COBOL code: AcuCOBOL, GLINK, and Oracle Database. The DIBS hosting platforms and operating systems are managed by DeCA’s Data Center Branch. • Standard Automated Voucher Examination System (SAVES) is a legacy, mission essential, Government custom COBOL GUI-based application that provides support for contracting and bill paying functions for DeCA commissaries (i.e. Groceries or resale items only) in the U.S., Guam, and Europe. SAVES processes receipts/invoices, credit memorandums, and overpayments and it creates the daily Ready to Pay file for disbursement processing. SAVES interfaces with DIBS. • DeCA Electronic Records Management and Archive System – Refresh (DERMAS-R) and Task Management System (TMS) are core systems used for Government records management and Government suspense management of official taskings. DERMAS-R is a DOD certified Records Management Application that enables DeCA personnel to electronically capture, archive, retrieve, and manage records in compliance with National Archives and Record Administration (NARA) regulations. The DERMAS-R COTS product enables users to access electronic documents using a web-based and desktop client interface across the enterprise. It provides an archival system for email records and interfaces with SharePoint, Files Shares, DeCA's EBS /ARTS, TMS, DIBS, and other DeCA internal systems for the purpose of archiving records in a DoD compliant records management repository. The DERMAS-R/TMS COTS software and maintenance is provided from a current COTS solution. • Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) is a core mission essential system supporting DeCA by providing the capability to electronically order, receive and price grocery items with its vendors. DeCA’s EDI system is used to support the ordering and receipt of approximately 80% of the resale items for all DeCA commissaries and Central Distribution Centers. • Coupons 2000 (C2K) is a legacy Government Microsoft Access application with a Microsoft SQL database used to collect and reconcile coupon data. The application maintains DIBS store transmittals, INMAR Coupons Clearing House (CCH) audited transmittals by store, batch invoices, bank vouchers, and manufacturer data that identifies the manufacturer name and number. • DeCA Meat and Produce System (DMPS) is a pair of legacy Government Microsoft Access applications: one for meat and one for produce located at DeCA Headquarters and commissary stores. • The contractor shall provide all necessary personnel, supervision, management, and technical services needed to perform application software technical and operational support and system life cycle management services for DeCA’s legacy applications. • Project Management, Configuration Management and Technical Documentation • Operational Support and Sustainment, Cyber Security and Disaster Recovery • Enterprise Data Environment – Sustainment and Enhancement • Provide project management support to ensure the successful and timely completion of all tasks and deliverables. • Determine the management, organization, authority, responsibility and controls, and the extent to which they apply to this effort. • Perform impact analysis for cost, schedule, and technical reviews. • Provide management oversight of project controls and project administration. • Develop and maintain detailed schedules and prepare cost and management reports that track cost, schedule, and performance on orders and deliverables. • Provide monthly status reports and conduct program management reviews (PMRs). • Use Microsoft (MS) Word, MS Project, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel and MS Visio as the key tools in reporting on and tracking projects and deliverables.

2.0 Background Defense Commissary Agency (DeCA) is responsible for the management, operation, and maintenance of all Department of Defense (DoD) commissaries worldwide to support its mission to “deliver a vital benefit of the military compensation package that improves quality of life and readiness by providing grocery items at significant savings.” DeCA operates approximately 250 stores and distribution centers located worldwide with more than 15,000 employees These operations are supported with various corporate and resource management applications using commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS), government-off-the-shelf (GOTS), in-house developed applications, and applications which are accessed from the approximately 5,500 Agency computers deployed world-wide. The Government requires technical and operational support services to maintain the current and projected information applications which are housed at multiple locations across the enterprise and managed within the Information Technology Directorate at DeCA Headquarters (HQ), Fort Lee, Virginia. The contractor shall monitor LATOSS processes and provide day-to-day technical and operational support as the highest priority under this Task Order (24 X 7, 365 days per year). The 24 X 7, 365 days per year is for Level I support and Level II and III support will be on an on-call support basis to research and resolve priority 1 tickets. The anticipated hours accrued for providing on–call support are minimal and can typically be off-set by adjustment of the contractor’s work schedule the following day. The contractor shall also make recommendations to DeCA for improving the operations of LATOSS applications/processes. The contractor shall provide all necessary qualified personnel, supervision, management, facilities, materials, supplies, software, training, and non-personal technical services to accomplish each TASK in this Task Order. The Contractor shall utilize all available resources to solve emergency problems identified in application/system software, which may be reported by the DeCA Customer Support Services Staff including the Enterprise Service Desk (ESD) and Data Center. All applicable tasks including, but not limited to, Systems Analysis, Design, Programming, Debugging, Testing, and Installation shall be used to bring a non-operational system back on-line. Emergency release procedures will be used to track and control baseline changes. DeCA’s normal business hours are 0730 to 1700, Monday through Friday, exclusive of Federal Government holidays. The Contractor shall designate personnel, primary and secondary, who are identified as “on call” after duty hours. Phone numbers shall be left with the Level I support, Legacy System Service Desk (LSSD), and the Government System Manager. Designated Contractor personnel shall respond within 30 minutes to all calls in support of system production. If the designated person cannot locate the source of the problem within one (1) hour after being notified, the designated Contractor’s backup person shall be called to resolve the problem as defined in the Task. Upon detecting the source, the Contractor shall solve the problem expeditiously, notifying the DeCA Point of Contact (POC) if the problem cannot be resolved within two (2) hours. The goals and objectives of this contract is to provide Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance (SETA) of non-personal services for the day-to-day technical and operational support to maintain and operate the applications listed in the background paragraph above in a worldwide environment. DeCA has a goal to replace the legacy systems incrementally with its Enterprise Business Solution or ARTS as necessary in the next two years. The goal for core systems’ is to integrate any technology changes and upgrades as approved by DeCA to maintain operational currency/efficiency and meet current and future business requirements. The objectives are to have all the LATOSS systems operational at all times with all levels of service desk support above the Government’s tier one level and the provisioning of all COTS software maintenance renewals. Additional Information and Submission Details A copy of the Request for Information will be attached for review from DeCA (Attachment 01).

3.0 Requested Information Interested parties are requested to provide responses to the following questions. Please be specific and provide sufficient details to demonstrate your capabilities. This document must address the following items:

3.1 Capability Statement: Interested parties are requested to submit a capability statement that addresses their overall ability to meet the performance objectives defined in section 1.0, as well as the following: 3.1.1 Years in business and experience in providing services to federal or state government entities? 3.1.2 Options for custom content creation for DeCA private labels, national brand vendors, and smaller brand vendors and associated turnaround times, specifically answering: 3.1.2.1 What is your Skill set for legacy system which are written in COBOL language and will be able to handle and support more 4000 custom written process in COBOL? 3.1.3 Ability for DeCA for Standard Automated Voucher Examination System (SAVES) and for DeCA Automated Inventory Management System (AIMS): 3.1.3.1 Will you be able to provide mission essential Government custom COBOL GUI-based application that provides support for contracting and bill paying functions for DeCA commissaries (i.e., Groceries or resale items only) in the U.S., Guam, and Europe? 3.1.3.2 Will you be able to provide mission essential, Government custom COBOL application for a GUI-based application that provides management of store inventory account transactions (for re-sale items only) as well as reports based upon the history file of transactions? 3.1.4 Do you have the ability to operate, handle and support for DeCA Electronic Records Management and Archive System – Refresh (DERMAS-R) and Task Management System (TMS) are core systems used for Government records management and Government suspense management of official taskings? 3.1.5 Ability for Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) is a core mission essential system supporting DeCA by providing the capability to electronically order, receive and price grocery items with its vendors. DeCA’s EDI system is used to support the ordering and receipt of approximately 80% of the resale items for all DeCA commissaries and Central Distribution Centers. There are over 1 million EDI translations between DeCA and vendors that are possible in a fiscal year. EDI uses a translator software from OpenText. The EDI software runs on three discrete processes spanning two servers with an Oracle 19g instance. EDI communicates with outside vendors through Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) over the Applicability Standard 2 (AS2). These EDI communications occur in the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) that services connections that hosts a Cleo Communications’ AS2 COTS package. The EDI hosting platforms and operating systems are managed by DeCA’s Data Center Branch.

4.0 Response Instructions Please format your response as a single Portable Document Format (PDF) not to exceed 20 pages. Marketing materials may be included as attachments. In your response, please include the company name, address, CAGE code, UEI number, and a designated point of contact with their title, phone number, and email address. Please indicate your company's business size and any applicable socio-economic statuses. Please indicate any existing government-wide contract vehicles on which your solution and associated services are available (e.g., NASA SEWP V, GSA MAS, etc.). Responses to this request for information must be received no later than 12:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on Friday, 17 April 2026. All submissions in response to this Request for Information shall be transmitted via email to Ms. Tiffany D. White, Contract Specialist, at tiffany.d.white23.civ@army.mil and copy Contracting Officer, Birgit M. Jones, at birgit.m.jones.civ@army.mil .

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tiffany D White
  - Email: tiffany.d.white23.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Birgit M. Jones
  - Email: birgit.m.jones.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ee9e0429ac5840b2a0f1e1b549790660/view)