---
layout: default
title: U099-- Day Mammography Training | NCO 4 Services 4 (VA-26-00054809)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 1b33448888664414a698b5484c063d07
---

# U099-- Day Mammography Training | NCO 4 Services 4 (VA-26-00054809)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 08:40:24.82-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24426Q0523
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 36C24426Q0477 is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ), for On-Site Mammography Training. This acquisition is set aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. NCO 4 has a new requirement for the VA Pittsburgh Healthcare System for On-Site Mammography Training. All work is to be performed in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local regulations or ordinances Place of Performance: Pittsburgh VA Medical Center, 1 University Drive, Pittsburgh, PA 15240 NCO 4 intends to issue a Contract which is anticipated to be awarded with a Period of Performance 30 days from the date of award. Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation shall be forwarded in writing via email to the Contract Specialist by 9:00 AM EST, Friday, April 24, 2026. Questions will not be accepted after Friday, April 24, 2026. Responses to the Offeror s question(s) will be posted via an amendment on SAM.gov/ Contract Opportunities via: http://www.sam.gov. 52.212-4 TERMS AND CONDITIONS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEV 2025) 52.252-1 SOLICITATION PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contract Ordering Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/ (End of Provision) FAR/VAAR Number Title Date 52.203-18 52.204-7 52.219-1 52.225-25 852.209-70 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH ENTITIES THAT REQUIRE CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS OR STATEMENTS REPRESENATIONS SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REPRESENTATIONS PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH ENTITIES ENGAGING IN CERTAIN ACTIVITIES OR TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO IRAN REPRESENTATION AND CERTIFICATIONS. ORGANIZATIONAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST JAN 2017 NOV 2024 FEB 2024 JUN 2020 OCT 2020 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) This Contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contract Ordering Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul http://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/ FAR/VAAR Number Title Date 52.203-17 52.203-19 CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS AND REQUIREMENT TO INFORM EMPLOYEES OF WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS PROHIBITION ON REQUIRING CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS OR STATEMENTS NOV 2023 JAN 2017 52.204-13 52.209-10 52.219-6 52.222-3 52.222-41 52.222-50 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT MAINTENANCE PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH INVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE CONVICT LABOR SERVICE CONTRACT LABOR STANDARDS COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS OCT 2018 AUG 2018 NOV 2025 NOV 2025 NOV 2025 NOV 2025 OCT 2025 52.222-62 52.223-23 52.226-8 52.232-33 52.232-40 52.233-3 52.233-4 852.203-70 PAID SICK LEAVE UNDER EXECUTIVE ORDER 13706 SUSTAINABLE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ENCOURAGING CONTRACTOR POLICES TO BAN TEXT MESSAGING WHILE DRIVING PAYMENT BY ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSER-SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTORS PROTEST AFTER AWARD APPLICABLE LAW FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT CLAIM COMMERCIAL ADVERSTISING NOV 2025 MAY 2024 MAY 2024 OCT 2018 MAR 2023 AUG 1996 OC 20004 MAY 2018 852.232-72 ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF PAYMENT REQUESTS NOV 2018 52.222-42 STATEMENT OF EQUIVALENT RATES FOR FEDERAL HIRES (MAY 2014) In compliance with the Service Contract Labor Standards statute and the regulations of the Secretary of Labor (Â 29 CFR Part 4), this clause identifies the classes of service employees expected to be employed under the contract and states the wages and fringe benefits payable to each if they were employed by the contracting agency subject to the provisions ofÂ 5 U.S.C.5341Â or 5332. This Statement is for Information Only: It is not a Wage Determination Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits 15090 Technical Instructor $25.00 Per Hour (GS-7)_____ _____________ ____________________________ _____________ ____________________________ _____________ ____________________________ _____________ ____________________________ _____________ ____________________________ _____________ ____________________________ (End of clause) ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION AUG 2025) Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION AUG 2025) (a) Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. As a minimum, offers shall include (1) The solicitation number; (2) The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3) The Offeror s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described in the solicitation; (5) Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (6) A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b) Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1) Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2) Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is late and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4) Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d) Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror s initial offer should contain the Offeror s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e) Debriefings. If a postaward debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1) The agency s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror s offer. (2) The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3) The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4) A summary of the rationale for award. (5) For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6) Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2. FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES The following are factors used in the comparative evaluation of quotes: The Government will award a Contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Comparative evaluation will be conducted in accordance with FAR RFO 12.203. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: 1. Price - The government reserves the right to award to an Offeror with other than the lowest price. The award will be made to the Offeror whose quote represents the best overall value to the government. 2. Technical Capability - The Offeror clearly demonstrates in its response an understanding of all the Government s requirements based on how well the proposed services meet the Government s requirement. Additionally, the Offeror displays an effective approach for the completion of service in accordance with the SOW and based on the information requested in the instructions to offerors section of the solicitation. 3. Past Performance The past performance evaluation will assess the relative risks associated with a quoter s likelihood of success in fulfilling the solicitation s requirements as indicated by the quoter s record of past performance. The past performance evaluation may be based on the Contracting Officer s knowledge of and previous experience with the supply or service being acquired; customer surveys, and past performance questionnaire replies; Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) at http://www.cpars.gov/; or any other reasonable basis. FAR 52.212-2 (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of a quote, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful Offeror(s) within the time for acceptance specified in the quote, shall result in a binding Contract without further action by either party. Before the offer's specified expiration time, the Government may accept a quote whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. Point of Contact: Derrick Maruski Department of Veterans Affairs Regional Procurement Office East Network Contract Office 4 (NCO 4) Derrick.Maruski2@va.gov ATTACHMENTS See attached document: Attachment A Statement of Work See attached document: Attachment B Price Schedule See attached document: Attachment C Wage Determinations See attached document: Attachment D - RM Contract Language. End of Document

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Derrick Maruski
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Derrick.Maruski2@va.gov
  - Phone: (215) 823-5253

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Statement of Work See attached document: Attachment B Price Schedule See attached document: Attachment C Wage Determinations See attached document: Attachment D - RM Contract Language. End of Document

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1b33448888664414a698b5484c063d07/view)