---
layout: default
title: Fourier Transform Infrared (FTIR) Microscopy System
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: f0d8b1140dac4479b6f479f2fbb4b0e3
---

# Fourier Transform Infrared (FTIR) Microscopy System

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 12:06:39.511-04
- Solicitation Number: FA860126Q0020

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation AFLCMC/PZI Installation Contracting Support Wright Patterson AFB, OH 45323 Date: 15 April 2026 Title: Fourier Transform Infrared (FTIR) Microscopy System Request for Quote (RFQ) / Solicitation Number: FA860126Q0020 Quotes Due: 29 April at 1:00 PM EST Contact Point(s): Megan From, Contract Specialist; megan.from@us.af.mil Contact Point(s): Jennifer Blackford, Contracting Officer; jennifer.blackford@us.af.mil Description: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with RFO Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number FA860126Q0020 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ) for a Fourier Transform Infrared (FTIR) Microscopy System. This requirement supports the analysis of unknown particulate contamination and microscopic fiber identification. This acquisition is 100% small business set-aside under NAICS code 334516 with a small business size standard of 1,000 employees. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The Government reserves the right to conduct interchanges with some, none, or all offerors, or make no award at all depending upon: 1) the quality of quotations received, and 2) whether proposed prices are determined to be fair and reasonable. The Government also reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. 1. Requirement: This requirement is for one (1) Fourier Transform Infrared (FTIR) Microscopy System in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW). CLIN SUPPLIES QUANTITY UNIT 0001 Fourier Transform Infrared (FTIR) Microscopy System 1 EACH 2. Period of Performance: The delivery is required within 180 days after receipt of order (ARO) to Aerospace Fuels Laboratory, Cape Canaveral SFS, FL. 3. Provisions and Clauses: See solicitation attachment for applicable provisions and clauses that apply to this acquisition. NOTE: In accordance with provision 252.204-7998, Alternate A, Annual Representations and Certifications (Deviation 2026-O0043) (FEB 2026), the offeror's quote submission legally binds and certifies that its SAM registration is current, complete, accurate, and has been updated within the preceding 12 months as of the offer's date. 4. Quotes Due Date: Quotes must be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist via e-mail at megan.from@us.af.mil and Contracting Officer at jennifer.blackford@us.af.mil. Quotes must conform to the requirements of this solicitation and be received no later than 29 April at 1:00 PM EST. It is the responsibility of the offeror to ensure that the quote and its attachments are received. Any correspondence sent via e-mail must contain the subject line “FA860126Q0020, Fourier Transform Infrared (FTIR) Microscopy System” The entire quotation must be contained in a single e-mail that does not exceed 5 megabytes including attachments, if any. E-mails with compressed files are not permitted. Note that e-mail filters at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base are designed to filter e-mails without subject lines or with suspicious subject lines or contents (i.e., .exe or .zip files). Therefore, if the specified subject line is not included, the e-mail may not get through the e-mail filters. Also be advised that .zip or .exe files are not allowable attachments and may be deleted by the email filters at Wright-Patterson. If sending attachments with email, ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx documents are sent. The email filter may delete any other form of attachments. If a DoDSafe drop off is needed, please notify the contract specialist or contracting officer at least 48 hours before quotes are due. Any quotes received after designated closing date and time need not be considered. Quotes must include aggregate total of base plus all option year CLINS, if requested (IAW RFO 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options). All quotes shall be in whole dollars and conform to the Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) structure of attached solicitation. 5. Notice to Vendor(s): All vendors must fully complete and return the 'Required Information Sheet' (attached to the solicitation) and return with their quotation. Additionally, quotations that contain pricing only with no description/detail of the supply/service that will be provided will not be accepted or considered for award. 6. Tariffs: In accordance with R-DFARS 252.225-7013, the contractor is prohibited from including any amount for customs duties on eligible items within the quote price. The claim for duty-free entry is restricted to supplies destined for government use, either as end items or as components thereof. The Government will provide assistance in the process of obtaining duty-free entry. 7. Period of Acceptance of Quotes: Offeror agrees to hold prices in its quote firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. 8. SAM Registration: Firms submitting a quote for the solicitation described herein, MUST be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database, or risk the quote as being non-responsive, regardless of the package being considered complete, timely or any other salient consideration. Information to register on SAM can be found at the web site, SAM.gov. List of Attachments: 1) Solicitation 2) Statement of Work

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Megan From
  - Email: megan.from@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Blackford
  - Email: jennifer.blackford@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: applicable provisions and clauses that apply to this acquisition. NOTE: In accordance with provision 252.204-7998, Alternate A, Annual Representations and Certifications (Deviation 2026-O0043) (FEB 2026), the offeror"s quote submission legally binds and certifies that its SAM registration is current, complete, accurate, and has been updated within the preceding 12 months as of the offer"s date. 4. Quotes Due Date: Quotes must be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist via e-mail at megan.from@us.af.mil and Contracting Officer at jennifer.blackford@us.af.mil. Quotes must conform to the requirements of this solicitation and be received no later than 29 April at 1:00 PM EST. It is the responsibility of the offeror to ensure that the quote and its attachments are received. Any correspondence sent via e-mail must contain the subject line “FA860126Q0020, Fourier Transform Infrared (FTIR) Microscopy System” The entire quotation must be contained in a single e-mail that does not exceed 5 megabytes including attachments, if any. E-mails with compressed files are not permitted. Note that e-mail filters at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base are designed to filter e-mails without subject lines or with suspicious subject lines or contents (i.e., .exe or .zip files). Therefore, if the specified subject line is not included, the e-mail may not get through the e-mail filters. Also be advised that .zip or .exe files are not allowable attachments and may be deleted by the email filters at Wright-Patterson. If sending attachments with email, ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx documents are sent. The email filter may delete any other form of attachments. If a DoDSafe drop off is needed, please notify the contract specialist or contracting officer at least 48 hours before quotes are due. Any quotes received after designated closing date and time need not be considered. Quotes must include aggregate total of base plus all option year CLINS, if requested (IAW RFO 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options). All quotes shall be in whole dollars and conform to the Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) structure of attached solicitation. 5. Notice to Vendor(s): All vendors must fully complete and return the "Required Information Sheet" (attached to the solicitation) and return with their quotation. Additionally, quotations that contain pricing only with no description/detail of the supply/service that will be provided will not be accepted or considered for award. 6. Tariffs: In accordance with R-DFARS 252.225-7013, the contractor is prohibited from including any amount for customs duties on eligible items within the quote price. The claim for duty-free entry is restricted to supplies destined for government use, either as end items or as components thereof. The Government will provide assistance in the process of obtaining duty-free entry. 7. Period of Acceptance of Quotes: Offeror agrees to hold prices in its quote firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. 8. SAM Registration: Firms submitting a quote for the solicitation described herein, MUST be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database, or risk the quote as being non-responsive, regardless of the package being considered complete, timely or any other salient consideration. Information to register on SAM can be found at the web site, SAM.gov. List of Attachments: 1) Solicitation 2) Statement of Work

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f0d8b1140dac4479b6f479f2fbb4b0e3/view)