---
layout: default
title: POWER SUPPLY
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 06da83f4e07c48698e78b376fabe2364
---

# POWER SUPPLY

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 08:23:43.862-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010424QXC31

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N774.18|AEB|SEE EMAIL|STEPHANIE.R.PEREZ1@NAVY.MIL| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (NAVICP REVIEW FEB 1991)(FEB 1999)|1|ISO 9001| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT (COMBO)|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS MECHANICSBURG| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (SEP 2016)|2||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (NOV 2023)|13|||||||||||||| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (FEB 2024)|13|335931|600 EMP|X|X|||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||| SOLICITATION IS EXTENDED AND WILL END ON 10 APR 26. THERE HAVE BEEN CHANGES SINCE THE ORIGINAL SOLICITATION RELEASE AS DETAILED BELOW. PART NUMBER HAS BEEN UPDATED. SOLICITATION IS EXTENDED AND WILL END ON 03 DEC. 2025. SOLICITATION IS EXTENDED AND WILL END ON 07 NOV 2025. SOLICITATION IS EXTENDED AND WILL END ON 06 JUN 2025. OTHER CHANGES ARE NOTED BELOW. SOLICITATION IS EXTENDED AND WILL END ON 04 APR 25. SOLICITATION IS EXTENDED AND WILL END ON 05 DEC 24. ADDITIONAL QUANTITIES OF NSN 6130 012719705 HAVE BEEN ADDED TO SOLICITATION. PLEASE SEE FOLLOWING PAGES FOR DETAILS. SOLICITATION IS EXTENDED AND WILL END ON 31 OCT 24. CLIN 0002 AND SLIN 0002AA IS HEREBY CANCELLED. \ SOLICITATION HAS BEEN EXTENDED AND WILL END ON 20 SEP 24. SOLICITATION IS EXTENDED AND WILL END ON 16 AUG 24. Accelerated delivery is encouraged and accepted before the delivery date(s) listed in the schedule. ^^ A. Electronic submission of any quotes, representations, and any necessary certifications shall be accomplished via an email directed to STEPHANIE.R.PEREZ1@NAVY.MIL. B. General Requirements: MIL-STD Packaging, Government Source Inspection Required. C. All freight is FOB Origin. D. This RFQ is for a BUY/Procurement. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractors written acceptance prioor to execution. Verify nomenclature, part number, and NSN prior to responding. E. Only a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) will be accepted. F. The ultimate awardee of the proposed contract action must be an authorized source. Award of the proposed contract action will not be delayed while an unauthorized source seeks to obtain authorization. G. Your quote should include the following information for justification purposes: - New procurement unit price____________________ - Total Price _____________________ - Procurement delivery lead time (PTAT) _________________ days - Award to CAGE _______________ - Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not at Award to CAGE _____________ - Cost breakdown requested, including profit rate (if feasible). - Quote expiration date _______________ (90 Days minimum is requested). - Delivery Vehicle (If Delivery Order requested)(e.g. if your CAGE has a current BOA/IDIQ) H. Important Traceability Notice: If you are not the manufacturer of the material you are offering, you must provide an official letter and/or email from the OEM confirming that your company is an authorized distributor of their items. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the POWER SUPPLY , part of the ;MK 41 VERTICAL LAUNCHING SYSTEM.; . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |N |121116|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |160921|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The POWER SUPPLY furnished under this contract/purchase order shall be the design represented by Cage Code(s) reference number(s). Cage _______ ref. no. ;53711 6387890-9 53711 5497565-29 53711 5497565-39;

3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

3.3 Soldering - Soldering shall conform to the requirements of MIL-STD-2000. 3.3.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor.

3.4 Vendor Waivers/Deviations - Compliance with the delivery date and technical requirements of NAVICP-MECH Repair Part Material contracts is expected. As a cautionary note, seller intended use of any material which is not in full compliance with the specified contract technical requirements shall be identified as an exception in response to this solicitation. Request for delivery date extensions and waivers/deviations shall be accompanied by an explanation of the cause for the delay, or the reason for the requested nonconformance to this solicitation in the event the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) concurs with your request. Request for waivers/deviations shall provide justification for the requested change including an evaluation which demonstrates that proposed nonconformance will not affect the quality, form, fit, or function of the part. Requests for Waiver/Deviations shall be presented to the Government Quality Assurance Representative (QAR) for comment. (The QAR shall forward the request, with their comments, directly to the post award PCO within five working days after receipt.)

3.5 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable.

3.6 Configuration Control in accordance with MIL-STD-973 Short Form procedures - The requirements of MIL-STD-973 are hereby invoked in the contract/purchase order. The tailoring notes stated in the order cited in paragraph 6.2.1.3 are stated below: A. Considered, tailoring implemented B. Automated processing and submittal is not required. Interactive access to digital data is not required. C. Configuration audits are not required. D. Contractor's configuration management plan is not requried. E. Configuration terminology development documentation is required. F. Only paragraphs 5.3.3.2, 5.3.6.4, 5.3.6.7, 5.3.6.7.3 are required. G. FCD is not required. H. ACD and PCD is not required. I. Not Applicable (NA) to this contract/purchase order. J. NA to this contract/purchase order. K. NA to this contract/purchase order. L. Paragraph 5.3.6 with the exception of paragraph 5.3.6.5 and 5.3.6.7.1 are required. M. Paragraph 5.3.6.6 and 5.3.6.6.2 are required. N. Paragraph 5.3.6.6.1 is not required unless specifically cited elsewhere in Section "C" of this contract/purchase order. O. The marking requirement is stated elsewhere in Section "C" of this contract/purchase order. P. Interface requirements are as specified on the drawings provided with this contract/purchase order or the primary equipment performance MIL-SPEC or STD cited in Section "C" of this contract/purchase order. Q. NA to this contract/purchase order. R. All Class I changes to either a Government owned Configuration Identification (CI) or baseline configuration shall be submitted to the Procurement Contracting Officer for review and subsequent approval - conditional approval or disapproval. NDI, COTS, and PDI items previously accepted by the Government shall be submitted as above. This process does not excuse the contractor from initially offering to the Government an item which meets the minimum technical and operational requirements set forth in this contract/ purchase order. S. Preliminary Change Notices and Advance Change Study Notices are not required. T. NA to this contract/purchase order. U. and V. Class II Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) may be carried through provided the Government QAR reviews and concurs with the classification review which resulted in the ECP being classified as Class II. W. Paragraph 5.4.3 is required. X. Paragraph 5.4.4 is required. Y. NORS are not required for this contract/purchase order. Z. Short Form procedures are allowed. AA. Paragraph 5.5.2 is not required for this contract/purchase order. AB. Paragraph 5.5.7 is not required for this contract/purchase order. AC. Paragraph 5.5.8 is not required for this contract/purchase order. AD. Paragraph 5.6.2 is not required for this contract/purchase order. AE. Paragarph 5.6.3 is not required for this contract/purchase order. AF. Paragraph 5.4.2.2.3.2b is not required for this contract/purchase order. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Inspection System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain an inspection system acceptable to the Governmnet. The inspection system requirements shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208.

4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.4 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS.

6.2 Statement of Prior Approval Data - If the item(s) being offered meet the requirements specified in the contract/purchase order and is an exact duplicate of item(s) previously approved by the Government, furnish the NSN, name of prime manufacturer, drawing number, technical manual number, and previous contract number. Provide this information on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official.

6.3 Notice To Distributors/Offerors - Consideration for award of contract shall be given only to authorized distributors of the original manufacturer's item represented in this solicitation. If you desire to be considered as a potential source for award of this contract, proof of being an authorized distributor shall be provided on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official and sent with your offer to the Procurement Contracting Officer.

6.4 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176051306
  - Email: STEPHANIE.R.PEREZ7.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/06da83f4e07c48698e78b376fabe2364/view)