---
layout: default
title: Heads-Up Display (HUD) PBL Renewal
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 664d2cb47bda48e2ae25d7498a6ce647
---

# Heads-Up Display (HUD) PBL Renewal

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 10:07:56.256-04
- Solicitation Number: N0038326Y0021

## Summary

The requirement is for the acquisition of Performance Based Logistics (PBL) support for the National Item Identification Numbers (NIINs) identified on the attachment to this notice which includes 104 Weapons Replaceable Assemblies (WRAs)/Shop Replaceable Assemblies (SRAs) supporting the F/A-18 A-F and E/A-18 G Heads Up Displays (HUD); the Tactical Air Navigation System (TACAN) common to the EA-6B, KC-130, S-3B, MH-60, SH-60, and V-22 platforms; and the Control Display Unit (CDU7000) supporting the C-2A, E-2C, TE-2C, P-3C, and EP-3E aircraft. This program covers United States Navy (USN) requirements and includes support of Navy Foreign Military Customers (FMS) for Australia, Kuwait, and Malaysia. NAVSUP Weapon Systems Support (NAVSUP WSS) Philadelphia plans to award a five-year indefinite delivery, requirements type PBL contract for this effort. This PBL contract is anticipated to be awarded to Rockwell Collins, a part of Collins Aerospace, located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa (CAGE Code: 84T51) for supply chain management for the period of 26 September 2027 through 25 September 2032. This contract will include a priced, five-year base period with no options. This requirement includes performance-based supply chain management to include depot maintenance (this includes partnerships with two government organic depots – Fleet Readiness Center Southeast (FRC-SE) in Jacksonville, Florida and Fleet Readiness Center Southwest (FRC-SW) in North Island, California - who will provide touch labor to the Contractor via Commercial Service Agreements. Also included is material management, (i.e., procurement of piece parts for repair and attrition spares for units considered beyond repair), configuration management, obsolescence management, engineering support and sustainment elements, packaging, storage, reliability improvements, and field support for the components. The applicable PSC is 5998. The applicable NAICS code is 336413. One or more of the items under this acquisition is subject to the Buy American Act (BAA), Free Trade Agreements Act and/or the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement. There is no small business set aside assigned to this requirement. Absent Government approval of additional sources prior to award, the Government intends to negotiate a contract for this effort with Rockwell Collins (CAGE Code 84T51) located in Cedar Rapids, IA. The government does not possess (or cannot provide) the data necessary to perform the required repairs or manufacture of the items. All responsible sources may identify their interest and provide capability statements in response to this notice. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all responses received within 15 days after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Source Approval is required prior to award. An alternate source must qualify in accordance with the design control activity’s procedures, as approved by the cognizant Government engineering activity WSS will not delay award while Source Approval is pending. If you are not an approved source you must submit, together with your proposal, the information detailed in the NAVSUP WSS Source Approval Information Brochure for Repair and/or Spares. This brochure identifies technical data required to be submitted based on your company's experience in repair of the same or similar items. This brochure can be obtained at: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP-Weapon-Systems-Support/Business-Opps/ If your request for source approval is currently being evaluated at NAVSUP WSS, submit with your response a copy of the cover letter that forwarded your request for source approval. Responses received which fail to provide all data required by the Source Approval Brochure or document previous submission of all data required by the Source Approval Brochure will not be considered. Please note, if evaluation of a source approval request submitted hereunder cannot be processed in time and/or approval requirements preclude the ability to obtain subject items in time to meet Government requirements, award of the subject requirement will continue based on Fleet support needs. For any questions concerning this notice, contact the PCO, Christopher Letts, at Christopher.j.letts2.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: CHRISTOPHE J. LETTS JR, N781.14, PHONE (215)697-1249, FAX (215)697-0491, EMAIL CHRISTOPHER.J.LETTS@NAVY.MIL
  - Email: CHRISTOPHER.J.LETTS@NAVY.MIL
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: KIRSTEN R. REGAN, N761.21, PHONE (215)697-9522, FAX (215)697-0189, EMAIL KIRSTEN.REGAN@NAVY.MIL
  - Email: KIRSTEN.REGAN@NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this notice which includes 104 Weapons Replaceable Assemblies (WRAs)/Shop Replaceable Assemblies (SRAs) supporting the F/A-18 A-F and E/A-18 G Heads Up Displays (HUD); the Tactical Air Navigation System (TACAN) common to the EA-6B, KC-130, S-3B, MH-60, SH-60, and V-22 platforms; and the Control Display Unit (CDU7000) supporting the C-2A, E-2C, TE-2C, P-3C, and EP-3E aircraft. This program covers United States Navy (USN) requirements and includes support of Navy Foreign Military Customers (FMS) for Australia, Kuwait, and Malaysia. NAVSUP Weapon Systems Support (NAVSUP WSS) Philadelphia plans to award a five-year indefinite delivery, requirements type PBL contract for this effort. This PBL contract is anticipated to be awarded to Rockwell Collins, a part of Collins Aerospace, located in Cedar Rapids, Iowa (CAGE Code: 84T51) for supply chain management for the period of 26 September 2027 through 25 September 2032. This contract will include a priced, five-year base period with no options. This requirement includes performance-based supply chain management to include depot maintenance (this includes partnerships with two government organic depots – Fleet Readiness Center Southeast (FRC-SE) in Jacksonville, Florida and Fleet Readiness Center Southwest (FRC-SW) in North Island, California - who will provide touch labor to the Contractor via Commercial Service Agreements. Also included is material management, (i.e., procurement of piece parts for repair and attrition spares for units considered beyond repair), configuration management, obsolescence management, engineering support and sustainment elements, packaging, storage, reliability improvements, and field support for the components. The applicable PSC is 5998. The applicable NAICS code is 336413. One or more of the items under this acquisition is subject to the Buy American Act (BAA), Free Trade Agreements Act and/or the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement. There is no small business set aside assigned to this requirement. Absent Government approval of additional sources prior to award, the Government intends to negotiate a contract for this effort with Rockwell Collins (CAGE Code 84T51) located in Cedar Rapids, IA. The government does not possess (or cannot provide) the data necessary to perform the required repairs or manufacture of the items. All responsible sources may identify their interest and provide capability statements in response to this notice. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all responses received within 15 days after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Source Approval is required prior to award. An alternate source must qualify in accordance with the design control activity’s procedures, as approved by the cognizant Government engineering activity WSS will not delay award while Source Approval is pending. If you are not an approved source you must submit, together with your proposal, the information detailed in the NAVSUP WSS Source Approval Information Brochure for Repair and/or Spares. This brochure identifies technical data required to be submitted based on your company"s experience in repair of the same or similar items. This brochure can be obtained at: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/NAVSUP-Enterprise/NAVSUP-Weapon-Systems-Support/Business-Opps/ If your request for source approval is currently being evaluated at NAVSUP WSS, submit with your response a copy of the cover letter that forwarded your request for source approval. Responses received which fail to provide all data required by the Source Approval Brochure or document previous submission of all data required by the Source Approval Brochure will not be considered. Please note, if evaluation of a source approval request submitted hereunder cannot be processed in time and/or approval requirements preclude the ability to obtain subject items in time to meet Government requirements, award of the subject requirement will continue based on Fleet support needs. For any questions concerning this notice, contact the PCO, Christopher Letts, at Christopher.j.letts2.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/664d2cb47bda48e2ae25d7498a6ce647/view)