---
layout: default
title: Request for Information 2 - Next Generation of the GSA SmartPay® Master Contract
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 757ae029011c4736b59f63e616a1d085
---

# Request for Information 2 - Next Generation of the GSA SmartPay® Master Contract

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-03 07:36:17.834-04
- Solicitation Number: 47QRAB26N0002

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION IS SOLELY FOR INFORMATIONAL AND PLANNING PURPOSES AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION. Responses to this RFI do not constitute an offer and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this RFI or otherwise pay for the information requested and/or received in response to the request. Responses will be treated as information only and not as a proposal. Information received in response to this RFI will be safeguarded adequately from unauthorized disclosure. Proprietary information should be clearly marked. Purpose and Introduction The General Services Administration (GSA) Center for Charge Card Management (CCCM) is responsible for overall program management and leadership of the GSA SmartPay® program. This government-wide program currently provides commercial charge card and payment related services to approximately 250 federal government agencies, certain eligible organizations, and Native American Tribal organizations. In fiscal year (FY) 2025, approximately 4.2 million GSA SmartPay 3 card/account holders spent nearly $40 billion, through 82 million transactions. The current period of performance, if all options are exercised, for the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract ends November 29, 2031. CCCM is conducting market research for the development of the next GSA SmartPay master contract. The government is seeking information from interested parties about capabilities, as well as specific feedback about the current GSA SmartPay 3 master contract. Submission of Information Submit all responses to the questions below in the attached response template (Attachment 1 - Q&A Template) in an electronically searchable format, preferably Microsoft Word or Adobe format. All applicable sections must be completed. Do not submit answers in the text of an email. Submission of a general statement of capability or company profile is acceptable for informational purposes. Responses that fail to follow the required format may be excluded from consideration or review. This RFI is being conducted for market research purposes only. A company’s decision to submit or not submit a response, and/or the extent of the government’s review/consideration of any submitted response, will have no impact on a contractor's ability to compete for any future requirements that may follow this RFI. Submission of Questions Interested parties are invited to submit questions related to this RFI in writing via email to SPcard@gsa.gov and jennifer.g.richards@gsa.gov. The email subject line shall include the text "Questions: RFI 47QRAB26N0002”. Emails without this text in the subject line may not be acknowledged. As described in related notice 47QRAB26N0001, CCCM is planning to host a virtual Industry Day event in May 2026. Questions regarding this RFI received at least 5 business days before the virtual Industry Day event are intended to be answered during the event. During the event, participants may have an opportunity to ask additional questions; however, the government reserves the right to answer any or all of these questions in writing following the event. All other questions related to this RFI shall be received in writing in the same manner described above, no later than May 22, 2026. All questions and/or answers will be documented in writing and shared as a revision to this posting on or around June 5, 2026. Questions for Response Company Profile Please provide the following information for your company: Name of company Type of company (e.g., issuer, network, processor) SAM.gov Unique Entity Identification (UEI) Number Relevant NAICS codes Relevant government contracts or vehicles Describe your company and include an overview of corporate structure and when the company was founded or formed. Is your company owned domestically or by a foreign entity? How is your company funded (e.g., publicly traded, privately held)? What is your company’s estimated revenue, as you are able to share? What is the annual average transaction and sales volume of all commercial payment transactions in your company’s commercial suite of offerings? Please feel free to limit this information to federal government activity only, as applicable and indicate if it is federal government only. What is the annual average transaction and sales volume for corporate credit card or charge card transactions only? Please feel free to limit this information to federal government activity only, as applicable and indicate if it is federal government only. GSA SmartPay and Payments Industry Experience Given the size, scope, and complexity of providing commercial charge card and payment related services to the federal government, CCCM is seeking information from interested parties about the experience of providing services either to the federal government itself, or to other types of large, complex commercial or non-government companies and entities. Is your company a current or previous GSA SmartPay contractor bank? If not, but your company is or was a subcontractor or partner to a GSA SmartPay contractor bank, please indicate so. Is your company currently providing similar or relevant payment services to government agencies? If yes, but your company is not a current GSA SmartPay 3 contractor bank, please name those agencies. If not, but your company has previously provided similar or relevant non-GSA SmartPay 3 payment services to government agencies, please name those agencies. Is your company currently providing similar or relevant payment services to commercial entities or private companies? If yes, please name those companies, as you are able, or provide a brief description of the entities or companies. If not, but your company has previously provided similar or relevant payment services to commercial entities or private companies, please name those companies or provide a brief description of the entities or companies. General Interest in the GSA SmartPay Program Since the inception of the GSA SmartPay 3 program, the government has identified potential opportunities in innovation and efficiencies, as a result of overall payment industry advancement. This includes potential service providers that are non-banking entities that currently do not conduct business with the government. CCCM is seeking information to gauge the level of interest in potentially competing for the next generation of the GSA SmartPay contract from both banking and non-banking entities. Has your company been interested in competing for previous versions of the GSA SmartPay master contract? If yes, please see the next question. If not, please indicate why your company was not interested previously. If your company was interested in competing for previous versions of the GSA SmartPay master contract, did your company submit a proposal? If yes, please indicate if the proposal was submitted for GSA SmartPay 1, GSA SmartPay 2, or GSA SmartPay 3. If not, please indicate why your company made the decision not to submit a proposal. How interested is your company in potentially competing as a prime contractor for the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay master contract? If you indicate anything other than “very interested” or “moderately interested,” please provide a narrative reason (e.g., not financially feasible, may not be able to meet specific requirements, too risky, organization might not be able to support, burdensome government requirements): Very interested Moderately interested Slightly interested Not interested Definitely not interested Unknown at this time If your company is not interested or cannot compete as a prime contractor, please indicate the level of interest in participating in the program as a subcontractor. Please also indicate your company’s potential role and support or services provided. Very interested Moderately interested Slightly interested Not interested Definitely not interested Unknown at this time Does your company work with partners who may be interested in participating for the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay master contract? If so, please provide a description of your partner company or companies and the types of services they would be able to provide. Industry-identified Risks for Providing Services to the Government The government acknowledges that providing government-wide commercial charge card and payment related services – given the size, scope, and complexity of federal government agencies and organization – comes with risk. The government is seeking information about specific risks for providing charge card and commercial payment services at a federal government-wide scale. Please list any short to medium term risks that your company identifies in the current program, as reflected in the current GSA SmartPay 3 master contract. Please list any long term risks that your company identifies in the current program. Please provide recommendations for mitigating any identified risks. Are there any identified risks that would prevent or discourage your company from competing for the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay master contract? Are there steps the government can take to help mitigate those risks to encourage competition? Commercial Practices and Government-specific Requirements For the next generation of the GSA SmartPay program, the government intends to leverage commercial solutions, practices, and standards, more than it currently does under the requirements of the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract. However, based on the size, scope, complexity, and financial systems, there may be limitations. The government is seeking information about these limitations and the impacts of potential constraints to the industry for providing government-wide commercial charge card and payment related services. Scalability As discussed in the introduction, the GSA SmartPay program currently supports approximately 250 federal government agencies, certain eligible organizations, and Native American Tribal organizations. In FY 2025, approximately 4.2 million GSA SmartPay 3 card/account holders spent nearly $40 billion, through 82 million transactions. This includes providing specific configuration or customizations – including banking system interfaces – based on agency and organization missions and needs. Would your company be able to provide commercial charge card and payment related services to meet requirements similar in scope and complexity to the current requirements under the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract, as late as November 2031 if all options on the current GSA SmartPay 3 are exercised? Yes No Would your company be able to scale operations to provide services for the GSA SmartPay program if CCCM pursued a shortened timeline (e.g., contract award by the end of FY 2027 and program cutover no later than November 2028)? Yes No Government Shutdowns There have been 16 instances in the history of the United States, where the federal government has experienced a whole or partial lapse in funding. This includes five instances where the entire government has been shut down. During government shutdowns, there may be instances where federal government agencies are required to continue providing mission critical services (e.g., national defense, natural disasters, health care, intelligence), including the need to continue to spend using GSA SmartPay solutions. However, given lapses in funding and constraints to financial operations, agencies may not be able to pay outstanding invoices, even through extended government shut downs. This is addressed in the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract in sections C.6.2.1 Government-Wide Shutdown and C.6.2.2 Continuity of Operations. GSA SmartPay program maintains monthly spend data for agencies on its website. Interested parties should review the GSA SmartPay Statistics and Reports to understand that during a government-wide shutdown a significant portion of monthly spend that occurred prior to and/or during the shutdown period (~$1B) could remain outstanding for several billing cycles Would your company be able to continue to provide government-wide commercial charge card and payment related services while absorbing the financial impact of a temporary pause in payment? How would your company mitigate the financial risks of a temporary pause in payment, including payment lags? Government Financial Systems The executive order “Protecting America’s Bank Account Against Fraud, Waste, and Abuse” is designed to help modernize federal government financial systems, specifically section 5 “Core Financial System Consolidation.” However, given the time and planning required, implementation of the executive order may not fully take effect in the near term, and providers of services under the next generation of the GSA SmartPay program may have to mitigate risks associated with complex, segmented, or aging financial systems. Is your company able to provide services to federal government agencies and organizations that have complex, segmented, or aging financial systems? What are the risks associated with interfacing with and providing services at scale to federal government agencies and organizations that have complex, segmented, or aging financial systems? How would your company mitigate those risks? Is your company able to provide your complete suite of commercial charge card and payment services to federal government agencies that are not able or willing to use technology that may be widely available in the private sector, such as application programming interfaces or mobile wallets? Individually Billed Accounts - Travel Under the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract, the definition of individually billed account (Section C.1 Definitions) is the following, “A Contractor-issued account used by authorized individuals to pay for official travel and travel-related expenses for which the Contractor bills the account holder, and for which the individual is liable to pay. Individually Billed Accounts may only be issued to Federal employees or employees of Tribes or Tribal Organizations.” Currently, as defined, the individual is wholly responsible for payment and the government is not liable for the individual's nonpayment of IBA balances. At the end of fiscal year 2025, there were nearly 3 million individually billed accounts for authorized, mission specific travel. Is your company able and willing to provide individually billed account services to federal government agencies, as written in the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract, including all provisions in Section C.3.3 Account Management? If not, what are potential alternatives that may mitigate potential risks while providing large, complex agencies with flexible solutions to meet mission needs? Given the federal government’s state sales tax exemption status, how would your company help ensure that the federal government account holders only pay state sales tax when required, including when an individually billed solution is used. More information about state sales tax exemption is available in frequently asked questions. Cloud Computing & Security The Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP) identifies appropriate cloud computing products and services, and evaluates those products and services against a common baseline of security controls. FedRAMP authorization is not currently required by the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract. However, Office and Management and Budget Memorandum (OMB) M-24-15 Modernizing the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP), requires agencies to obtain and maintain a FedRAMP authorization when a cloud product or service falls within the scope of Section III Scope of FedRAMP. Additional details and timing of the next iteration of FedRAMP is available in descriptions of FedRAMP 20x. Would the services or solutions provided by your company require FedRAMP authorization? Yes No If so, would your company be in a position to attain and maintain a FedRAMP authorization for the GSA SmartPay program by November 2031? Yes No Would your company be in a position to attain and maintain a FedRAMP authorization for the GSA SmartPay program if CCCM pursued a shortened timeline (e.g., contract award by the end of FY 2027 and program cutover no later than November 2028)? Yes No Are there any risks for your company associated with requiring FedRAMP authorization for participation in the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay program? Would requiring FedRAMP authorization for participation in the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay program deter your company from proposing? Hierarchy Management Based on the complexity of the federal government’s mission, agencies may require more hierarchies in account and data management, than currently utilized by commercial industry. What is your company’s (or a prospective partner’s) ability or capability to support multiple hierarchies, which may be up to ten levels or beyond? Innovation in Government The government is seeking feedback about the role of innovation in the payments industry and how emerging technologies would support increased government productivity, efficiency, outcomes, and value in the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay program. Please describe your company’s approach for innovation in the payment space. What is the specific role of artificial intelligence in your commercial offerings (e.g., data mining, real time transaction monitoring, flagging for potential waste, fraud, or misuse)? Are there potential expansion opportunities for artificial intelligence? What innovative payment models, technologies, or commercial practices could be adapted to improve how federal agencies facilitate payments to each other, particularly in terms of speed, transparency, and administrative efficiency? Specific Requirements in the GSA SmartPay 3 Master Contract The government is seeking specific feedback about requirements currently in the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract. Are there specific requirements that would prevent or discourage your company from competing for the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay master contract? If yes, please provide the specific citation in the master contract and describe the issue. Security (Section C.8 Security Requirements) Can you identify any conflicts between compliance with the security requirements within the GSA SmartPay master contract and compliance with Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards? Specifically, would your company be able to comply with the following requirements, as written: Housing and data storage in the United States (Section C.8 Security Requirements) Eligible personnel (Section

8.5 Personnel Security Governance) Background investigations (Section C.8.13 Background Investigation) Note: There is an upcoming modification to the SP3 Master Contract to update Background Investigation procedures to reflect Trusted Workforce 2.0 and Continuous Vetting (CV) requirements. A description of the CV process, information for applicants, security, and HR professionals, and other resources and training can be accessed at https://www.dcsa.mil/Personnel-Vetting/Continuous-Vetting/ Would your company be willing, as part of federal government security requirements, to securely provide raw data security scans? What changes would you recommend that would encourage your company to compete while protecting government information and systems and complying with government security requirements? Data and Reporting (Section C.7 Data Management, Transaction Support and Reporting) Would your company be able to comply with the current data and reporting requirements? Do you recommend any changes that would encourage your company to compete? Ordering Procedures (Section H.12 Ordering Procedures) Do you have any feedback about the task order ordering procedures currently written in the GSA SmartPay master contract? Are there specific procedures (or restrictions/limitations) that would prevent or discourage your company from competing for the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay master contract? If yes, please provide the specific citation in the master contract and describe the issue. What changes would you recommend that would encourage your company to compete? Period of Performance The GSA SmartPay 3 master contract is a firm fixed price contract that currently has a period of performance of 13 years. This period of performance accommodates the complexity of government acquisition processes and market research needs. However, the government acknowledges there are risks associated with the current pricing structure and period of performance, given the changing and evolving market conditions and innovations. Are there specific risks associated with a period of performance that exceeds 10 years? Is there a shorter period of performance that would accommodate industry needs, while taking into account government contracting and pricing constraints? If the government requires a period of performance exceeding 10 years, would allowing providers to periodically adjust pricing for services and solutions mitigate risks while preserving continued investment in technology, services, and solutions? If yes, please provide recommendations for time periods, indices, or other factors, whereby the periodic adjustment for pricing could be based upon? Examples of Agency Missions and Needs Below are examples of specific GSA SmartPay 3 customer agencies and organizations. How would your company provide commercial charge card and payment related services to meet the specific needs of each agency example, while supporting innovation and efficiencies across the federal government? For each specific agency example, please provide how your company would provide support to meet unique needs, payment challenges, and missions, based on the size and complexity of this agency? Agency 1 Agency mission: National defense. Spend Individually Billed Travel: ~ $5.8 billion in FY 2023 ~ $6.0 billion in FY 2024 ~ $5.6 billion in FY 2025 Centrally Billed Travel ~ $620 million in FY 2023 ~ $640 million in FY 2024 ~ $615 million in FY 2025 Accounts in FY 2025 Individually Billed Travel: ~2.2 million Centrally Billed Travel: ~8,000 Total number of FY 2025 transactions: ~22 million Overview of agency uses of the program: The program provides commercially available payment methods for official travel expenses. The program supports unique travel types beyond standard business travel, which include – but are not limited to – permanent changes of station, invitational travel for non-government personnel, long-term training, emergency and medical evacuations, security missions supporting diplomatic operations, and classified travel. Individual billed account use is mandatory. Centrally billed accounts are required for personnel who cannot obtain an individually billed account and for specific uses such as purchasing airline tickets. Cards are used for mission-critical operations, contingency operations, both short and long-term deployments, emergency orders, special agency missions, and various permanent duty moves. Cards are also used for large scale group travel. The program provides cards that are not identifiable physically as government charge cards to protect personnel identity. Also provides cards that are not physically identifiable as a government card or a card tied to a government hierarchy. The program handles classified travel, which includes highly restricted access to account data, transactions, and reports. This data is not and cannot be connected to artificial intelligence systems, trend analysis algorithms, or commercial data mining systems. Specific payment challenges: Delinquent payments negatively impact the program’s ability to accomplish the travel mission as accounts are suspended, and travelers are required to use personal funds. There may be significant payment delays resulting from manual, paper-based claims. Volume of cardholders and transactions result in high usage patterns and high-limit cash advances (e.g., exceeding $10,000). Agency 2 Agency mission: Provide support to Veterans including monetary benefits, rehabilitation, medical care, and health care. Spend Purchase: ~$6 billion for FY 2025 Pharmacy vendor program: ~$13 billion for FY 2025 Individually Billed Travel: ~$33 million for FY 2025 Centrally Billed Travel: ~$44 million for FY 2025 Fleet: ~$18 million for FY 2025 Accounts Purchase ~10,000 as of February 2026 ~19,000 as of February 2025 Individually Billed Travel ~31,000 as of February 2026 ~48,000 as of February 2025 Centrally Billed Travel ~500 as of February 2026 ~500 as of February 2025 Fleet ~5,000 as of February 2026 ~5,000 as of February 2025 Note: The agency consolidated the number of purchase cards, however the number of transactions and amount of spend has not dropped. Overview of agency uses of the program: Supplies for employees, such as office supplies, office furniture, information technology equipment, training, and medical supplies. Prosthetic devices and specialized equipment, which include – but are not limited to – special shoes, eyeglasses, hearing aids, wheelchairs, canes, laptops, cell phones, clothing, and prosthetic limbs. Medical equipment and supplies for hospitals, clinics, and doctors’ offices. Rehabilitation equipment that may include – but are not limited to – the following: cameras, bicycles, sporting equipment, art supplies, job training materials, furniture, musical instruments, and books. Burial needs that may include – but are not limited to – the following: caskets, grave liners, flowers, headstones, and markers. Building and construction supplies, lawn maintenance supplies, and utilities. Travel expenses such as airfare, hotel, and meals and incidentals. Specific payment challenges: The agency pays card statements daily and transactions have to be separated by the contractor prior being sent to the agency to accommodate two different accounting systems. Specific use cases include purchase of the following: The agency currently maintains a proprietary program for a pharmacy vendor program, in partnership with an awarded pharmacy provider. Agency employees log into the pharmacy provider’s platform to place an order for pharmaceuticals and medical supplies using an account number, which is not tied to a physical card. The pharmacy provider would send a payment file to the contractor/issuing bank, who would be responsible for providing a statement file to the agency each business day for daily payment. Examples of solutions to support the activities above, which are available under the GSA SmartPay 3 program include the following: Purchase cards Cardless purchase card accounts Convenience checks Fleet card accounts Fleet toll transponder cards Fleet pool cards CBA travel cards for agency employees CBA travel cards dedicated to Veteran only travel IBA travel cards for agency employees Mobile wallet for IBA travel cards Single use cards Agency 3 Agency mission: To provide domestic safety and security over the American people and resources through immigration enforcement, air and maritime travel, cybersecurity, and disaster management response, which include – but are not limited to – the following: Securing and defending America’s borders while facilitating lawful trade and travel Facilitating the flow of commerce and responding to emergencies and contingencies at sea Immigration system processing and ensuring system integrity Securing the nation’s cyber and physical infrastructure Coordinating disaster response and recovery efforts during and after emergencies Enforcing immigration laws and investigating transnational criminal organizations Safeguarding national leaders, events, and the US financial system Ensuring the security of the nation’s transportation system Spend Purchase: ~$550 million in FY 2025 ~$577 million average between FY 2022 in FY 2024 Individually Billed Travel: ~$852 million in FY 2025 ~$733 million average between FY 2022 and FY 2024 Centrally Billed Travel: ~$181 million in FY 2025 ~$128 million average between FY 2022 and FY 2024 Fleet: ~$129 million in FY 2025 ~$119 million average between FY 2022 and FY 2024 Cardholders Purchase: ~7,700 in FY 2025 ~6,800 averages between FY2022 and FY 2024 Individually Billed Travel: ~168,000 in FY 2025 ~165,000 averages between FY2022 and FY 2024 Centrally Billed Travel: ~442 in FY 2025 ~490 averages between FY2022 and FY 2024 Fleet: ~53,000 in FY 2025 ~68,000 averages between FY2022 and FY 2024 Areas of focus and challenges: The agency uses the GSA SmartPay program as an efficient and cost-effective procurement and payment mechanism in support of purchase, travel, and fleet programs. Below are specific areas of focus and challenges. Purchase Card Payments Processing and management of purchase transactions for procurement of supplies, services, and construction CBAs. Making payments both above (e.g., up to $1 million) and below the micro-purchase threshold (e.g., $15,000) for both contract and non-contract payments. Obtaining transaction details that can be integrated with various financial systems and support internal and external reporting requirements. Travel Card Payments Supporting both IBAs and CBAs for agency travel expenses. Complying with federal travel regulations and reconciliation processes. Implementing and supporting a "do not strand" policy, ensuring travelers have access to emergency funds or credit to prevent stranding during official travel. Ensuring “mission critical” cardholders maintain travel status Fleet Card Payments Supporting fleet-related expenses, including fuel, maintenance, service, and repair of agency owned fleet assets (e.g., vehicles, boats, aircrafts, tractors and other equipment). Closed loop fleet management solution that can be utilized nationwide. Completing international and domestic payments to merchants that are outside of the closed loop system. Reporting and controls for fleet expenditures. Foreign and Domestic Payment Capabilities Processing payments in both domestic and international contexts. Supporting multiple currencies and compliance with international payment regulations. Delivering emergency cards within CONUS within two days and OCONUS within three days of a replacement order. Card Options and Issuance Providing covert or unmarked payment options for select individuals supporting operational security and mission requirements. Distinguishing between multiple cards issued to the same customer unit, ensuring clear identification, tracking, and management of payment/card option. Acceptance both paper and electronic application forms for card issuance. Program Analytics and Monitoring Providing robust program analytics and monitoring for all business lines. Developing customized data mining criteria or rules applicable to the program mission to identify high-risk transactions for potential misuse or abuse. Providing quality assurance over data, ensuring accuracy, completeness, and reliability. Developing post-payment audit process utilizing fraud analytic tools and/or case management systems. Providing monthly sampling of transactions for all lines of business (purchase, travel, and fleet) to support program oversight and audit requirements. Agency 4 Agency mission: Provide leadership in food, agriculture, natural resources, rural development, nutrition, and related areas through sound public policy, evidence-based science, and efficient management. The agency’s vision is to expand economic opportunity through innovation—supporting rural America, promoting sustainable agriculture for nutritious food, and preserving natural resources through conservation. Spend: Purchase ~$400 million in FY 2025 ~$450 million average between FY 2022 and FY 2024 Individually Billed Travel ~$130 million in FY 2025 ~$160 million average between FY 2022 and FY 2024 Centrally Billed Travel ~$16 million in FY 2025 ~$15 million average between FY 2022 and FY 2024 Fleet ~$120 million in FY 20...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nichole Crews
  - Email: nichole.crews@gsa.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Joline McDonald
  - Email: joline.mcdonald@gsa.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Q&A Template) in an electronically searchable format, preferably Microsoft Word or Adobe format. All applicable sections must be completed. Do not submit answers in the text of an email. Submission of a general statement of capability or company profile is acceptable for informational purposes. Responses that fail to follow the required format may be excluded from consideration or review. This RFI is being conducted for market research purposes only. A company’s decision to submit or not submit a response, and/or the extent of the government’s review/consideration of any submitted response, will have no impact on a contractor"s ability to compete for any future requirements that may follow this RFI. Submission of Questions Interested parties are invited to submit questions related to this RFI in writing via email to SPcard@gsa.gov and jennifer.g.richards@gsa.gov. The email subject line shall include the text "Questions: RFI 47QRAB26N0002”. Emails without this text in the subject line may not be acknowledged. As described in related notice 47QRAB26N0001, CCCM is planning to host a virtual Industry Day event in May 2026. Questions regarding this RFI received at least 5 business days before the virtual Industry Day event are intended to be answered during the event. During the event, participants may have an opportunity to ask additional questions; however, the government reserves the right to answer any or all of these questions in writing following the event. All other questions related to this RFI shall be received in writing in the same manner described above, no later than May 22, 2026. All questions and/or answers will be documented in writing and shared as a revision to this posting on or around June 5, 2026. Questions for Response Company Profile Please provide the following information for your company: Name of company Type of company (e.g., issuer, network, processor) SAM.gov Unique Entity Identification (UEI) Number Relevant NAICS codes Relevant government contracts or vehicles Describe your company and include an overview of corporate structure and when the company was founded or formed. Is your company owned domestically or by a foreign entity? How is your company funded (e.g., publicly traded, privately held)? What is your company’s estimated revenue, as you are able to share? What is the annual average transaction and sales volume of all commercial payment transactions in your company’s commercial suite of offerings? Please feel free to limit this information to federal government activity only, as applicable and indicate if it is federal government only. What is the annual average transaction and sales volume for corporate credit card or charge card transactions only? Please feel free to limit this information to federal government activity only, as applicable and indicate if it is federal government only. GSA SmartPay and Payments Industry Experience Given the size, scope, and complexity of providing commercial charge card and payment related services to the federal government, CCCM is seeking information from interested parties about the experience of providing services either to the federal government itself, or to other types of large, complex commercial or non-government companies and entities. Is your company a current or previous GSA SmartPay contractor bank? If not, but your company is or was a subcontractor or partner to a GSA SmartPay contractor bank, please indicate so. Is your company currently providing similar or relevant payment services to government agencies? If yes, but your company is not a current GSA SmartPay 3 contractor bank, please name those agencies. If not, but your company has previously provided similar or relevant non-GSA SmartPay 3 payment services to government agencies, please name those agencies. Is your company currently providing similar or relevant payment services to commercial entities or private companies? If yes, please name those companies, as you are able, or provide a brief description of the entities or companies. If not, but your company has previously provided similar or relevant payment services to commercial entities or private companies, please name those companies or provide a brief description of the entities or companies. General Interest in the GSA SmartPay Program Since the inception of the GSA SmartPay 3 program, the government has identified potential opportunities in innovation and efficiencies, as a result of overall payment industry advancement. This includes potential service providers that are non-banking entities that currently do not conduct business with the government. CCCM is seeking information to gauge the level of interest in potentially competing for the next generation of the GSA SmartPay contract from both banking and non-banking entities. Has your company been interested in competing for previous versions of the GSA SmartPay master contract? If yes, please see the next question. If not, please indicate why your company was not interested previously. If your company was interested in competing for previous versions of the GSA SmartPay master contract, did your company submit a proposal? If yes, please indicate if the proposal was submitted for GSA SmartPay 1, GSA SmartPay 2, or GSA SmartPay 3. If not, please indicate why your company made the decision not to submit a proposal. How interested is your company in potentially competing as a prime contractor for the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay master contract? If you indicate anything other than “very interested” or “moderately interested,” please provide a narrative reason (e.g., not financially feasible, may not be able to meet specific requirements, too risky, organization might not be able to support, burdensome government requirements): Very interested Moderately interested Slightly interested Not interested Definitely not interested Unknown at this time If your company is not interested or cannot compete as a prime contractor, please indicate the level of interest in participating in the program as a subcontractor. Please also indicate your company’s potential role and support or services provided. Very interested Moderately interested Slightly interested Not interested Definitely not interested Unknown at this time Does your company work with partners who may be interested in participating for the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay master contract? If so, please provide a description of your partner company or companies and the types of services they would be able to provide. Industry-identified Risks for Providing Services to the Government The government acknowledges that providing government-wide commercial charge card and payment related services – given the size, scope, and complexity of federal government agencies and organization – comes with risk. The government is seeking information about specific risks for providing charge card and commercial payment services at a federal government-wide scale. Please list any short to medium term risks that your company identifies in the current program, as reflected in the current GSA SmartPay 3 master contract. Please list any long term risks that your company identifies in the current program. Please provide recommendations for mitigating any identified risks. Are there any identified risks that would prevent or discourage your company from competing for the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay master contract? Are there steps the government can take to help mitigate those risks to encourage competition? Commercial Practices and Government-specific Requirements For the next generation of the GSA SmartPay program, the government intends to leverage commercial solutions, practices, and standards, more than it currently does under the requirements of the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract. However, based on the size, scope, complexity, and financial systems, there may be limitations. The government is seeking information about these limitations and the impacts of potential constraints to the industry for providing government-wide commercial charge card and payment related services. Scalability As discussed in the introduction, the GSA SmartPay program currently supports approximately 250 federal government agencies, certain eligible organizations, and Native American Tribal organizations. In FY 2025, approximately 4.2 million GSA SmartPay 3 card/account holders spent nearly $40 billion, through 82 million transactions. This includes providing specific configuration or customizations – including banking system interfaces – based on agency and organization missions and needs. Would your company be able to provide commercial charge card and payment related services to meet requirements similar in scope and complexity to the current requirements under the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract, as late as November 2031 if all options on the current GSA SmartPay 3 are exercised? Yes No Would your company be able to scale operations to provide services for the GSA SmartPay program if CCCM pursued a shortened timeline (e.g., contract award by the end of FY 2027 and program cutover no later than November 2028)? Yes No Government Shutdowns There have been 16 instances in the history of the United States, where the federal government has experienced a whole or partial lapse in funding. This includes five instances where the entire government has been shut down. During government shutdowns, there may be instances where federal government agencies are required to continue providing mission critical services (e.g., national defense, natural disasters, health care, intelligence), including the need to continue to spend using GSA SmartPay solutions. However, given lapses in funding and constraints to financial operations, agencies may not be able to pay outstanding invoices, even through extended government shut downs. This is addressed in the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract in sections C.6.2.1 Government-Wide Shutdown and C.6.2.2 Continuity of Operations. GSA SmartPay program maintains monthly spend data for agencies on its website. Interested parties should review the GSA SmartPay Statistics and Reports to understand that during a government-wide shutdown a significant portion of monthly spend that occurred prior to and/or during the shutdown period (~$1B) could remain outstanding for several billing cycles Would your company be able to continue to provide government-wide commercial charge card and payment related services while absorbing the financial impact of a temporary pause in payment? How would your company mitigate the financial risks of a temporary pause in payment, including payment lags? Government Financial Systems The executive order “Protecting America’s Bank Account Against Fraud, Waste, and Abuse” is designed to help modernize federal government financial systems, specifically section 5 “Core Financial System Consolidation.” However, given the time and planning required, implementation of the executive order may not fully take effect in the near term, and providers of services under the next generation of the GSA SmartPay program may have to mitigate risks associated with complex, segmented, or aging financial systems. Is your company able to provide services to federal government agencies and organizations that have complex, segmented, or aging financial systems? What are the risks associated with interfacing with and providing services at scale to federal government agencies and organizations that have complex, segmented, or aging financial systems? How would your company mitigate those risks? Is your company able to provide your complete suite of commercial charge card and payment services to federal government agencies that are not able or willing to use technology that may be widely available in the private sector, such as application programming interfaces or mobile wallets? Individually Billed Accounts - Travel Under the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract, the definition of individually billed account (Section C.1 Definitions) is the following, “A Contractor-issued account used by authorized individuals to pay for official travel and travel-related expenses for which the Contractor bills the account holder, and for which the individual is liable to pay. Individually Billed Accounts may only be issued to Federal employees or employees of Tribes or Tribal Organizations.” Currently, as defined, the individual is wholly responsible for payment and the government is not liable for the individual"s nonpayment of IBA balances. At the end of fiscal year 2025, there were nearly 3 million individually billed accounts for authorized, mission specific travel. Is your company able and willing to provide individually billed account services to federal government agencies, as written in the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract, including all provisions in Section C.3.3 Account Management? If not, what are potential alternatives that may mitigate potential risks while providing large, complex agencies with flexible solutions to meet mission needs? Given the federal government’s state sales tax exemption status, how would your company help ensure that the federal government account holders only pay state sales tax when required, including when an individually billed solution is used. More information about state sales tax exemption is available in frequently asked questions. Cloud Computing & Security The Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP) identifies appropriate cloud computing products and services, and evaluates those products and services against a common baseline of security controls. FedRAMP authorization is not currently required by the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract. However, Office and Management and Budget Memorandum (OMB) M-24-15 Modernizing the Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program (FedRAMP), requires agencies to obtain and maintain a FedRAMP authorization when a cloud product or service falls within the scope of Section III Scope of FedRAMP. Additional details and timing of the next iteration of FedRAMP is available in descriptions of FedRAMP 20x. Would the services or solutions provided by your company require FedRAMP authorization? Yes No If so, would your company be in a position to attain and maintain a FedRAMP authorization for the GSA SmartPay program by November 2031? Yes No Would your company be in a position to attain and maintain a FedRAMP authorization for the GSA SmartPay program if CCCM pursued a shortened timeline (e.g., contract award by the end of FY 2027 and program cutover no later than November 2028)? Yes No Are there any risks for your company associated with requiring FedRAMP authorization for participation in the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay program? Would requiring FedRAMP authorization for participation in the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay program deter your company from proposing? Hierarchy Management Based on the complexity of the federal government’s mission, agencies may require more hierarchies in account and data management, than currently utilized by commercial industry. What is your company’s (or a prospective partner’s) ability or capability to support multiple hierarchies, which may be up to ten levels or beyond? Innovation in Government The government is seeking feedback about the role of innovation in the payments industry and how emerging technologies would support increased government productivity, efficiency, outcomes, and value in the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay program. Please describe your company’s approach for innovation in the payment space. What is the specific role of artificial intelligence in your commercial offerings (e.g., data mining, real time transaction monitoring, flagging for potential waste, fraud, or misuse)? Are there potential expansion opportunities for artificial intelligence? What innovative payment models, technologies, or commercial practices could be adapted to improve how federal agencies facilitate payments to each other, particularly in terms of speed, transparency, and administrative efficiency? Specific Requirements in the GSA SmartPay 3 Master Contract The government is seeking specific feedback about requirements currently in the GSA SmartPay 3 master contract. Are there specific requirements that would prevent or discourage your company from competing for the next iteration of the GSA SmartPay master contract? If yes, please provide the specific citation in the master contract and describe the issue. Security (Section C.8 Security Requirements) Can you identify any conflicts between compliance with the security requirements within the GSA SmartPay master contract and compliance with Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards? Specifically, would your company be able to comply with the following requirements, as written: Housing and data storage in the United States (Section C.8 Security Requirements) Eligible personnel (Section

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/757ae029011c4736b59f63e616a1d085/view)