---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought: Bonneville Powerhouse 2 Unwatering Pump Replacement
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 6b87d22b173f49f1aae0ae264a8a7f76
---

# Sources Sought: Bonneville Powerhouse 2 Unwatering Pump Replacement

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-17 16:25:09.183-04
- Solicitation Number: W9127N26SS0018

## Summary

General: This sources sought is for market research purposes only and does not constitute a commitment by the Government. All information submitted in response to this sources sought is voluntary, and the Government will not pay for the information requested nor will it compensate any respondent for any cost incurred in developing information provided to the Government in response to this sources sought notice. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) Porltand District (NWP) invites industry to share their capabilities and interest in this project. All interested parties, regardless of business size, are encouraged to provide documentation demonstrating their capability to meet the project requirements. Prior experience with Government contracts is not a prerequisite for responding to this notice. Solicitation Timeframe: NWP intends to issue a solicitation for this work in approximately August 2026. Solicitation Type: The Government intends to issue an Invitation for Bids (IFB) for this procurement. Anticipated Contract Type: NWP contemplates awarding one firm-fixed-price construction contract. Contract award is anticipated in September of 2026. NAICS: The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement is 237990; Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction with a small business size standard of $45M. Magnitude of Construction: The estimated magnitude of construction is between $250,000 and $500,000. Project Location: Bonneville Lock and Dam, built and operated by USACE, was the first federal lock and dam on the Columbia and Snake rivers. The project’s first powerhouse, spillway and original navigation lock were completed in 1938 to improve navigation on the Columbia River and provide hydropower to the Pacific Northwest. A second powerhouse was completed in 1981, and a larger navigation lock in 1993. Today, the project is a critical part of the water resource management system that provides flood risk management, power generation, water quality improvement, irrigation, fish and wildlife habitat and recreation along the Columbia River. The dam spans Oregon and Washington. Contractor access to the work site will be from Highway 84 on the Oregon side of the Columbia River. All work for this project is in Skamania County, Washington. Project Background: Bonneville’s Second Powerhouse is equipped with two unwatering pumps that are critical to supporting unit overhauls, controlling leakage, and maintaining fish passage systems. One of these pumps is currently over?amping and tripping and is therefore no longer suitable for continued service. Summary Scope of Work: This project involves the removal and replacement of Bonneville’s Powerhouse 2 Unwatering Pump Assembly number 1. The existing assembly will be retained by the Government for spare parts. The new assembly will include a new pump, motor and strainer basket. The contractor will procure the new assembly and furnish all necessary labor and materials to install and commission the new pump. The Government will operate the crane and intends to complete unstacking of the existing assembly prior to contractor installation activities. If the Government is unable to remove the existing pump, there may be an option for the contractor to complete removal of the existing pump prior to installing the new assembly. Hazardous Energy Control Program (HECP) safety training is required. Anticipated new motor/pump requirements: 7,000 GPM <300HP Vertical Turbine Unwatering Pump Hollow motor shaft NEMA MG1 Part 31 (VFD standard) 480V 3 Phase Anticipated Construction Timeframe: Complete construction including commissioning 180 calendar days after receipt of the Notice to Proceed. Project Constraints: CMMC: Contractors are advised that Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 1 (Self?Assessment) is required for this acquisition. Solicitation documents that contain Federal Contract Information (FCI) may be restricted to only those offerors that demonstrate a current CMMC Level 1 (Self?Assessment) status in the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS). Prior to receiving solicitation documents containing FCI, if applicable, offerors must affirm their CMMC status and maintain it as current to remain eligible; failure to meet this requirement may result in elimination from further consideration. CMMC requirements apply to prime contractors and to all subcontractors at any tier that will process, store, or transmit FCI on contractor information systems in performance of this contract or subcontract. The prime contractor shall comply with and shall require applicable subcontractors to comply with and flow down, the CMMC requirements such that compliance is maintained throughout the supply chain at all tiers, consistent with 32 CFR part 170 and DFARS 252.204?7021. If a subcontractor will only process, store, or transmit FCI in performance of the subcontract, then a CMMC status of Level 1 (Self?Assessment) is required for that subcontractor. Subcontractors that will not process, store, or transmit FCI are not subject to CMMC requirements under this contract. Question for Industry: What CMMC level does your firm currently hold? If you are in the process of obtaining certification, please indicate your target CMMC level and the status of your compliance efforts. Submission Instructions: Responses to this Sources Sought notice are limited to 5 pages and must be submitted via email to Aragon Liebzeit, Contract Specialist, at Aragon.N.Liebzeit@usace.army.mil by 3:00 pm Pacific Time on 04 May 2026. Please include the following: Firm's name, address, contact, phone, e-mail, and System for Award Management (SAM) Unique Entity ID (UEI). Business classification: Large Business, Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUBZone), Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB), Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business (EDWOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small business (SDVOSB) or Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB). Relevant capabilities, qualifications, special certifications/equipment, and proposed subcontractors if known. Up to three similar projects involving the replacement of unwatering or drainage pumps with capacities of or exceeding approximately 7,000 GPM and rated at less than 300 HP. Submitted projects should be similar in size, scope and complexity to the work described above. For each project, provide: (1) a brief project description, (2) contract number, (3) contract value, (4) identification of your firm’s role and the type of work performed (prime contractor or subcontractor), and (5) customer point of contact information (name, title, phone, and email). Please provide an answer to the CMMC question above. Please state your firm’s bonding capability. Level of interest in bidding this project if issued as an IFB, and any additional information relative to the Government. Disclaimer/Important Notes: This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or issue an IFB. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization's capabilities to perform the work. Pursuant to Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Overhaul (RFO) 4.203-1 (b), firms must be SAM registered at the time their bid is submitted. Bids from firms that have not registered or completed their online representations and certifications may be rejected. The initial registration process in SAM may take several weeks. Registration instructions may be obtained, and online registration may be accomplished, at www.SAM.gov All interested firms must be registered in SAM to have their firm’s size status considered in response to this sources sought announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Aragon Liebzeit
  - Email: aragon.n.liebzeit@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 5038084610
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Cory Pfenning
  - Email: cory.r.pfenning@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6b87d22b173f49f1aae0ae264a8a7f76/view)