---
layout: default
title: USACE SPK DBB Construction - LAR C3B North - Sacramento, CA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 5258d62b04bd4c6d8c201f603e60d9aa
---

# USACE SPK DBB Construction - LAR C3B North - Sacramento, CA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-02 14:13:54.123-04
- Solicitation Number: W9123826S0014

## Summary

This Sources Sought Notice is being issued for market research purposes to determine the availability, capability, and interest of small business firms for a potential Government requirement. NO SOLICITATION IS AVAILABLE; requests for a solicitation will go unanswered. No award will be made from this Notice. Responses will be used to determine potential acquisition strategies, understand current market capabilities, and to gain knowledge of potential sources. GENERAL SCOPE: The United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) Sacramento District (SPK) anticipates a potential requirement for design-bid-build (DBB) construction services to conduct erosion control and levee strengthening protections along the North bank of the Lower American River (LAR) in Sacramento, California (CA). The anticipated project is required to continue American River Common Features (ARCF) erosion reduction efforts along the LAR. Prior efforts were awarded under USACE contract W9123824C0014, LAR Contract 3 (C3) A. The anticipated forthcoming requirement is referred to as “LAR C3B” (Contract 3B). Market research for this requirement was previously sources sought notice W9123825BA007. Following initial market research, it was determined that the work would be more accurately procured as separate projects, based on having seperate discreet work location. As such, this project is now being split into two (2) separate acquisitions. See Sources Sought Notice number W9123826S0015 for information related to the LAR C3B South requirement The Government anticipates work will be required along the North bank of the American River North (Sites 3-1 and 4-2) to include constructing launchable rock toe, launchable trench, and tie backs along approximately 1.8 miles of river, located on the right bank, which roughly extends from Howe Ave upstream to near Harrington Way. The Government anticipates work will include excavating, placement, and regrading of material on the riverbank slope and levee embankment, installation of soil-filled rock slope protection on the waterside levee face and riverbank, soil and rock placement to construct river toe protection and planting bench features, instream wood structure placement on the planting benches, construction of buried launchable trench features in the overbank, tie-in of erosion protection elements to existing rock revetment features, providing temporary erosion control for stabilization of disturbed soil areas, and import and placement of riprap. The Government anticipates vegetation clearing may be performed under a separate Government contract prior to erosion protection efforts. A DRAFT copy of the requirement plans and specifications are included as attachments to this Notice. Changes are anticipated to be made to these documents prior to any subsequent solicitation. Questions related to the draft plans and specifications will NOT be entertained; instructions for submitting questions related to any future solicited plans and specifications will be included in any forthcoming solicitation. The Government anticipates the requirement will be fully designed. The Government estimates the anticipated requirement can be constructed within seven-hundred-sixty (760) calendar days from receipt of Notice to Proceed. The Government estimates work may be completed in late Spring through Fall 2027 and 2028. The project is anticipated to require working in the active channel of the American River; in-water work is anticipated to be limited to performance from July through October. The potential requirement may result in a firm-fixed-price solicitation issued approximately September 2026. If solicited, the Government intends to award the anticipated requirement by approximately January 2027. The Government estimates that construction of the potential requirement can be completed within seven-hundred sixty (760) calendar days from receipt of Notice to Proceed. If market conditions indicate this estimate may be unrealistic, Respondents are encouraged to provide specific information (such as known equipment lead times or other timeline concerns) for Government consideration when responding to this Sources Sought Notice. The Government currently estimates the target price range (previously magnitude of construction) for the potential project may be between $45,000,000.00 and $60,000,000.00. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for the potential requirement is anticipated to be 237990, Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction. The small business size standard for the NAICS, as established by the U.S. Small Business Administration, is $45,500,000 annual revenue. The Product Service Code for the potential requirement is anticipated to be Y1PZ, Construction of Other Non-Building Facilities. If there is a reasonable expectation that at least two (2) responsible small business concerns under this NAICS can provide the anticipated services at fair market prices, the Contracting Officer is required to set the acquisition aside for small business concerns. If competition is set-aside for small businesses, Federal Acquisition Regulation 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting, requires that general construction small business Contractors self-perform at least twenty-five percent (25%) of the cost of the contract, not including the cost of materials. If no set aside is made, the requirement is competed with full and open competition, and the awarded Contractor is not a small business, the Contractor may be required to self-perform the percentage of work if required in the solicitation. Contractors with the skill, capabilities, workload capacity, and ability to obtain bonding to complete the project described above (either through self-performance and/or Subcontractor management) are invited to provide capability statements to the primary point of contact listed below. Other than small businesses are also encouraged to submit Capability Statements. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Responses must be limited to fourteen (14) 8.5 x 11-inch pages with a minimum font size of point 10. Please provide the following information: 1) Company name, System for Award Management Unique Entity Identification number (SAM UEID) or Employer Identification Number (EIN), address, point of contact name, contact phone number, contact e-mail address, and statement identifying whether the company employs union or non-union workers. 2) Experience and capability to complete contracts of similar magnitude and complexity to the potential requirement, including at least three (3) examples of comparable work performed within the past six (6) years. Each example should include a brief description of the project, description of the work performed (identification of self-performance and/or Subcontractor management), customer name, customer satisfaction, timeliness of performance, dollar value of the project, whether a Project Labor Agreement (PLA) was used and whether there were any challenges experienced during the project (delays, investigations, health and safety issues, labor shortages, management/organizational issues, etc.). 3) Business size and socioeconomic type for the applicable NAICS (ex: Woman-Owned Small Business, Serviced-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), certified Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone), 8(a) Participant, small business, or other than small business (large business)). 4) Bonding capability (in the form of a Surety letter). 5) PLA Survey. A PLA is a pre-hire collective bargaining agreement with labor organization(s) that establishes the terms and conditions of employment for a specific construction project. Pursuant to Executive Order 14063, Use of Project Labor Agreements for Federal Construction Projects, agencies are mandated to use PLAs for large-scale construction projects (defined as projects where the total cost to the Government of the project is estimated to be at least $35,000,000.00) unless exempted by the agency Senior Procurement Executive. To assist the Government in determining whether a PLA will or will not apply to the anticipated requirement, please fill out and return the attached PLA Survey. Please submit all capabilities statements, information, brochures, and/or marketing material as one (1) document, limited to the page maximum above. Responses will not be considered an offer, proposal, or bid for any solicitation that may result from this Notice. Moreover, responses will not restrict the Government to an acquisition approach. This Notice is for information and planning purposes only. Respondents will not be notified of the results of any review conducted or the capability statements received. Please provide responses and/or questions by e-mail to the Contract Specialist, Henry Barron, at (henry.d.barron@usace.army.mil) by 0800 / 8:00 A.M. (PT) Monday, 27 April 2026. Please include the Sources Sought Notice number ‘W9123826S0014’ in the e-mail subject line.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Henry Barron
  - Email: henry.d.barron@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Rachel Kinney
  - Email: rachel.kinney@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5258d62b04bd4c6d8c201f603e60d9aa/view)