---
layout: default
title: DIPLOMATIC PLATFORM SUPPORT SERVICES II (DiPSS II) IDIQ
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ca7bcf93a2c84350aefb20f3de2697a7
---

# DIPLOMATIC PLATFORM SUPPORT SERVICES II (DiPSS II) IDIQ

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-26 20:07:17.442-04
- Solicitation Number: 19AQMM26R0179

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought Notice issued solely for information and planning purposes. The Department of State is seeking qualified sources for the potential next iteration of the Diplomatic Platform Support Services (DiPSS) IDIQ. This notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP), Invitation for Bid (IFB), or Request for Quotation (RFQ), nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. This Sources Sought is issued for the following purposes: Receive industry comment on the overarching seven (7) Capability Areas Attachment 1: Draft Capability Areas and Attachment 2: Draft DiPSS II NAICs Codes. Determine market interest, feasibility, and capability of sources. Determine initial operating capability across the globe. The Diplomatic Platform Support Services II (DiPSS II) IDIQ will provide a full range of services for Program Management, Construction, Life Support, Logistics and Supplies, Medical and Emergency Operations, Maintenance, and Security Support Services to U.S. Department of State (DOS) and other U.S. Government agencies under Chief of Mission Authority and, under special circumstances, non-Chief of Mission activities across the globe. DOS anticipates a large portion of the contract to focus on locations in the Middle East and South-Central Asia contingency environments; however, the places of performance will not be limited to any one region of the world. DOS’ Global Acquisitions (GA) anticipates awarding a multiple award Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract. The Department of State welcomes the participation of qualified Joint Ventures and also encourages teaming to ensure an effective solution. Small Business that are in or are considering Joint Ventures are encouraged to respond to the Sources Sought. A response to this Sources Sought will not be considered an adequate response to any forthcoming solicitation announcement and the Government will not provide a debriefing on the results of this Sources Sought. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this Sources Sought notice or any follow-up information requests. All information submitted will be held in a confidential manner. Attachments: Attachment 1: Draft Capability Areas Attachment 2: Draft DiPSS II NAICs Codes. Submission Requirements: Interested companies must provide feedback to the questions below and provide a brief capabilities package consisting of no more than 10 pages in length (exclusive of the 7 minimum required questions listed below). Late responses will not be accepted. Submissions must be emailed to Contracting Officer Ryan Colgan (ColganRP@state.gov) and copy Contract Specialists Justin Rautenbach (RautenbachJ@state.gov) no later than 3:00 PM EST on April 16, 2026. Responses shall at a minimum include: Company name, office location(s), Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), CAGE Code, and POC information (Name, Title, Phone Number, and email address). If you intend to develop a Joint Venture (JV) in response to this requirement, please describe the nature of the JV and its members, indicating the Managing member. A statement identifying your company's ability to recruit qualified personnel to work in austere locations. A statement on what type of contract your company believes would be the best for this requirement. A statement identifying if your company can accommodate a cost type contract. If applicable, provide comments to the draft Capability Areas and draft DiPSS II NAICs Codes. List relevant experience within the last three years. All examples must be listed in the table format below and limited to no more than 5 entries. Please note, text that is bold and in italics is illustrative and should be deleted. Contract Number: 19AQMM36C1234 Agency Name: Department of State Customer POC: John Smith, Contracting Officer John.Smith@state.gov Location of Performance: OCONUS location supported Total Contract Value: $1,000,000 Period of Performance: 5-years Contract Type: Time and Material (T&M) Prime/Sub-contractor: Prime Brief Description: Brief description no more than 100 words

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ryan Colgan
  - Email: ColganRP@state.gov
  - Phone: 202-341-2627
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Justin Rautenbach
  - Email: RautenbachJ@state.gov
  - Phone: 202-368-2589

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Draft Capability Areas and Attachment 2: Draft DiPSS II NAICs Codes. Determine market interest, feasibility, and capability of sources. Determine initial operating capability across the globe. The Diplomatic Platform Support Services II (DiPSS II) IDIQ will provide a full range of services for Program Management, Construction, Life Support, Logistics and Supplies, Medical and Emergency Operations, Maintenance, and Security Support Services to U.S. Department of State (DOS) and other U.S. Government agencies under Chief of Mission Authority and, under special circumstances, non-Chief of Mission activities across the globe. DOS anticipates a large portion of the contract to focus on locations in the Middle East and South-Central Asia contingency environments; however, the places of performance will not be limited to any one region of the world. DOS’ Global Acquisitions (GA) anticipates awarding a multiple award Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract. The Department of State welcomes the participation of qualified Joint Ventures and also encourages teaming to ensure an effective solution. Small Business that are in or are considering Joint Ventures are encouraged to respond to the Sources Sought. A response to this Sources Sought will not be considered an adequate response to any forthcoming solicitation announcement and the Government will not provide a debriefing on the results of this Sources Sought. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this Sources Sought notice or any follow-up information requests. All information submitted will be held in a confidential manner. Attachments: Attachment 1: Draft Capability Areas Attachment 2: Draft DiPSS II NAICs Codes. Submission Requirements: Interested companies must provide feedback to the questions below and provide a brief capabilities package consisting of no more than 10 pages in length (exclusive of the 7 minimum required questions listed below). Late responses will not be accepted. Submissions must be emailed to Contracting Officer Ryan Colgan (ColganRP@state.gov) and copy Contract Specialists Justin Rautenbach (RautenbachJ@state.gov) no later than 3:00 PM EST on April 16, 2026. Responses shall at a minimum include: Company name, office location(s), Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), CAGE Code, and POC information (Name, Title, Phone Number, and email address). If you intend to develop a Joint Venture (JV) in response to this requirement, please describe the nature of the JV and its members, indicating the Managing member. A statement identifying your company"s ability to recruit qualified personnel to work in austere locations. A statement on what type of contract your company believes would be the best for this requirement. A statement identifying if your company can accommodate a cost type contract. If applicable, provide comments to the draft Capability Areas and draft DiPSS II NAICs Codes. List relevant experience within the last three years. All examples must be listed in the table format below and limited to no more than 5 entries. Please note, text that is bold and in italics is illustrative and should be deleted. Contract Number: 19AQMM36C1234 Agency Name: Department of State Customer POC: John Smith, Contracting Officer John.Smith@state.gov Location of Performance: OCONUS location supported Total Contract Value: $1,000,000 Period of Performance: 5-years Contract Type: Time and Material (T&M) Prime/Sub-contractor: Prime Brief Description: Brief description no more than 100 words

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ca7bcf93a2c84350aefb20f3de2697a7/view)