---
layout: default
title: 6520--Supply, A-DEC Chairs - Dental Clinic, Cleveland
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 2c81f72960b94c0eaa5a413a088bc2ec
---

# 6520--Supply, A-DEC Chairs - Dental Clinic, Cleveland

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 11:56:38.498-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25026Q0402
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis-Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ 36C25026Q0402. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC2026-01. This solicitation is full and open competition, after exclusions. Contracted vendors will be given priority where applicable. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 339114, Dental Equipment and Supplies Manufacturing with a business size standard of 750. The FSC/PSC is 6520. The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office (NCO)10, Louis Stokes Cleveland VA Medical Center 10701 East Blvd., Cleveland, Ohio 44106 is seeking to purchase the following equipment, A-DEC. 511, Dental Chairs series for the Dental Clinic at the Louis Stokes Cleveland VAMC. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services Line Item Item/Product Description Quantity Unit of Measure 1 ADec-511 A-DEC-511 Chair 16 EA 2 ADec-533 A-DEC-533 Continental Delivery System 16 EA 3 ADec-14.0486.00 14.0486.00 - Bottle, WTR,2 Liter 03 EA 4 ADec-54.0822.00 ADec-54.0822.00 - 54.0822.00 - Coupler,6-pin,460LED, Multi Flex 10 EA 5 ADec-54.0838.00 65 EA 6 A Dec-INSTALLATION A-Dec-INSTALLATION - INSTALLATION - Charges for Install Labor 01 EA 7 ADec-DEINSTALLATION A-Dec-DE-INSTALLATION - DE-INSTALLATION - Charges for De-Installation 01 EA 8 ADec-BLANKETWRAP ADec-BLANKETWRAP - BLANKETWRAP - Blanket Wrap Service 01 EA 9 ADec-TURN-IN ADec-TURN-IN - TURN-IN - A-dec Dental Chair Turn-In 01 EA Statement of Work (SOW) Contract Number: Task Order Number: IFCAP Tracking Number: 541-26-1-250-0017 Follow-on to Contract and Task Order Number: 1. Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). Name: Section: Dental Service; VAMC Cleveland; VISN 10 Address: 10701 East Blvd. Cleveland, Ohio 44106 Phone Number: Fax Number: E-Mail Address: 2. Contract Title. A-Dec 511 Patient Chair/Delivery System 3. Background. Louis Stokes Veterans Affairs Medical Center (LSVAMC), Dental Service is looking for a vendor to provide our dental department with patient dental chairs/delivery systems. Our dental service has been using the dental chairs for over 10 years. The dental department has been making repairs to the existing chairs on an as- needed basis, but the chairs breaking down have been affecting the clinic s productivity and ability to treat our veterans in a timely manner. 4. Scope. VAMC Cleveland is expecting the vendor to provide patient dental chairs/delivery system within an agreed-upon timeline, in new condition without damage, wrapped or boxed for safety and protection, delivered to the warehouse at least a week before assembling in the location, the vendor will assemble per factory directions all dental chairs in the service, and assure their functionality as described in the manufacturer s guide, the vendor will discard all disposals in the trash provided by the medical center. Cleveland VAMC, dental service reserves the right to deny delivery if the condition of the stools upon delivery is not what is expected, and the vendor will need to exchange the items without any additional charge to the medical center. SPECIFIC PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS: 511 511 - A-dec 511 Chair 16 V0313.0015 Price Book 2025 (2/3/25 thru Present) 511 Model 511 Patient Chair V0412.0001 Quick Ship Not Eligible V0452.0002 Product Version B V0592.0002 300 Pro / 500 Pro Compatible Yes V0074.0002 Voltage 120 Volts V0009.0002 Base Color White V0075.0014 Upholstery Color Type Formed/Seamless V0073.0004 Upholstery Style 511 F02 Style V0072.9998 Upholstery Color to Follow V0040.0001 Contoured Floor Box V0037.0002 Duplex and QDs V0327.0010 Packaging Blanket Wrap with Pallet 533 533 - A-dec 533 Continental Delivery System 16 533 Model 533 Radius Continental Delivery System V0412.0001 Quick Ship Not Eligible V0452.0002 Product Version B V0009.0002 Base Color White V0195.0267 Foundation Price 533B Radius Mount with Deluxe Plus Touchpad V0070.0016 Tray Holder Standard Side Mount V0573.0001 Stainless Steel Tray One Standard Tray V0041.0008 Foot Control Disc (with chip blower/accessory button) V0071.0011 Umbilical 1.5' V0327.0010 Packaging Blanket Wrap with Pallet V0128.0001 Handing Right V0036.0010 Doctor's Touchpad Deluxe Plus Touchpad V0330.0002 Handpiece Tubing Style Silicone Handpiece Tubing V0267.0005 Position 1 Autoclavable QD Syringe V0267.0002 Position 2 4-Hole Tubing V0267.0001 Position 3 6-Pin Tubing V0267.0102 Position 4 KaVo Electric Motor V0267.0106 Position 5 Cavitron Steri-Mate 360 Ultrasonic V0267.0003 Position 6 No Tubing V0053.0009 Electric Motor Control Module EMC-703 V0504.0001 USB Hub A-dec USB 2.0 powered hub (Control Head) V0504.0002 Floor Box USB hub None V0598.9999 Preventative Maintenance No Kit 54.0838.00 54.0838.00 - Motor, Electric HDPC, KL 703 INSTALLATION - Charges for Install Labor DE-INSTALLATION - Charges for De-Installation Equipment TURN-IN - A-dec Dental Chair Turn-In BLANKETWRAP - Blanket Wrap Service 5. Specific Tasks. The chairs will offer a lift capacity of 500 lbs. needed for our patient population and will prevent possible injury to the patients and staff. 6. Delivery: Packed items will be delivered to the Cleveland VA warehouse located at 10701 East Blvd. Cleveland OH, 44106, a week before installation and assembly. The warehouse will deliver the packed items to the dental department either Thursday evening after work hours or Friday morning, so the items are ready for assembly by the vendors during off-hours or the weekend. Final delivery will be to Dental Services located at 10701 East Blvd. Cleveland OH, 44106 fourth floor of the main building. Federal Holidays Observed: New Year s Day January 1 Martin Luther King s Birthday 3rd Monday in January Presidents Day 3rd Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth Day June 19 Independence Day July 4 Labor Day 1st Monday in September Columbus Day 2nd Monday in October Veterans Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day 4th Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25th 7. Security Requirements. N/A 8. Space/Utilities. N/A 9. Cleaning: Vendor will discard all disposables in the trash provided by the medical center. 10. Place of Performance: VAMC Cleveland, DENTAL SERVICE 11. Period of Performance: Destination delivery, 60 Days ARO or earlier. Quotes must be received by March 24, 2026, by 3:00pm EST. Email your quote to Jennifer.Tisdale@va.gov. Please ensure to reference solicitation # 36C25026Q0402 within the subject line of the email. Quote(s)/offer(s) received after the prescribed deadline, shall be considered non-responsive and will not be considered for award. All questions or concerns can be address to Jennifer A. Tisdale, Contract Specialist at email address Jennifer.Tisdale@va.go Delivery shall be provided 60 Days ARO, or earlier days after receipt of order, destination. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: Louis Stokes Cleveland VAMC 10701 East Blvd. Cleveland, Ohio 44106 The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at http://acquisition.gov/comp/far/index.html. The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.203-16 PREVENTING PERSONAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST (JUN 2020) FAR 52.203-17 CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS AND REQUIREMENT TO INFORM EMPLOYEES OF WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS (JAN 2023) FAR 52.212-1,Â Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services: In accordance with RFO FAR 12.201-1 and FAR 12.201-2 when appropriate, the contracting officer may (1)Â Insert the provision atÂ 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial ProductsÂ andÂ Commercial Services, inÂ solicitationsÂ forÂ commercial productsÂ orÂ commercial services. FAR 52.212-3, RESERVED Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Items (FEB 2024) Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://www.sam.gov/portal in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Items. If paragraph (j) of the provision is applicable, a written submission is required. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (NOV 2023) FAR 52.232-40 PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTORS (MAR 2023) FAR 52.233-2 SERVICE OF PROTEST (SEPT 2006) - - Hand-Carried Address: Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office 10, Louis Stokes Cleveland VAMC, 10701 East Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44106. FAR 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractor (Nov 2021) VAAR 852.203-70 COMMERCIAL ADVERTISING (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.212-71 GRAY MARKET AND COUNTERFEIT ITEMS (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.232-72 ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF PAYMENT REQUESTS (NOV 2018) VAAR 852,233-70 PROTEST CONTENT/ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION (SEP 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 ALTERNATE PROTEST PROCEDURE (SEP 2018) Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of FAR 12. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms and conditions. This procurement is for new items only; no remanufactured or "gray market" items. No remanufacturers or gray market items will be acceptable. Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) goods sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. Vendor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor, or authorized reseller for the proposed equipment, verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All warranty and service associated with the equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror, whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices. The Total Evaluated Price will be that sum. Technical or Quality: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Past Performance: The past performance evaluation will assess the relative risks associated with a quoter s likelihood of success in fulfilling the solicitation s requirements as indicated by the quoter s record of past performance. The past performance evaluation may be based on the contracting officer s knowledge of and previous experience with the supply or service being acquired; Customer surveys, and past performance questionnaire replies; Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) at http://www.cpars.gov/; or any other reasonable basis. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms and conditions. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. Submission of your response shall be received not later than March 24, 2026, by 3:00pm Eastern Standard Time (EST). Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Jennifer A. Tisdale Contract Specialist Network Contracting Office (NCO) 10 Office: 216-447-8010 Email: jennifer.tisdale@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Tisdale
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: jennifer.tisdale@va.gov
  - Phone: 216-447-8010

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2c81f72960b94c0eaa5a413a088bc2ec/view)