---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Notice for National Security Space Launch (NSSL) Phase 3 Emergent Missions
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: bd1a625c7a554a96ae0d49872a50196e
---

# Sources Sought Notice for National Security Space Launch (NSSL) Phase 3 Emergent Missions

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-21 17:37:24.348-04
- Solicitation Number: Phase3Lane2EmergentMissions_1

## Summary

1. Notice Type: Sources Sought The purpose of this announcement is to identify sources and request industry feedback regarding a potential solicitation/acquisition. The United States Space Force (USSF), Space Systems Command (SSC), System Delta 80 (SYD 80) office for Space Access, is issuing this Sources Sought notice to determine the availability and technical capability of launch service providers to meet critical National Security Space (NSS) mission requirements. The Government is seeking to identify all qualified sources to assess the industrial base’s capability to meet upcoming mission requirements. THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION ONLY. This Sources Sought is being issued for information and planning purposes. It does not constitute a solicitation (Request for Proposal or Request for Quotations) or a promise to issue a solicitation in the future. This Sources Sought does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. Furthermore, the Government is not, at this time, seeking proposals. Respondents to this notice are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred by responding to this notice. All costs associated with responding to this notice will be solely at the expense of the responding party. Submissions may be reviewed by Government personnel and support contractors bound by appropriate non-disclosure agreements. Intellectual or other privileged information contained in responses to this Sources Sought will not be distributed outside of the Department of War or United States Government employees from other Government agencies who are working with SYD 80 on this notice. The Government has entered into contracts with the following companies: The Aerospace Corporation; Alpha Omega Group LLC; Astrion LLC; Auria; Boecore, Inc.; Boyle Enterprises; Figueroa & Associates, LLC; Integrated Data Services, LLC; KBR Wyle Services, LLC; Liona Enterprises Inc.; ManTech International Corporation; Nowinski Engineering & Integration; Nynth Company California LLC; OMNI Consulting Solutions LLC; Quantum Space LLC; SAVI, LLC; Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC); Stellar Solutions; Tecolote Research, Inc.; Tyton LLC; and Wallender & Associates. These companies support the program office by performing technical reviews, systems engineering and integration analyses, cost estimation, and other advisory services. Submission in response to this notice constitutes consent to disclosure of information to these companies. U.S Commercial Provider. In accordance with RFO 9.104-1(g), the company must comply with the U.S Commercial Provider definition in accordance with the Commercial Space Act of 1998, Title II P.L 105-303. 2. Background The National Security Space Launch (NSSL) program procures launch services for a wide range of U.S. Government needs. The NSSL Phase 3 procurement strategy, which was competed under full and open competition, established two lanes for acquiring launch services. The default approach for all missions is Lane 1, which provides for a tiered mission assurance approach and is intended for payloads where the Government can assume a greater degree of launch risk. However, for the most demanding, least risk-tolerant national security payloads, Lane 2 provides for the highest level of mission assurance. These high-priority missions involve high-value assets that require the use of NSSL-certified launch vehicles to ensure the highest degree of reliability and mission success. The capabilities these missions provide the Nation must be deployed successfully and on time. In accordance with the NSSL Phase 3 Lane 2 acquisition strategy, the Space Force awarded three launch service providers capable of meeting the full mission assurance requirements for the nation's low risk tolerant payloads; of those, only two providers currently possess NSSL-certified launch vehicles. 3. Requirement The Government has an emergent requirement to launch up to 25 high-value NSS assets into highly stressing orbits. These missions are planned for procurement as follows: Six (6) missions in Fiscal Year 2027 Nine (9) missions in Fiscal Year 2028 Ten (10) missions in Fiscal Year 2029 These missions are deemed critical to national security and carry the highest priority for mission success and low risk posture that requires nothing less than a NSSL-certified launch service provider to apply the NSSL-directed full gamut of mission assurance processes to achieve timely, successful delivery of these national security assets. The key technical challenges for these missions include, but are not limited to, the following representative reference missions: Direct insertion of a 8,000 lbm payload to a Geosynchronous Earth Orbit (GEO 1.5). Direct insertion of a 20,000 lbm payload to a Medium Earth Orbit (MEO Direct 1). Ability to perform multi-manifest missions, requiring the capability to co-locate and dispense two or more high-value NSS assets from a single launch vehicle. 4. Government's Intended Action Based on the mission-critical nature and the risk-averse posture of these payloads, the Government intends to procure these 25 missions from the two currently NSSL-certified launch service providers on the existing Phase 3 Lane 2 contract vehicle. 5. Request for Capability Statements This Sources Sought notice is intended to determine if any other responsible sources exist that can meet the requirement stated in paragraph 3 above. If your company is not one of the two currently certified NSSL Phase 3 Lane 2 providers who can meet the specified launch requirements no later than 1 October of the procurement Fiscal Year, you are invited to submit a Statement of Capability (SOC). The SOC must demonstrate, with verifiable evidence, how your company will meet the specified launch requirements for these missions. The submission must specifically address: NSSL Certification Plan: The formal agreement between a New Entrant and the USSF documenting the approved tailored certification approach per the Launch Services New Entrant Certification Guide (NECG), including reference NSSL orbits for which the New Entrant intends to seek certification for. The NECG is available upon request via the points of contact identified below. A launch provider without an approved plan would be unable to meet the requirements of this notice. Launch Vehicle Readiness: Verifiable evidence that your Launch Vehicle System will have associated Non-Recurring Design Validation complete, all certification flights completed, and poses no additional readiness issues (including, but not limited to, production/manufacture rates, infrastructure availability, performance on all past or on-going launch service efforts, grounding event) for each projected mission to be awarded in the upcoming procurement years no later than 1 October of the procurement year. Technical Capability: Verifiable evidence of your launch vehicle's capability to deliver a 8,000 lbm payload directly to the specified GEO 1.5 and a 20,000 lbm payload directly to the specified MEO Direct 1. Multi-manifest: Verifiable evidence of ability to integrate and execute multi-manifest launches. Mission Assurance: Your company's approach to providing the total mission assurance required by the U.S. Government for these missions. 6. Company Information Please include the following in your response: Company Name and Address (Include Parent Company, if applicable) Point of Contact (Name, Title, Email, Phone) CAGE Code and DUNS Number Point of Contact Name and Contact Information (Phone Number and Email Address) 7. Submittal Instructions All responses should be sent electronically to the Government points of contact, identified below. Any responses submitted through different channels or to a different email will not be considered. When submitting a response, please use the email subject “Response to Sources Sought – NSSL Phase 3 Emergent Missions.” Points of Contact Primary Ms. Grace Venezia Contract Specialist grace.venezia@spaceforce.mil Secondary Ms. Tabitha Gomez Contracting Officer tabitha.gomez.1@spaceforce.mil Submissions are limited to 10 pages, not including title pages, tables of contents, schedule, or acronym lists. All deliverables in response to this notice shall be submitted in Microsoft Word, Microsoft Project (Schedule) or Adobe formal and shall be unclassified. It is the sole responsibility of the submitter to clearly define to the Government what is considered confidential and/or proprietary. Respondents providing confidential and/or proprietary information shall be clearly marked with appropriate labels. The Government will not evaluate submissions after the tenth page. Marketing materials are highly discouraged. Submissions should use a minimum of 12-point font, single line spacing, and 1-inch margins. All responses to this notice are requested no later than 5:00 PM PDT, 14 calendar days from the date of this posting. The Government will not extend this posting. Disclaimer: The information contained herein is based on the best information available at the time of this notice, is subject to revision, and is not binding on the Government. 8. Small Business Consideration The North American Industry Classification (NAICS) code and size standard are 481212 and 1,500 employees, respectively. Responses from small businesses are encouraged.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Grace Venezia
  - Email: grace.venezia@spaceforce.mil
  - Phone: 3106533217
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Tabitha Gomez
  - Email: tabitha.gomez.1@spaceforce.mil
  - Phone: 3106533697

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bd1a625c7a554a96ae0d49872a50196e/view)