# U--Notice of Intent to Sole Source- Onsite Training

- Agency: ENERGY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-04 09:44:58.364-05
- Solicitation Number: 89503226QWA000711

## Summary

The Department of Energy (DOE), Western Area Power Administration (WAPA), Rocky Mountain Region (RMR), intends to acquire, on a sole source basis, Emergency Response and Basic Life Support Training for its field personnel that work in and around high voltage power lines and substations from Independence Training, 3213 N. Ash Circle, Chandler, AZ 85224. Based on market research, Independence Training is currently the only known source capable of providing the highly specialized and tailored training required, including specific certifications such as Stop-the-Bleed and American Heart Association (AHA) First Aid/CPR/AED, integrated with advanced trauma response techniques for remote, high-risk environments, and specifically adapted for WAPA's unique operational context Independence Training capabilities that align with WAPA requirements and needs: ’┐Į Training based on national standards/committees that include U.S. Department of Defense Tactical Combat Casualty Training (CoTCCC)/Prehospital Trauma Life Support; American College of Surgeons (ACS), and National Association of Emergency Medical Technicians (NAEMT). ’┐Į Training includes nationally recognized Stop-the-Bleed certification for participants ’┐Į American Heart Association (AHA) two (2) year First Aid, Coronary Pulmonary Resuscitation (CPR), Automated External Defibrillator (AED) certifications. ’┐Į Training also includes instruction/training on the following techniques and topics that will benefit/enhance WAPA’┐Įs field personnel’┐Įs ability to provide care: ’┐Į Start the Breathing ’┐Į Patient stabilization ’┐Į Extended care and prolonged rescue considerations ’┐Į Common injuries and casualty evacuation considerations ’┐Į Pre-event planning and post-incident considerations ’┐Į Medical kit assessment ’┐Į Emergency response team management. Independence Training’┐Įs onsite training is provided on an 8:1 ratio, with one instructor for every eight students and includes training materials/tools for all students, as well as post-class/training resources. Additionally, Independence Training can provide the training on the necessary dates April 21-22, 2026, in Montrose, CO and May 5-6, 2026, in Loveland, CO and due to their instructor to student ratio, can meet the WAPA’┐Įs needs of class sizes of up to 85 employees. WAPA’┐Įs Safety and Occupational Health Department Safety Department has determined for consistency and continuity across the enterprise Independence Training shall be the source for First Aid, Coronary Pulmonary Resuscitation (CPR), Automated External Defibrillator (AED), Trauma Response, and Stop the Bleed for field personnel in all WAPA regions. The resulting procurement will be conducted in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12 Commercial Items and RFO Part 6.103-1 Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE PROPOSALS/QUOTES. Responsible sources may submit a capability statement which will be considered by the Agency. Capability statements must be received NO LATER THAN 12:00 p.m. MDT, on March 13, 2026, and shall include documentation on ability to satisfy all the Government’┐Įs requirements as indicated above. Responses/Capability Statements shall be emailed to the Contracting Officer, Carol L. Hammans, hammans@wapa.gov, with the following in the subject line: 89503226QWA000711 - Notice of Intent Response A determination by the Government not to compete based upon responses to this Notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Questions concerning this Notice shall be directed via email to the Contracting Officer, Carol L. Hammans at hammans@wapa.gov NO PHONE CALLS WILL BE ACCEPTED.

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/aec4c0539e98435a8343a99adb57eee5/view