---
layout: default
title: FOUNDATIONS OF TRUSTED SYSTEMS
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 66ef722a26be400b9de90d6fa79a538d
---

# FOUNDATIONS OF TRUSTED SYSTEMS

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 15:57:19.586-04
- Solicitation Number: FA875025S7001

## Summary

NAICS CODE: 541715 FEDERAL AGENCY NAME: Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AFRL - Rome Research Site, AFRL/Information Directorate, 26 Electronic Parkway, Rome, NY, 13441-4514 BAA ANNOUNCEMENT TYPE: Initial announcement BROAD AGENCY ANNOUNCEMENT (BAA): Foundations of Trusted Systems BAA NUMBER: FA8750-25-S-7001 PART I – OVERVIEW INFORMATION This announcement is for an Open, 2 Step BAA which is open and effective until 04 December 2028. Only white papers will be accepted as initial submissions; formal proposals will be accepted by invitation only. While white papers will be considered if received prior to 2 pm Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 04 December 2028, the following submission dates are suggested to best align with projected funding: FY25 by 18 DEC 2024 FY26 by 01 SEP 2025 FY27 by 02 SEP 2026 FY28 by 03 SEP 2027 FY29 by 04 SEP 2028 Offerors should monitor the Contract Opportunities on the SAM website at https://SAM.gov in the event this announcement is amended. CONCISE SUMMARY OF TECHNOLOGY REQUIREMENT: Seeking innovative research in technologies and techniques to establish trusted foundations for hardware and software that enables secure, resilient and affordable Command, Control, Communications, Computers, and Intelligence (C4I) and Cyber technologies (C4I and Cyber Technologies) information processing systems. This BAA is a follow-on to BAA FA8750-20-S-7012 entitled Foundations of Trusted Systems. BAA ESTIMATED FUNDING: Total funding for this BAA is approximately $99.9M. Individual awards will not normally exceed 36 months with dollar amounts normally ranging from $100K to $5M. There is also the potential to make awards up to any dollar value as long as the value does not exceed the available BAA ceiling amount. ANTICIPATED INDIVIDUAL AWARDS: Multiple Awards are anticipated. However, the Air Force reserves the right to award zero, one, or more Procurement Contracts or Other Transactions, and assistance instruments for all, some, or none of the solicited effort based on the offeror’s ability to perform desired work and funding fluctuations. There is no limit on the number of OTs that may be awarded to an individual offeror. TYPE OF INSTRUMENTS THAT MAY BE AWARDED: FAR based Procurement contracts, CFR based grants and cooperative agreements or other transactions (OT) under 10 USC 4021, 10 USC 4022 (previously 10 USC 4002, 2371, 10 USC 4003, 2371b) depending upon the nature of the work proposed. 10 USC 4023 also allows for FAR based contracts, OTs for research, OTs for Prototype, and assistance instruments. In the event that an Other Transaction for Prototype agreement is awarded as a result of this competitive BAA, and the prototype project is successfully completed, there is the potential for a prototype project to transition to award of a follow-on production contract or transaction. The Other Transaction for Prototype agreement itself will also contain a similar notice of a potential follow-on production contract or agreement. AGENCY CONTACT INFORMATION: All white paper submissions and any questions of a technical nature shall be directed to the cognizant Technical Point of Contact (TPOC) as specified below (unless otherwise specified in the technical area): BAA PROGRAM MANAGER: Esteban Garcia AFRL/RITA 525 Brooks Rd Rome, NY 13441-4505 Telephone: (315)330-2075 Email: esteban.garcia.1@us.af.mil Questions of a contractual/business nature shall be directed to the cognizant contracting officer, as specified below (email requests are preferred): Amber Buckley Email: Amber.Buckley@us.af.mil Emails must reference the solicitation (BAA) number and title of the acquisition. Pre-Proposal Communication between Prospective Offerors and Government Representatives: Dialogue between prospective offerors and Government representatives is encouraged. Technical and contracting questions can be resolved in writing or through open discussions. Discussions with any of the points of contact shall not constitute a commitment by the Government to subsequently fund or award any proposed effort. Only Contracting Officers are legally authorized to commit the Government. Offerors are cautioned that evaluation ratings may be lowered and/or proposal rejected if proposal preparation (Proposal format, content, etc.) and/or submittal instructions are not followed. SEE ATTACHMENT FOR FULL ANNOUNCEMENT DETAILS. Amendment No. 1 to BAA FA8750-25-S-7001 The purpose of this amendment is to: Part II, FULL TEXT ANNOUNCEMENT, adds language regarding Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Act (FASCSA) Orders; Section VI, paragraph 11, updates FINANCIAL RESOURCES requirements language; FULL TEXT ANNOUNCEMENT: Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Act (FASCSA) Orders: As of the date of this solicitation amendment, there are no applicable FASCSA orders. This requirement only applies to FAR based awards. SECTION VI: 11. FINANCIAL RESOURCES: Proposals shall include information to determine adequate financial resources to perform the effort, taking into consideration all existing commercial and governmental business commitments. See DFARS 232.072-2(b) for a list of the types of information used to support financial responsibility. Examples include financial statements (e.g. Balance Sheet, Income Statement, Cash Flow Statement, Compensation); disclosures of previous insolvency; business case/cash flow forecasts; financing arrangements; and/or letters of good standing from accredited financial institutions. Proposals shall also include all significant ratios as outlined in DFARS 232.072-2(b)(10)(i)-(vi). This requirement only applies to FAR based awards. No other changes are made. AMENDMENT 2 TO BAA FA8750-25-S-7001 The purpose of this modification is to update the BAA Program Manager throughout: Part I Overview Information, and Part II, Section VII Agency Contacts are updated as follows: BAA PROGRAM MANAGER: 2d Lt. Jeffrey Benson AFRL/RITA 525 Brooks Rd Rome, NY 13441-4505 Telephone: (315)330-2224 Email: jeffrey.benson.7@us.af.mil No other changes are made. SEE ATTACHMENT FOR FULL AMENDMENT DETAILS. Amendment No. 3 to BAA FA8750-25-S-7001 The purpose of this amendment is to: Part II, Section VI, adds paragraph 12 as follows; 12. 15% INDIRECT COST CAP ON ASSISTANCE AWARDS TO INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION: The policies of the OUSD(R&E) memo, “Implementation of a 15% Indirect Cost Cap on Assistance Awards to Institutions of Higher Education” dated 12 June 2025, will be applicable for the entirety of the award if there is a court decision permitting application of the policies. No other changes are made. AMENDMENT 4 TO BAA FA8750-25-S-7001 The purpose of this modification is to republish the original announcement, incorporating any previous amendments, pursuant to FAR 35.016(c). This republishing also includes the following changes: Part II, Full Text Announcement: Section III.2.b.2, updates the FOCI guidance; Section IV.4.b, updates the provision date; Section V.2.b.2.e; corrects numbering; Section V.4; updates the thresholds; Section VI.1, updates proposal formatting language; Section VI.7, updates the provisions; Section VI, deletes paragraph 12; “15% indirect cost cap on assistance awards to institutions of higher education”; Section VII: updates the OMBUDSMAN. No other changes are made. Amendment No. 5 to BAA FA8750-25-S-7001 The purpose of this amendment is to: Part II, FULL TEXT ANNOUNCEMENT, updates the language regarding Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act (FASCSA) Orders; FULL TEXT ANNOUNCEMENT: Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act (FASCSA) Orders: Depending on the date of issuance of this solicitation, FASCSA order(s) may be applicable. Therefore, the Offeror shall search for the phrase “FASCSA order” in the System for Award Management (SAM) (https://www.sam.gov) for any covered article, or any products or services produced or provided by a source, if there is an applicable Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders prohibition. This requirement only applies to FAR based awards. No other changes are made. AMENDMENT 6 TO BAA FA8750-25-S-7001 The purpose of this modification is to update the BAA PM in Part I and Part VI as follows: BAA PROGRAM MANAGER: Qasim Zafar AFRL/RITA 525 Brooks Rd Rome, NY 13441-4505 Telephone: (315)330-2710 Email: qasim.zafar@us.af.mil No other changes are made. SEE ATTACHMENT FOR FULL AMENDMENT DETAILS.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Qasim Zafar
  - Email: qasim.zafar@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 315-330-2710
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Amber Buckley
  - Email: amber.buckley@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: FULL ANNOUNCEMENT DETAILS. Amendment No. 1 to BAA FA8750-25-S-7001 The purpose of this amendment is to: Part II, FULL TEXT ANNOUNCEMENT, adds language regarding Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Act (FASCSA) Orders; Section VI, paragraph 11, updates FINANCIAL RESOURCES requirements language; FULL TEXT ANNOUNCEMENT: Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Act (FASCSA) Orders: As of the date of this solicitation amendment, there are no applicable FASCSA orders. This requirement only applies to FAR based awards. SECTION VI: 11. FINANCIAL RESOURCES: Proposals shall include information to determine adequate financial resources to perform the effort, taking into consideration all existing commercial and governmental business commitments. See DFARS 232.072-2(b) for a list of the types of information used to support financial responsibility. Examples include financial statements (e.g. Balance Sheet, Income Statement, Cash Flow Statement, Compensation); disclosures of previous insolvency; business case/cash flow forecasts; financing arrangements; and/or letters of good standing from accredited financial institutions. Proposals shall also include all significant ratios as outlined in DFARS 232.072-2(b)(10)(i)-(vi). This requirement only applies to FAR based awards. No other changes are made. AMENDMENT 2 TO BAA FA8750-25-S-7001 The purpose of this modification is to update the BAA Program Manager throughout: Part I Overview Information, and Part II, Section VII Agency Contacts are updated as follows: BAA PROGRAM MANAGER: 2d Lt. Jeffrey Benson AFRL/RITA 525 Brooks Rd Rome, NY 13441-4505 Telephone: (315)330-2224 Email: jeffrey.benson.7@us.af.mil No other changes are made. SEE ATTACHMENT FOR FULL AMENDMENT DETAILS. Amendment No. 3 to BAA FA8750-25-S-7001 The purpose of this amendment is to: Part II, Section VI, adds paragraph 12 as follows; 12. 15% INDIRECT COST CAP ON ASSISTANCE AWARDS TO INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION: The policies of the OUSD(R&E) memo, “Implementation of a 15% Indirect Cost Cap on Assistance Awards to Institutions of Higher Education” dated 12 June 2025, will be applicable for the entirety of the award if there is a court decision permitting application of the policies. No other changes are made. AMENDMENT 4 TO BAA FA8750-25-S-7001 The purpose of this modification is to republish the original announcement, incorporating any previous amendments, pursuant to FAR 35.016(c). This republishing also includes the following changes: Part II, Full Text Announcement: Section III.2.b.2, updates the FOCI guidance; Section IV.4.b, updates the provision date; Section V.2.b.2.e; corrects numbering; Section V.4; updates the thresholds; Section VI.1, updates proposal formatting language; Section VI.7, updates the provisions; Section VI, deletes paragraph 12; “15% indirect cost cap on assistance awards to institutions of higher education”; Section VII: updates the OMBUDSMAN. No other changes are made. Amendment No. 5 to BAA FA8750-25-S-7001 The purpose of this amendment is to: Part II, FULL TEXT ANNOUNCEMENT, updates the language regarding Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act (FASCSA) Orders; FULL TEXT ANNOUNCEMENT: Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act (FASCSA) Orders: Depending on the date of issuance of this solicitation, FASCSA order(s) may be applicable. Therefore, the Offeror shall search for the phrase “FASCSA order” in the System for Award Management (SAM) (https://www.sam.gov) for any covered article, or any products or services produced or provided by a source, if there is an applicable Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders prohibition. This requirement only applies to FAR based awards. No other changes are made. AMENDMENT 6 TO BAA FA8750-25-S-7001 The purpose of this modification is to update the BAA PM in Part I and Part VI as follows: BAA PROGRAM MANAGER: Qasim Zafar AFRL/RITA 525 Brooks Rd Rome, NY 13441-4505 Telephone: (315)330-2710 Email: qasim.zafar@us.af.mil No other changes are made. SEE ATTACHMENT FOR FULL AMENDMENT DETAILS

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/66ef722a26be400b9de90d6fa79a538d/view)