---
layout: default
title: Request for Interested Manufacture/Buy Sources for TH-1H Dynamic Components
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f85cb94942a94b0fb212929548ddacda
---

# Request for Interested Manufacture/Buy Sources for TH-1H Dynamic Components

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 11:41:01.458-04
- Solicitation Number: FD20602600043

## Summary

SUBJECT Market research is being conducted to identify potential sources that possess the capabilities, experience, and proprietary authority to supply the Government (via new manufacture or contractual traceability to the original equipment manufacturer) with these critical safety item (CSI) of the TH-1h dynamic components. Noun NSN Part Number (PN) AMC/AMSC Scissors & Sleeve 1615-01-385-7420 204-011-401-021 3/P Stabilizer Bar 1615-01-493-6225 212-010-300-105 3/P Swashplate Support 1615-01-574-3525 204-011-400-131 3/P 90 Degree Gearbox 1615-01-008-7748 212-040-004-009 3/P Main Input Quill 1615-01-601-1436 205-040-263-115 3/R Tail Rotor Driveshaft Quill 1615-01-008-7743 212-040-365-25 3/P ITEM DESCRIPTIONS The Scissors & Sleeve Assembly (NSN 1615-01-385-7420; PN 204-011-401-021) is a critical dynamic component of the TH-1H helicopter's main rotor system. Manufactured by Bell Helicopter, is mounted together with swashplate and support assembly, around the mast, at the top of the transmission. The control unit thus formed transmits movements from the cyclic and collective controls mounted in the cabin and fuselage to linkages which rotate with main rotor, for tilt according to position of the cyclic control stick. Collective sleeve moves vertically within swashplate support, as actuated by collective control stick. The combined effect on scissors levers and upper linkage determines main rotor tilt and blade pitch. The Stabilizer Bar Assembly (NSN 1615-01-493-6225; PN 212-010-300-105) is a component of the rotating controls in the main rotor system. It is mounted on the main rotor trunnion through its pivoted supports, with its mixing levers connected between the swashplate and collective sleeve scissors and the rotor pitch horns. The inherent inertia and gyroscopic action of the bar is induced into the main rotor system and provides a measure of stability for all flight conditions. The Swashplate and Support Assembly (NSN 1615-01-574-3525; PN 204-011-400-131) is a structural component of the main rotor control system that connects the rotating, mast-mounted, main rotor control linkage to the nonrotating, fuselage-mounted, cyclic and elevator control systems. The swashplate consists of an outer ring rotating on a ball thrust bearing on a nonrotating inner ring, which is mounted to the support through a gimbal ring to allow tilting any direction. The support also has provisions for mounting the collective lever and sleeve. The 90 Degree Gearbox (NSN 1615-01-008-7748; PN 212-040-004-009) is part of the helicopter's tail rotor drive system. It is situated at the top of the vertical fin, and its main purposes is to change the direction of the tail rotor driveshaft by 90 degrees. The gear box consists of mating input and output spiral bevel gears mounted into a common case. The case incorporates a breather type oil filler cap, oil level sight gauge, drain plug and an electrically indicating chip detector. The input gear quill has a flexible coupling for attachment of the drive shaft, and the output shaft provides for mounting of the tail rotor and control linkage. The gear box is lubricated by splash lubrication. This gearbox is also used on several other Bell helicopter models, including the Bell 212, 412, and 412EP. The Main Input Quill (NSN 1615-01-601-1436; PN 205-040-263-115) is a component in the main transmission gearbox. The transmission main input drive quill is located on the aft side of the main case section and is provided with a face-splined coupling for attachment of the main driveshaft. Engine torque is transmitted through the input quill to drive the transmission gear trains. A freewheel clutch in the quill coupling will automatically disengage if engine speed drops below rotor speed. This provides for a free drive system for autorotation. The Tail Rotor Drive Quill (NSN 1615-01-008-7743; PN 212-040-365-25) is an output drive quill in the transmission which is located on the aft side of the transmission sump case and is equipped with a flexible face-splined coupling. The tail rotor driveshaft is connected and driven by this drive quill. IMPEDIMENT TO COMPETITION The Government’s screening analysis (AF Form 761) has assigned these parts as having an Acquisition Method Code (AMC) of “3”, which indicates that the items are to be procured from the actual manufacturer or vendor, including a prime contractor who is the actual manufacturer. AMSC “P” indicates that while the Government possesses the technical data for this item, it does not have the legal rights to use that data for competitive procurement. Furthermore, it has been determined that it is not economical to reverse-engineer the part. This means that the Government's procurement options are restricted, as they cannot provide the technical data package to other potential manufacturers. One item is coded as AMSC “R” (see table above), which signifies that the Government does not own the data or the rights to the data needed to purchase this part from additional sources. It has been determined that it would be uneconomical to purchase the data or the rights to the data, and it is also uneconomical to reverse engineer the part. This code is used when the Government did not initially purchase the data and/or rights. This essentially means that procurement is restricted to the source(s) that currently have the rights and data to manufacture the item. These parts are categorized as being “Commercial/Non-Developmental/Off-the-Shelf” items. The screening also illustrates that the OEM is Bell Textron Inc. (CAGE 97499); therefore, they (and their affiliates and/or divisions) are the only known and authorized manufacturer of these dynamic components. At this time, the Government is unaware of any other source that is authorized to satisfy this USAF buy requirement. Previous screenings and Government market research have also designated these items as being commercial. As a result of these facts, Bell is the only known source with (1) the adequate knowledge of these parts’ performance requirements, (2) the legal proprietary authority to manufacture them, and (3) the possession of the required technical data and capabilities needed to produce these items while ensuring compatibility with the aircraft platform in which they will be installed and operated. INTEREST The DLA/AWB Contracting Office will consider competing this solicitation amongst the open commercial market if identified repair sources respond to this sources sought synopsis. Each candidate will be evaluated based on legal authorization, technical qualifications, price, and delivery schedule. All interested parties may identify themselves, their interest, and their qualifying capabilities by responding to this requirement no later than 6-APR-2026 via email to the following Government representatives: Micah Tapp (micah.tapp.2@us.af.mil) and cc’ing Adam Randall (timothy.randall.4@us.af.mil). If additional sources are not identified, the Government intends to fulfill this requirement using FAR 6.103-1: “Only One Responsible Source and No Other Supplies or Services Will Satisfy Agency Requirements”. This subpart is used when the required supplies are available from only one responsible source, and no other type of supplies or services will meet the agency's needs. DISCLAIMER This sources sought synopsis is for informational purposes only. This is not a request for proposal. It does not constitute a solicitation and shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government. Responses in any form are not offers, and the Government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. No funds are available to pay for preparation of responses to this announcement. Any information submitted by respondents to this technical description is strictly voluntary.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Micah Tapp
  - Email: micah.tapp.2@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: the drive shaft, and the output shaft provides for mounting of the tail rotor and control linkage. The gear box is lubricated by splash lubrication. This gearbox is also used on several other Bell helicopter models, including the Bell 212, 412, and 412EP. The Main Input Quill (NSN 1615-01-601-1436; PN 205-040-263-115) is a component in the main transmission gearbox. The transmission main input drive quill is located on the aft side of the main case section and is provided with a face-splined coupling for attachment of the main driveshaft. Engine torque is transmitted through the input quill to drive the transmission gear trains. A freewheel clutch in the quill coupling will automatically disengage if engine speed drops below rotor speed. This provides for a free drive system for autorotation. The Tail Rotor Drive Quill (NSN 1615-01-008-7743; PN 212-040-365-25) is an output drive quill in the transmission which is located on the aft side of the transmission sump case and is equipped with a flexible face-splined coupling. The tail rotor driveshaft is connected and driven by this drive quill. IMPEDIMENT TO COMPETITION The Government’s screening analysis (AF Form 761) has assigned these parts as having an Acquisition Method Code (AMC) of “3”, which indicates that the items are to be procured from the actual manufacturer or vendor, including a prime contractor who is the actual manufacturer. AMSC “P” indicates that while the Government possesses the technical data for this item, it does not have the legal rights to use that data for competitive procurement. Furthermore, it has been determined that it is not economical to reverse-engineer the part. This means that the Government"s procurement options are restricted, as they cannot provide the technical data package to other potential manufacturers. One item is coded as AMSC “R” (see table above), which signifies that the Government does not own the data or the rights to the data needed to purchase this part from additional sources. It has been determined that it would be uneconomical to purchase the data or the rights to the data, and it is also uneconomical to reverse engineer the part. This code is used when the Government did not initially purchase the data and/or rights. This essentially means that procurement is restricted to the source(s) that currently have the rights and data to manufacture the item. These parts are categorized as being “Commercial/Non-Developmental/Off-the-Shelf” items. The screening also illustrates that the OEM is Bell Textron Inc. (CAGE 97499); therefore, they (and their affiliates and/or divisions) are the only known and authorized manufacturer of these dynamic components. At this time, the Government is unaware of any other source that is authorized to satisfy this USAF buy requirement. Previous screenings and Government market research have also designated these items as being commercial. As a result of these facts, Bell is the only known source with (1) the adequate knowledge of these parts’ performance requirements, (2) the legal proprietary authority to manufacture them, and (3) the possession of the required technical data and capabilities needed to produce these items while ensuring compatibility with the aircraft platform in which they will be installed and operated. INTEREST The DLA/AWB Contracting Office will consider competing this solicitation amongst the open commercial market if identified repair sources respond to this sources sought synopsis. Each candidate will be evaluated based on legal authorization, technical qualifications, price, and delivery schedule. All interested parties may identify themselves, their interest, and their qualifying capabilities by responding to this requirement no later than 6-APR-2026 via email to the following Government representatives: Micah Tapp (micah.tapp.2@us.af.mil) and cc’ing Adam Randall (timothy.randall.4@us.af.mil). If additional sources are not identified, the Government intends to fulfill this requirement using FAR 6.103-1: “Only One Responsible Source and No Other Supplies or Services Will Satisfy Agency Requirements”. This subpart is used when the required supplies are available from only one responsible source, and no other type of supplies or services will meet the agency"s needs. DISCLAIMER This sources sought synopsis is for informational purposes only. This is not a request for proposal. It does not constitute a solicitation and shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government. Responses in any form are not offers, and the Government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. No funds are available to pay for preparation of responses to this announcement. Any information submitted by respondents to this technical description is strictly voluntary

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f85cb94942a94b0fb212929548ddacda/view)