---
layout: default
title: BRAND NAME TIMES MICROWAVE CABLES/CONNECTORS
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 30f46505fda44972b9f131b3f2970e16
---

# BRAND NAME TIMES MICROWAVE CABLES/CONNECTORS

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 11:47:54.13-04
- Solicitation Number: N0016426Q0030

## Summary

BLANKET PURCHASE AGREEMENT- BRAND NAME N00164-26-Q-0030 – BRAND NAME TIMES MICROWAVE CABLES/CONNECTORS – PSC 5995 – NAICS 335929 ISSUE DATE 15 APR 2026 – CLOSING DATE 27 APR 2026 – 4:00 PM Eastern Time Naval Surface Warfare Center (NSWC) Crane has a requirement for Brand Name Times Microwave Inc cables and connectors. Contractors must be properly registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Offerors may obtain information on SAM registration and annual confirmation requirements by calling 866-606-8220 or via the internet at https://sam.gov. This solicitation is being issued pursuant to the procedures at FAR Part 13 as a written . Synopsis exception FAR 5.202(a)(13) applies and Solicitation Number N00164-26-Q-0030 is hereby issued as an attachment hereto. All changes to the requirement that occur prior to the closing date will be posted to Contract Opportunities on https://sam.gov/. It is the responsibility of interested vendors to monitor https://sam.gov/ for any amendments, which may be issued to this solicitation. For changes made after the closing date, only those offerors that provide a quote will be provided any changes/amendments and considered for future discussions and/or award. Offers shall be e-mailed to trista.m.ray.civ@us.navy.mil. All required information must be received on or before 27 APR 2026 – 4:00 PM EASTERN TIME. BPA INSTRUCTIONS Blanket Purchase Agreement Administration & Ordering Instructions 1. AUTHORITY. This BPA is entered into under the authority of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part

13.303 Blanket Purchase Agreements. 2. DESCRIPTION OF AGREEMENT. The Contractor shall provide the following: Acquisition of various connectors and cables as requirements become known. This BPA is not a contract. The actual contract is formed once a call (order) is issued under this BPA. The selected vendors shall perform duties as outlined in this contract. Work is to be performed under the general direction of the authorized Contracting Officer or BPA Administrator. Only the Contracting Officer, BPA Administrator, or an authorized Purchasing Agent of NSWC Crane will submit an order to the Contractor. Either party may modify, upon mutual agreement, or cancel this BPA Agreement in part or its entirety by submitting a written notice to the other party. The Government reserves the right to cancel this BPA Agreement at any time if the parties fail to agree upon any deletion, amendment, or addition of a statute or Executive Order that the FAR and / or FAR Supplements require. No deletion, modification, addition to or cancellation of this BPA Agreement shall affect any contracts therefore entered into between the parties in which this Agreement or portion thereof has been incorporated by reference. This Agreement shall be reviewed, at a minimum, annually and revised to conform to all requirements of statutes, Executive Orders, or the FAR and FAR Supplements. An agreement modifying this BPA or the issuance of a superseding BPA shall reference this BPA. 3. CMMC REQUIREMENT. The Contractor shall be registered for the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) at a Level 1(Self-Assessment) in order to be awarded under this BPA and any resulting call orders. 4. EXTENT OF OBLIGATION. The Government is obligated only to the extent of authorized calls (verbal, electronic, or written) actually made under this BPA and the contractor delivers with receipt and acceptance by the Government. The Government shall not be liable in the event that no calls are made. 5. PRICING. The Contractor hereby warrants the prices offered to the Government to be as low as, or lower than, those charged to its most preferred customers for comparable services under similar terms and conditions, in addition to any discounts for prompt payment. Pricing will be for the delivery of supplies above as requested by a call or contracting officer. The contractor shall include the maximum possible discounts on all items ordered under this BPA. This BPA is being issued on a firm fixed price basis only. This solicitation does NOT require pricing to be submitted. Pricing for the list of products will be solicited via RFQ once the BPA has been issued. Interested vendors are NOT to provide pricing. All pricing will be quoted as FOB Destination. 6. PURCHASE LIMITATIONS. BPA Call Limit: $350,000.00 BPA Ceiling Dollar Limit over 5-year Period of Performance: $3,000,000.00 This ceiling is inclusive all of all calls issued over 5 years. 7. NOTICE OF INDIVIDUALS AUTHORIZED TO PLACE CALLS: The following individuals are authorized to place calls against this BPA Agreement: Any Purchasing Agents/Contracting Specialists NSWC Crane (N00164) Limited to $350,000 per call All Contracting Officers NSWC Crane (N00164) Limited to $350,000 per call CALLS ARE LIMITED TO $ 350,000.00 WITH THE EXCEPTION OF CONTINGENCY 8. CALLS. The contractor will receive calls (orders) by electronic email. Contractor personnel receiving calls shall verify that such person making a call is authorized to do so IAW this BPA. Each call shall generate an order that will be signed by the Contracting Officer authorized. At a minimum, the call shall contain the following information: a. Name of Contractor: b. The BPA number: Listed in Block 2 of the SF 1449 c. Date of Call: d. Individually priced items and quantities: e. Required delivery date(s) f. Invoice and Accounting data g. Name of person making the call, phone number, and address: h. Signature of Contracting Officer: 9. INSPECTION/ACCEPTANCE: Inspection and Acceptance will be at Destination (NSWC Crane) unless otherwise stated in the call. 10. CONTRACTOR NOTICE REGARDING LATE DELIVERY: The delivery schedule solicited and quoted is binding and shall be adhered to. In the event the contractor anticipates delay in delivery, the contractor shall immediately notify the Contracting Officer or BPA Administrator, giving full detailed rationale for the delay. Receipt of contractor's notice does not constitute acceptance of an alternate deliver date or waiver of the U. S. Government's rights under this contract. 11. MODIFICATIONS: Any changes, additions or deletions to this BPA shall be made by written modification by a warranted contracting officer at NSWC Crane. 12. REQUEST FOR QUOTES: Offerors shall submit firm fixed price quotes for each separate order. When quotes for calls against the BPA are received, the government will review technical acceptability, prices proposed, delivery schedule, past performance, and current multiple award overload to determine which offer(s) is/are most advantageous to the government. In response to each request for quote, offerors shall provide the information below for all items listed. Quote Number Quote Expiration Date Unit Prices (Firm-Fixed Price w/Maximum Discounts) Delivery Schedule FOB (Destination Required) Payment Terms: No sooner than NET 30 Required Delivery Dates in Request for Quotes: Contractors shall pay special attention to the delivery dates required by the Request for Quotes. If the dates required cannot be met, the contractor may propose an alternate delivery schedule to be considered by the Government in its award decision in the event that no contractor can meet the date at a reasonable price. The contractor is required to meet the delivery date stated in the call unless there is a Government caused delay. Contractors are cautioned in regards to agreeing to the required date if they will be unable to deliver on schedule. Past performance will be used with emphasis on delivery and quality for awards against this BPA. BPAs will be reviewed at a minimum on an annual basis to determine the need for the addition or deletion of vendors in order to ensure adequate competition and quality product delivery. The Government may add vendors based on market research, formal request for sources or other means as deemed appropriate by the Contracting Officer. The Contracting Officers will award BPAs to sources whose past performance has shown them to be dependable and who offer good quality supplies at consistently competitive prices. The Government will remove BPA holders based on past performance in the areas of adherence to required delivery schedules and ability to provide quality supplies at consistently competitive prices. Vendors may be removed based on multiple instances of delivering poor quality products, consistently late deliveries and having prices significantly higher than other offerors on a consistent basis. In addition offerors proposing on less than 25% of the competitions for which they are eligible may be removed from the BPA to reduce the administrative costs to the Government of maintaining and reviewing the BPAs on an annual basis. It is the intent of the Government to meet the competitive requirements for requirements up to the Simplified Acquisition Threshold by either rotating the business among qualified suppliers or competing requirements among the BPA holders for those requirements over the micro-purchase threshold. For each requirement exceeding the micro-purchase threshold the Government will solicit quotes from the applicable BPA holders and evaluate for award based on past performance and price. The Government reserves the right to conduct a trade-off analysis and award to the higher priced responsible Offeror with a better record of past performance if it is in the best interest of the Government to do so. The Government may award to the responsible Offeror based on a low-price technically acceptable evaluation if it is in the best interest of the Government to do so. Each individual request for quote for a call will outline the method for evaluation of quotes.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Trista Ray
  - Email: trista.m.ray.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Daniele Wessel
  - Email: daniele.m.wessel.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 8123813498

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . All changes to the requirement that occur prior to the closing date will be posted to Contract Opportunities on https://sam.gov/. It is the responsibility of interested vendors to monitor https://sam.gov/ for any amendments, which may be issued to this solicitation. For changes made after the closing date, only those offerors that provide a quote will be provided any changes/amendments and considered for future discussions and/or award. Offers shall be e-mailed to trista.m.ray.civ@us.navy.mil. All required information must be received on or before 27 APR 2026 – 4:00 PM EASTERN TIME. BPA INSTRUCTIONS Blanket Purchase Agreement Administration & Ordering Instructions 1. AUTHORITY. This BPA is entered into under the authority of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/30f46505fda44972b9f131b3f2970e16/view)