---
layout: default
title: Senior Law Enforcement Advisor
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 673614af58f14ce8ab3ad130310047c7
---

# Senior Law Enforcement Advisor

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 14:49:55.176-04
- Solicitation Number: PSC-26-025-INL

## Summary

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUREAU OF INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AFFAIRS (INL) You have received this "Personal Services Contractor” (PSC) solicitation through the Department of State (DOS) Internet site. If you have any questions regarding this PSC, you may contact the DOS Official named in this solicitation. The Department is not responsible for any data and/or text not received when retrieving this document electronically. Amendments to solicitation documents generally contain information critical to the submission of an application. Position Title: Senior Law Enforcement Advisor Location: Kyiv, Ukraine Salary Level: FS-02 - $102,409-$150,391 (Equivalent GS-14) Period of performance: The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. Issuance Date: April 10, 2026 Closing Date: April 24, 2026 Closing Time: 3:00 PM ET Solicitation Number: PSC-26-025-INL Job description: See below Dear Prospective Offerors: The Department of State is seeking offers from qualified U.S. citizens to provide personal services for the subject position under a personal services contract, as described in this solicitation. Submittals must be in accordance with the attached information at the place and time specified. Applicants interested in applying for this position MUST submit the following materials: 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Complete resume. In order to fully evaluate your offer your resume must include: a. Paid a non-paid experience, job title, location(s), dates held (month/year), and hours worked per week for each position. Dates (month/year) and locations for any overseas experience must also be detailed. Any experience that does not include dates (month/year), locations, and hours per week will not be counted towards meeting the solicitation requirements. b. Specific duties performed that fully detail the level and complexity of the work. c. Names and contact information (phone and email) of your current and/or previous supervisor(s). d. Education and any other qualifications including job-related training courses, job-related skills, or job-related honors, awards or accomplishments. e. U.S. Citizenship Note: Resume must contain explicit information to make a valid determination that the candidate meets the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information needs to be clearly identified in the resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. 3. Evaluation Factor document specifically addressing: Each of the Evaluation Factors shown in the solicitation below. Responses must be limited to 500 words per Evaluation Factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Note: The Evaluation Factors are worth 70 out of 100 points. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have receive that are relevant to each Factor. 4. Professional References: Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Additional documents submitted will not be accepted. Incomplete or late offers will not be considered. Complete applications must be emailed to: U.S. Department of State, ATT: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team, INLPSCTeam@state.gov Sincerely, Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer, U.S. Department of State GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. This Personal Services Contract (PSC) Senior Law Enforcement Advisor (SLEA) position is located within the US Department of State’s (DOS), Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) section of the US Embassy in Kyiv, Ukraine. The Advisor shall: (1) Assess immediate Ukrainian law enforcement equipment and training needs and survey the landscape of Government of Ukraine (GOU) and international donor efforts to reform law enforcement; (2) Assist the INL team with developing, implementing, monitoring, and evaluating ongoing and new law enforcement assistance initiatives; (3) Provide the Ministry of Internal Affairs (MOIA) with guidance on standard operating procedures, staffing standards, management skills and development of special units; and (4) Assist the MOIA in enhancing the effectiveness of patrol police and territorial police forces. The Advisor will provide advice and support to the Law Enforcement Program Officer and INL Section in Embassy Kyiv. The Advisor will work closely with officials at the Ukrainian MOIA and will be expected to develop meaningful relationships with counterparts in the GOU. The Advisor will serve as an in-country law enforcement assistance program coordinator and will provide program implementation, direction, and execution oversight of the INL law enforcement assistance program. The Advisor will manage projects including law enforcement training development, Ukrainian police in-service training and equipment assessments, implementation of required training by appropriate subject-matter experts and practitioners, and technical advice on procurement of appropriate equipment. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Kyiv-based INL Law Enforcement Program Officer or his/her designee, the SLEA will perform the following duties: 1. Review the host country’s law enforcement needs; manage, prioritize, and evaluate USG-sponsored law enforcement support projects under the guidance and direction of the INL Law Enforcement Program Officer and INL/EA in Washington; while informing all stakeholders of the details of such implementation, including progress and problem areas. 2. Coordinate with other components of the host country’s criminal justice system to ensure system-wide integration and functionality. 3. Survey the landscape of Government of Ukraine (GOU) and international donor efforts to support law enforcement efforts, collect information on donor contributions, and identify opportunities for coordination and burden sharing. 4. Provide strategic planning and development in all phases of the law enforcement program. This includes project execution from the study and assessment period to development through acquisition and implementation; planning, scheduling, budgeting, monitoring, and coordinating among vendors, contractors, and GOU officials; and conflict resolution. 5. Draft reports and assessments, provide input to strategy and other briefing papers, and provide oral and written briefs to the INL Law Enforcement Program Officer the INL Program Manager in DC, and leadership at the Embassy and in Washington. 6. Liaise with US Embassy agency representatives involved in law enforcement, including but not limited to, the Department of Justice (DOJ), the Export Control and Related Border Security (EXBS) Program, the Assistance Coordination Unit (ACOORD), the Department of War (DOW) and others. 7. Advise and assist in preparing documentation for procurement of systems and equipment, including drafting of electronic Purchase Request (PRs), statements of work (SOWs), requests for source-origin waivers, sole-source justifications, and delivery and acceptance of systems, supplies and equipment procured. 8. Draft and provide advice and assistance in the preparation of required reports, including to the U.S. Congress, INL, and Principals at the State Department and other US federal agencies. 9. Attend and report on general law enforcement meetings, national and international conferences and seminars, and meetings with Ukrainian government officials. 10. Provide advice and assistance in end-use monitoring of US government-supplied commodities and draft annual end-use monitoring reports. 11. Provide advice and assistance in the formulation of the Mission Performance Plan and other strategy and planning exercises undertaken by Embassy Ukraine, EUR Bureau and INL Bureau. 12. Participate in visits by senior officials and serve as an escort or site officer. Arrange itineraries and logistical support for official visitors. 13. Brief DOS, Congressional, Embassy staff, and other visiting officials on the INL’s role and the status of U.S.-Ukraine law enforcement projects and related initiatives. 14. When required, performs the role of Duty Officer. 15. Performs other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAINING & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Completes the Contracting Officer Representative (PA296) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within 120 days of arriving at Post. 2. Completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through NFATC within the first six (6) months of arriving at Post. 3. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) prior to deployment to Post. 4. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 5. Completes the Managing INL Projects course within six (6) months of assignment. 6. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the US Embassy, Kyiv, Ukraine. The Advisor’s work occurs primarily in the Embassy and in wider Kyiv, though will also take place in other locations around Ukraine, with visits to GOU facilities for police and other law enforcement training and operations activities. The Advisor must be able to work independently in remote areas for short periods when conducting field visits or program oversight. RELATIONSHIPS The Advisor will work under the direct supervision of the INL Law Enforcement Program Officer. The Advisor will initiate law enforcement projects and execute approved programs under general supervision. The Law Enforcement Program Officer will review the timeliness and effectiveness of the Advisor’s work. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the Law Enforcement Program Officer or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government's requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The Law Enforcement Program Officer will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY The Advisor must be able to review host country law enforcement needs; develop and manage law enforcement programs in coordination with host-country officials; draw upon experience to suggest, design, advise and implement projects; ensure sustainability of projects through provision of appropriate training and maintenance; and have the ability to integrate the competing needs of U.S. law enforcement, development, and security agencies, and GOU entities involved in law enforcement. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS The PSC performs broad and extensive assignments related to a complex administrative/financial program spanning the full range of citizen safety, law enforcement, rule of law, and counternarcotics programs in Ukraine, which is of significant interest to the public and to Congress. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution and a minimum of eight (8) years of experience in the law enforcement field; OR, a. A Master’s degree from an accredited institution in project management, public administration, law enforcement, international relations, or related field and a minimum of five (5) years of experience in the law enforcement field. 3. A minimum of eight (8) years of experience in program management, including budget preparation, the procurement of goods and services, and implementation and oversight of projects, preferably involving law enforcement and training initiatives. 4. A minimum of two (2) years of experience in procurement and acquisition procedures in a government setting, Federal, State, County, or City. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 2 Law Enforcement/Training Experience (25 points) Demonstrated experience and expertise in rule of law, law enforcement, or related training programs. Ability to understand and explain complex criminal justice and training issues, including law enforcement operations, justice sector challenges, financial crimes, procurement, training development and delivery, and logistics support. Demonstrated law enforcement experience at the State or Local level. Factor 1 Program Management and Administration (20 points) Demonstrated experience managing international programs that involve multiple agencies and foreign governments. Skilled in program management, including procurement, budgeting, planning, execution, and monitoring and evaluation. Demonstrated experience working overseas and maintaining positive working relationships, especially with foreign officials. Factor 3 Liaison and Communication (15 points) Demonstrated experience building and maintaining relationships with host nation officials, U.S. government agencies, international organizations, and non-governmental organizations. Demonstrated ability to communicate complex issues in a timely and concise manner, both verbally and in writing. Factor 4 International Experience (10 points) Demonstrated experience managing programs in foreign environments; to include ability to live, work, and travel in difficult conditions with limited support, manage programs in a complex and fluid environment, and show good judgment in challenging security situations. Previous experience working in countries undergoing security crises, and/or in Eastern Europe or Eurasia. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in your not receiving credit for all pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 25 Factor #2 – 20 Factor #3 – 15 Factor #4 – 10 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant's writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee's FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker's Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: INL PSC Team
  - Email: INLPSCTeam@state.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/673614af58f14ce8ab3ad130310047c7/view)