---
layout: default
title: Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance (SETA) Support for Public Safety Communications (PSC)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 57edeb9d5ad240878f991d8f115324cb
---

# Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance (SETA) Support for Public Safety Communications (PSC)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 11:34:46.527-04
- Solicitation Number: W15P7T-26-R-SETA

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Request for Information (RFI) Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance (SETA) Support for Public Safety Communications (PSC) This is a Request for Information (RFI) only. It is requested that all interested parties note their interest and provide indication of their respective capabilities to perform the efforts described in this RFI. This RFI is for planning purposes only and shall not be considered an Invitation for Bid, Request for Task Execution Plan (TEP), Request for Quotation (RFQ), Request for Proposal (RFP) or the authority to enter into negotiations to award a contract. There is no obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any products or services described in this RFI. Your response to this RFI will be treated only as information for the Government to consider. No funds are authorized, appropriated or received for this effort. The information provided may be used by the Army in developing its acquisition strategy. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. Your response must address capabilities specific to this RFI. Interested parties are required to demonstrate capabilities in ALL areas listed in Section 3 below. Please note that partial capabilities will not meet the Government’s need. Any submission that does not address each area in full detail will not be considered. 1. Background PD BECS is responsible for delivering a unified, integrated acquisition program that supports emergency management and critical communications across Army installations. PD BECS oversees the design, procurement, fielding, new equipment, training, and life-cycle management of capabilities that enable installation public safety organizations, including first responders, force protection elements, and other installation management functions, to execute their missions effectively. To meet these needs, PD BECS provides a portfolio of enterprise emergency communication capabilities supporting Army Public Safety Answering Point (PSAP) operations and First Responder communications, including Call Handling Equipment (CHE), Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD), Enterprise Mass Warning and Notification (EMWN), Land Mobile Radio (LMR), Next Generation 911 (NG-911) infrastructure (i.e., Location Information Services and Emergency Services IP Networks), and the First Responder Broadband Network - LTE-5G (FRBN) interoperability. These capabilities ensure installations have reliable, interoperable, and modern public safety communications infrastructure to support emergency response, incident management, and day-to-day public safety operations. 2. Requirement Army Contracting Command – Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC?APG), on behalf of PD BECS, is seeking information from qualified sources capable of providing systems engineering and technical assistance (SETA) services in support of the Army’s Public Safety Communications (PSC) Ecosystem. The Government is specifically interested in capabilities related to updating established PD BECS enterprise and architecture frameworks for integration, modernization, standardization, and enhancement of the Army’s PSC emergency communications architecture to ensure alignment with the Common Transport Layer and Services infrastructure within the Army Global Unified Network. This effort is focused on the architecture and underlying technical framework of the PSC environment and excludes any activities associated with procurement, installation, or fielding of modernized PSC systems. The services are inherently technical and center on advancing the PSC Ecosystem architecture to ensure that all components, such as NG-911 infrastructure (e.g., telecommunications, Location Information Services (LIS) and Geospatial Information Systems (GIS)), LMR, EMWN, FRBN, and PSAP systems (e.g.., CAD and CHS), are fully integrated, interoperable, and compliant with applicable Army and Department of War (DoW) standards, as well as National Emergency Number Association (NENA) i3 and American National Standards Institute (ANSI) standards. The scope includes providing PSC Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to support PD BECS in designing new or enhanced critical communication capabilities that address validated end-user requirements and maintaining operational capability across installations worldwide. Consistency between DoW / Army Enterprise and PD BECS architectures is required as program capability evolves within the enterprise. This includes addressing integrated functionality and timely, accurate data exchange to conduct core mission operations. 3. Requested Information Interested sources are requested to respond to the following questions. Please provide sufficient detail to allow for a thorough evaluation of your company’s capabilities. Section A: Performance Standards 1. Provide confirmation of corporate membership with both National Emergency Number Association (NENA) and the Association of Public-Safety Communications Officials (APCO). 2. Provide a list of NENA and APCO standards working groups in which you actively participate. 3. Provide description of how participation in these working groups aligns with PD BECS mission needs and requirements. Section B: Engineering and Integration Support Describe your company’s capability to provide engineering expertise to oversee the integration and optimization of the existing PSC systems (e.g., NG?911, CHE, CAD, LMR, FRBN / FirstNet, EMWN) and ensure compliance with the Army's strategic vision for communications. This includes developing a technical roadmap for architecture modernization, addressing performance, security, and scalability requirements. This includes assessing the current architecture, identifying gaps, and recommending enhancements to meet current and future Army requirements. Describe your company’s capability to provide engineering expertise to support the implementation of NG-911 infrastructure, which includes GIS and LIS requirements, ensuring all data is integrated accurately for efficient 911 call routing and handling. Section C: Cybersecurity Management Describe your company’s experience and capability in supporting the DoW Risk Management Framework process. Responses should address the company’s ability to oversee cybersecurity activities required to achieve and maintain RMF compliance for PSC systems. Such activities include, but not limited to, Plans of Action and Milestones (POA&Ms) and review of vulnerability scans and cybersecurity assessments. Section D: PSC Test and Validation Describe your company’s capability to provide independent test and validation support to assess interoperability between PD BECS capabilities and other public safety applications (e.g., Voice Modernization). Responses should address your ability to conduct interoperability testing, support system integration activities, and perform staging or proof-of concept demonstrations in a controlled test environment. 4. Please include the following with your response Company Name & Address. Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) Number & CAGE Code. Point of Contact (Name, Title, Email, Phone). Does your company intend to submit a proposal for this effort? Please indicate Yes or No a. If yes: Business Size: indicate whether your company is a small business or a large business. If a small business: Indicate if your company would be capable and intends for at least 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance to be performed by your company and/or similarly situated subcontractors, in accordance with FAR 52.219-14 (DEVIATION 2019-O0003). b. If yes: Can your company submit a proposal within 21 days of the solicitation’s release? c. If no: Indicate the number of days your company would require to submit a complete proposal. 5. Submission Instructions Responses to this request are due no later than 31 March 2026 at 4:00 PM Daylight Savings Time (DST) to Contract Specialists Rosa Acevedo at rosa.m.acevedomedina.civ@army.mil, Mark Grimsley at mark.c.grimsley.civ@army.mil and Contracting Officer: Katia Lacoste at katia.lacoste.civ@army.mil. Submissions should be in Microsoft Word or Adobe PDF format, no more than 5 pages. The subject line of the email should read: "Response to RFI BECS SETA PSC Support".

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Rosa Acevedo
  - Email: rosa.m.acevedomedina.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5206712520
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Katia Lacoste
  - Email: katia.lacoste.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/57edeb9d5ad240878f991d8f115324cb/view)