---
layout: default
title: APX-119 Digital Control Panel (DCP) FOR F-5 AIRCRAFT
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f372ac9bc2194d9194b68aab41a751cb
---

# APX-119 Digital Control Panel (DCP) FOR F-5 AIRCRAFT

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-14 12:03:25.588-04
- Solicitation Number: N00421DCP-PHASE2

## Summary

Requirement The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR), PMA-226 Adversary and Specialized Aircraft, Adversary F-5 Integrated Product Team (IPT), has a requirement to issue a modification to increase the scope of work on contract N00421-25-C-0053, a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) sole source contract awarded to Raytheon Technologies Corporation (RTX) with an existing period of performance of twelve (12) months. Contract N00421-25-C-0053 was awarded as Phase one (1) of the total requirement to update the APX-119 Digital Control Panel (DCP, P/N 4087561) software on F-5 aircraft to improve pilot safety. The APX-119 DCP is used on United States Navy (USN) and United States Marine Corps (USMC) F-5N/F aircraft to control transponder settings. The F-5 is typically flown by a single pilot and mission requirements often require frequent manipulation of transponder settings. The current DCP configuration was designed for a multi-crewed aircraft, with less frequent manipulation requirements by aircrew with greater bandwidth available to manipulate settings. As such, the DCP requires a software revision, which will include design, test, and qualification with the objective of reducing heads-down time during flight. The planned Firm Fixed Price (FFP) sole source contract modification to contract N00421-25-C-0053 Phase two (2) requirement will add the acquisition of four (4) software loader kits, Part Number (P/N) E6715255-0505, and extend the period of performance of the contract to Fiscal Year (FY) 2027. Due to the proprietary nature of the APX-119 DCP design and limited data rights, NAVAIR anticipates these requirements can only be met by the Original Equipment Manufacturer, RTX. This announcement will be used to determine if other sources are capable of satisfying the agency’s requirements or if, according to Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 6.103-1, only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. Size Status The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 334511, size standard 1,350 Employees. The Product Service Code (PSC) is 1680, Miscellaneous Aircraft Accessories and Components. Companies must identify their size status, the results of which will be utilized as guidance to determine any potential set-aside basis. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT ONLY. This Sources Sought does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. Furthermore, this Sources Sought does not seek to solicit proposals and NAVAIR will not accept, review, or reply to any formal or informal unsolicited proposals regarding this future requirement. Interested parties shall be advised that any resources or costs attributed to the response of this Sources Sought will not be reimbursed by the United States Government (USG) and that these costs relating to any Sources Sought responses will be the sole responsibility of the interested Party. Not responding to this Sources Sought does not preclude participation in any future RFP, if any is issued. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on http://www.SAM.gov. It is the responsibility of the potential Offerors to monitor this site for additional information pertaining to this foreseen, future requirement. Statement of Interest and Capabilities Package Capability statements in response to this Sources Sought must be electronically submitted in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF) via email to Mrs. Kristin Nelson at kristin.a.nelson13.civ@us.navy.mil and Mrs. Catrina Farrell at catrina.m.farrell.civ@us.navy.mil. The deadline for capability statement submission is 18 May 2026 at 11:00 AM EDT. It is requested that interested, capable, and qualified vendors submit a capability statement (no more than 10 pages in length, single spaced, and 12-point font minimum). Proprietary information, if any, should be minimized and should be clearly marked. To aid the Government, please segregate proprietary information. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned. The statement must address, at a minimum, the stated requirements as described above, and: 1. The information in the “Requirement” section is for respondents to use in the development of their capabilities statement package. Due to the significant amount of proprietary data associated with the requirements, respondents shall address how their capabilities or specific approach to meet the requirements will overcome the Government’s rights to use limitations in providing a revision to the DCP software. If your company has any questions about the information in the “Requirement” section, or areas that may need further definition, please identify those in the response. 2. ?Provide a brief company introduction and details on the company/organization, to include; Company Name, mailing address, and Points of Contact (POC) including name, telephone number, fax number, and email address; 3. Briefly identify your company’s experience in performing work of similar size and scope. 4. Respondents to this notice must also indicate whether they are a large business or qualify as a Small Business concern, Veteran-owned Small Business Economically Disadvantaged Woman Owned Small Business (EDWOSB), Women-Owned Small Business (WOSB), 8(a), Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) small business concerns or Service- Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concern. 5. Company Business Size, CAGE code, DUNS Number, Office location(s), annual revenue history, include number of employees, statement indicating business size and, if company is small, small disadvantaged business (SDB), Woman-Owned Small Business (WOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), HUBZone Small Business (HUBZone), or 8 (a) business; 6. All data received in response to this sources sought, marked or designated as corporate or proprietary, will be protected from release outside the Government. Information and materials submitted in response to this request will not be returned. Classified material shall not be submitted. 7. If your company intends to team with a qualified subcontractor, please provide an explanation of your company’s ability to perform at least 50% of the cost of the contract performance. Please note that under a Small-Business Set-Aside, in accordance with FAR 52.219-14 Class Deviation 2020-O0008 Revision 2, the Offeror/Contractor agrees in performance of the Delivery Order in the case of a contract for Services (except construction), it will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. 8. What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensures capability to perform the tasks? 9. Provide a top-level schedule outlining specific events/milestones and durations necessary for development/modification, test, integration, and delivery of hardware to include, but not limited to, follow-on production phase delivery. 10. Detail any assumptions, such as necessary Government Furnished Material, required to support the presented technical solution/approach. This announcement is not a contract, request for proposal, a promise to contract, or a commitment of any kind on the part of the Government. Respondent costs in response to this synopsis are not an allowable direct charge to the Government; therefore, NAVAIR will not assume liability for any costs incurred for preparation of responses to this synopsis. All information released in this announcement is considered a DRAFT and for informational purposes only.? Summary THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT ONLY to identify sources that are currently capable or interested in providing a solution for the APX-119 DCP requirement. The information contained within this Sources Sought is subject to change and is not binding on the Government. At this time, the USG has not made a commitment to procure any goods and/or services; therefore, this Sources Sought shall not be misconstrued as a Government commitment or authorization for the USG to incur costs or distribute imbursements. All submissions become Government property and will not be returned. DISCLAIMER. This sources sought announcement is published for informational purposes only and utilized as a Market Research tool. This is not a solicitation. It does not constitute a solicitation and shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government. Responses in any form are not offers and the Government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. No funds are available to pay for preparation of responses to this announcement. Any information submitted by respondents to this notice is strictly voluntary. Firms responding to this announcement will not be individually notified if the requirement is solicited. Solicitations will occur through the Contract Opportunities section of SAM.gov. The Government will use the responses to this announcement to make an informed decision concerning the strategy it will pursue to meet its objective, including determining set-aside opportunities.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kristin Nelson
  - Email: kristin.a.nelson13.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: CATRINA FARRELL
  - Email: catrina.m.farrell.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f372ac9bc2194d9194b68aab41a751cb/view)