---
layout: default
title: 6515--BLADDER SCANNER W/PRINTER
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 617e7bb47dd44582b1404f2a8f74fe88
---

# 6515--BLADDER SCANNER W/PRINTER

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-10 16:05:25.251-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0553
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) SOURCES SOUGHT IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR MARKET RESEARCH AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION 1. Responses to this Sources Sought must be in writing. The purpose of this Sources Sought Announcement is for market research only to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of Small Businesses, including Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses and Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB/VOSB), who are interested in submitting proposals for this procurement and who are capable of performing the work required for this procurement. 2. The NAICS for this requirement is 339112 Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing 3. The Contractor shall supply, install, configure, and validate a bladder scanner w/printer product and provide on-going technical support and maintenance services for that installed software product for the Tucson VA Medical Center located in Tucson, Arizona. The required services (installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance for bladder scanner w/printer) shall be provided by the contractor along with all resources necessary to accomplish the deliverables. 4. Interested and capable Contractors are encouraged to respond to this notice not later than Friday, April 17, 2026 at 03:00 PM PST, by providing the following information via email only to Hanan.Mccullick@va.gov. (a) Company name (b) Address (c) Point of contact (d) Phone, fax, and email of primary point of contact (e) Contractor s Unique Entity ID (SAM) number (f) Type of small business, if applicable, (e.g. Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), 8(a), HUB-Zone, Woman Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, or Small Business). (g) Statement indicating whether your company is considered small under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI. (h) Statement indicating the product name of the bladder scanner w/printer product referenced above that you intend to provide for this procurement. (i) Statement indicating whether you are the manufacturer of the bladder scanner w/printer product that you intend to provide for this procurement. If you intend to provide a bladder scanner w/printer product manufactured by a company other than your own, state the name of the company whose bladder scanner w/printer product you intend to provide, the country of origin for the bladder scanner w/printer product you intend to provide, and whether the company that manufactures that product is a small business under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI. (j) Statement indicating if you have a current contract to provide the bladder scanner w/printer product that you intend to provide for this procurement, along with the installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance services required by this procurement, under either the General Services Administration s Federal Supply Schedule or with NAC, NASA SEWP, or any other federal contract. If yes, provide the contract type and contract number, as well as the identity of the federal agency with whom you hold that contract. (k) Statement indicating how many calendar days you estimate it would take you to install, configure, and validate the bladder scanner w/printer product that you intend to provide for this procurement in a medical center similar to the Southern Arizona VA Medical Center. (l) General pricing for your products/solutions for market research purposes. (m) A capability statement that provides detailed information for one or more reference contracts that demonstrate your experience providing bladder scanner w/printer that meets the requirements described in the attached DRAFT Statement of Work and demonstrates your experience providing the installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance services required by this procurement. GENERAL STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITY ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract the respondent identifies as evidence of the respondent s capability to perform the work required by this procurement. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract: (1) the legal name of entity with whom the respondent held the contract; (2) the contract number; (3) a description providing details of the specific tasks the respondent performed under that contract; (4) the dates during which the respondent performed the contract; (5) the name, phone number, and email address of a person at the entity with whom the respondent held the contract who can verify the information the respondent provides regarding this reference contract. If a respondent offers to demonstrate experience through the proposed use of subcontractors, the respondent must identify the legal name of each subcontractor and provide all of the information required above for one or more reference contracts performed by each subcontractor the respondent intends to use. NOTE: The information requested above is required for the Government to evaluate whether there are sufficient small business concerns of a particular type who are capable of performing the work required by this procurement to determine if this procurement should be set aside for a given type of small business concern. FAILURE TO SUBMIT ALL OF THE INFORMATION REQUESTED ABOVE MAY BE VIEWED BY THE GOVERNMENT AS EVIDENCE THAT THE RESPONDENT LACKS THE ABILITY TO PROVIDE THE BLADDER SCANNER W/ PRINTER AND SERVICES REQUIRED BY THIS PROCUREMENT. THIS, IN TURN, MAY AFFECT THE GOVERNMENT S DETERMINATION ABOUT WHETHER THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A SET-ASIDE PROCUREMENT HAVE BEEN MET. 5. All Offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database found at https://www.sam.gov. Registration must include Representations and Certifications. --End of Sources Sought Announcement-- DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES: SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS: Must allow real-time scans for improved accuracy Must use ultrasonic technology for measuring bladder scanner Must be designed for non-invasive bladder volume assessment Must have high storage capacity built-in to track scans done throughout the day/week. (Up to 700 scans) Must have voice recording capability Must have built-in printer for immediate documentation to be printed and users to be able to add in patients charts manually, which does not need access to VA network. Bladder scanners must have protected probes for when scans are completed, and equipment can be cleaned immediately after. Biomed must assist with calibration of bladder scanners or when an HTM work order is submitted. Bladder scanner to be cleaned while off and unplugged and remove excessive get using a paper towel. Must allow for the following proper cleaning and maintenance protocols: Wipe down probe, cable, and main unit with approved detergent wipes or a cloth with isopropyl alcohol. Allow surfaces to remain wet for the recommended time and dry for at least 20 seconds before next use.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Hanan McCullick
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Hanan.Mccullick@va.gov
  - Phone: 562-766-2234

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/617e7bb47dd44582b1404f2a8f74fe88/view)