---
layout: default
title: PUMP,CENTRIFUGAL
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: d9c971ea677e42f180749e3b586cf1c3
---

# PUMP,CENTRIFUGAL

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 06:47:28.745-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QJB08

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N7M1.15|HFC|771-229-0523|Kailyn.m.muro.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|COMBO INVOICE & RECEIVING||TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|See schedule|TBD|See schedule||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| NOTICE OF CYBERSECURITY MATURITY MODEL CERTIFICATION LEVEL REQUIREMENTS (NOV 2025))|1|| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS -- COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION (NOV 2021)|2||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| CASREP ACCELERATED DELIVERY IS ENCOURAGED AND ACCEPTED AT NO ADDITIONAL COST TO GOVERNMENT. All freight is FOB Origin. This RFQ is for repair. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's signed acceptance prior to execution. Verify nomenclature, part number, and NSN prior to responding. The Government is seeking a Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) of: 124 Government Source Inspection (GSI) is required. Please note freight is handled by the Navy as per the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) Statement of Work. Your quote should include the following information: QUOTE AMOUNT AND RTAT Unit Price:__________ Total Price:__________ Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): _______ days If your company is not quoting the Government's Required Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) or earlier, provide your company's capacity constraints? _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): the resultant contractual delivery requirement is measured from asset Return to the date of asset acceptance under the terms of the contract. For purposes of this section, Return is defined as physical receipt of the F-condition asset at the contractor's facility as reflected in the Action Date entry in the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) system. In accordance with the CAV Statement of Work, the contractor is required to accurately report all transactions by the end of the fifth regular business day after receipt and the Action Date entered in CAV must be dated to reflect the actual date of physical receipt. The Contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTATs established in this contract. Check one: Firm-fixed-Price ___ Estimated ___ Not-to Exceed (NTE): ___ Return Material Authorization # (RMA), if applicable:__________ Delivery Vehicle (if Delivery Order requested) (if your company has a current BOA/IDIQ, for example) :__________________ IF ITEM NOT PREVIOUSLY PURCHASED BY NAVSUP WSS - or - PRICES INCREASED Provide the NSN of a similar item or, if current NSN is an upgrade part, provide the previous NSN. If previously sold to another buying activity or in the commercial marketplace, provide a copy of your company's invoice (redacted versions are acceptable). If pricing is not in line with historical pricing, provide the basis of your company's pricing. TESTING AND EVALUATION IF BEYOND REPAIR T&E fee/price (if asset is determined BR/BER): If an item is determined BR, and the contractor provides documentation that costs were incurred during evaluation and determination of BR, the contracting officer will negotiate a reduced contract price, not-to exceed (NTE) $___________associated with the repair effort to reflect the BR status of the equipment. The T&E fee (if asset is determined BR/BER) was determined/computed based on:______________________________________. AWARDEE INFO & PERFORMANCE LOCATION Awardee CAGE: __________ Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not same as ""awardee CAGE"": __________ Facility/Subcontractor CAGE (where the asset should be shipped), if not same as ""awardee CAGE"":__________ IOT COMPARE REPAIR PRICE TO PRICE TO BUY NEW New unit price:__________ New unit delivery lead-time:__________ ALL PRICING IS FIRM. PLEASE CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING WHEN PROVIDING PRICE: Include repair price with all costs associated with receipt and complete repair of material that may be in unwhole condition, missing hardware, damaged, handling damage, missing parts and wear damage. IMPORTANT NOTE: Any asset for which the contractor does not meet the required RTAT will incur a price reduction per unit/per month the contractor is late - any delay determined to be excusable (e.g. Government Delay) will not result in a price reduction. If a price reduction is required due to unexcusable contractor delay, the Contracting Officer will implement the aforementioned price reduction via a ""reconciliation modification"" at the end of the contract performance. Price reductions made pursuant to this section shall not limit other remedies available to the Government for failure to meet required RTATs, including but not limited to the Government's right to terminate for default. In reference to the above important note, the contractor provides the following price reduction amount per unit per month the contractor does not meet the RTAT: $__________, up to a maximum of: $_________. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for repair and the contract quality requirements for the PUMP,CENTRIFUGAL . 1.2 ;Perform in accordance with this Technical data package and External documents.; 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.2 ;This Technical Data Package has external documents, that are required to perform the necessary requirements and repairs for this item. The below document references are sections listed in publication S9261-A2-TMM-072 LCAC Fuel Service and Transfer System Technical Manual Rev. 04 Issue Date 31OCT2018 Below documents are required to assist in the performance of repairs. Request for the below documents, shall be sent to: NSWC Panama City Division, LCAC Support, POC: Len Barron, Leonard.D.Barron.civ@us.navy.mil, Phone: 760-815-8761 Fuel Transfer Pump 2525-1 and 2526-2 Refurb Procedures Rev. 03 23 June 2022 Figure 8-60 Transfer Pump IPB Figure 8-68 Service Pump IPB Table 6-3 Materials Table 6-32 Main fuel Boost Pump Test Equipment and Material List 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Part/Reference Number Items - The PUMP,CENTRIFUGAL repaired under this contract/purchase order shall meet the operational and functional requirements of this specification TDP and part number(s) listed below. All repair work shall be performed in accordance with this repair/overhaul specification TDP, practices, manuals, directives, and external technical documents. But not limited to technical orders, manufacturing operations, tooling instructions, approved repair standards and any other contractor or government approved documents developed to provide technical repair procedures. CAGE___Ref. No. ;2526-2 H2526-2; 3.2 ;Perform in accordance with this Technical data package and External documents. This repair requirement is for NSN 4320 013186355 part number 2526-2. All requirements and procedures shall be followed, and those that are specific for part number 2526-2. Requirements and procedures that are specific to part number 2525-1 may be omitted.; 3.3 ;The following procedures are minimum requirements for complete disassembly, cleaning, inspection, refurbishment and repair of the 2525-1 and 2526-2 LCAC fuel pumps. Procedural order can be altered to improve workflow. 6-5.2.3 Disassembly: a. Conduct preliminary motor winding insulation resistance test. Grouped pins A,B,C,D (2525-1) and J,K,L,M on 2526-2. Any reading less than 1000 mega-ohms will require a new motor assy as part of the repair. b. Remove throat (5, Figure 8-60 / 8-68) flange by removing three attaching screws (6). Remove and discard O-rings (7 and 8). c. Remove impeller screw (9) and impeller (10). d. Remove shaft key (11) and, if used, shims (12 and 13). e. Remove electrical receptacle (2) with four attaching screws (1). f. Remove wires from back of receptacle to facilitate removing stator assembly.Mark all wire pin locations for reference during reassembly. g. Remove terminal lug wire (18) with screw (19). Remove and discard O-ring (3) h. Remove cover assembly (14) with four attaching screws (15) and washers (16).Remove and discard O-ring (17) from cover (14). i. Remove sleeve (20). j. Remove rotor assembly (22) from housing assembly (31). k. Extract stator assembly (23) from housing (31) by heating housing (31) to 250 +/- 10 ?F l. Remove Dowel (21) from stator assembly (23). 6-5.2.4 Cleaning: a. Refer to Table 6-3 and Table 6-6 for recommended cleaning materials. Equivalent cleaning materials may be substituted for the items listed. b. Clean all nonmetallic parts by wiping with clean, lint-free tissues or cloth slightly moistened with isopropyl alcohol. c. Immerse all nonelectrical components in cleaning solvent or detergent. Dip components in and out of solvent to clean all passages. d. Using a stiff, nonmetallic brush moistened with cleaning solvent, clean all machined surfaces to remove accumulations of foreign matter. Pump housing may require media blast cleaning to remove all corrosion and provide proper surface preparation for new anodize (clear or red) coating. e. If detergent is used, clean parts with water. Dry all parts using lint-free, clean cloth and/or clean compressed air at 15 psig maximum. f. Clean electrical receptacle and stator assembly with a clean, lintfree cloth slightly moistened with cleaning solvent. g. Dry all parts using a lint-free cloth and/or clean compressed air at 15 psig. 6-5.2.5 Repair or Replacement: a. Refer to Table 6-3 and Table 6-6 for recommended repair materials materials(not an all inclusive list). Equivalent repair materials may be substituted. b. Remove and polish out minor burrs, nicks, and scratches on metal parts. Use crocus cloth for steel parts and aluminum oxide-abrasive cloth for aluminum parts. Glass bead blasting for larger exterior surface prep. c. Apply a protective chemical film to repair a worn anodized finish or to protect an aluminum surface finish. Exterior pump housing surfaces shall receive all new anodize coating (clear or red). d. Repair threaded parts, if damage to one thread is 50 percent or less, by chasing threads with appropriate tap or die. Replace all threaded parts with greater than one thread/50% loss damage. e. When disconnecting an electrical lead from a connector, mark the pin position of the lead to aid in reassembly. f. Prepare ends of a lead for terminal or pin connection by removing 1/4 inch of insulation from ends of lead. g. Solder leads to connector pin or terminal using solder per MIL-STD-454. h. Shrink all heat-shrink tubing in place using a Thermogun. i. Make a replacement lead using the appropriate wire and the removed lead as a template. j. Replace all O-rings regardless of condition.c 6-5.2.6 Inspection: NOTE: Replace any part that fails to meet the requirements of the inspections with a serviceable part.;

3.4 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-130, REV N, 16 NOV 2012; .

3.5 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 ;Perform in accordance with this Technical data package and External documents. ;

4.2 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.4 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies.

4.5 Inspection/Testing Repaired Items - The Contractor shall perform all inspection and testing requirements as specified in the original manufacturer's specifications and drawings. 4.6 ;Upon completion of testing each pump will be packaged with an Acceptance Test Data sheet listing actual recorded parameters for all test steps listed above. Any substitution, reduction or modification in scope/criteria of this procedure must be approved by the Government.; 4.7 ;Repair activity will submit proposed Repair Practices, Procedures, and Acceptance Test Procedures for both the 2525-1 and 2526-2 LCAC Fuel Pumps for Government approval prior to conducting any repair work. Repair activity shall submit proposed Repair Practices, Procedures, and Acceptance Test Procedures to NAVSUP WSS Technical, via NAVSUP WSS Contracting Officer. NAVSUP Technical will submit documents to the In-Service Engineering Activity (ISEA) for review and approval. ISEA will need 10 working days for review and approval. If submission is returned back to repair activity for additional comments or updates, repair activity will have 10 working days to submit for final approval.; 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161. 6.2 ;Perform in accordance with this Technical data package and External documents. ; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ Block 10, 12 - Submit one copy of the repair procedure prior to performing any repair work. Repair activity will submit proposed Repair Practices, Procedures, and Acceptance Test Procedures for both the 2525-1 and 2526-2 LCAC Fuel Pumps for Government approval prior to conducting any repair work. Repair activity shall submit proposed Repair Practices, Procedures, and Acceptance Test Procedures to NAVSUP WSS Technical, via NAVSUP WSS Contracting Officer. NAVSUP Technical will submit documents to the In-Service Engineering Activity (ISEA) for review and approval. ISEA will need 10 working days for review and approval. If submission is returned back to repair activity for additional comments or updates, repair activity will have 10 working days to submit for final approval. Repair Activity shall provide documentation in adobe acrobat version, 7.0 or later. 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for repair and the contract quality requirements for the PUMP,CENTRIFUGAL . 1.2 ;Perform in accordance with this Technical data package and External documents.; 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.2 ;This Technical Data Package has external documents, that are required to perform the necessary requirements and repairs for this item. The below document references are sections listed in publication S9261-A2-TMM-072 LCAC Fuel Service and Transfer System Technical Manual Rev. 04 Issue Date 31OCT2018 Below documents are required to assist in the performance of repairs. Request for the below documents, shall be sent to: NSWC Panama City Division, LCAC Support, POC: Len Barron, Leonard.D.Barron.civ@us.navy.mil, Phone: 760-815-8761 Fuel Transfer Pump 2525-1 and 2526-2 Refurb Procedures Rev. 03 23 June 2022 Figure 8-60 Transfer Pump IPB Figure 8-68 Service Pump IPB Table 6-3 Materials Table 6-32 Main fuel Boost Pump Test Equipment and Material List 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Part/Reference Number Items - The PUMP,CENTRIFUGAL repaired under this contract/purchase order shall meet the operational and functional requirements of this specification TDP and part number(s) listed below. All repair work shall be performed in accordance with this repair/overhaul specification TDP, practices, manuals, directives, and external technical documents. But not limited to technical orders, manufacturing operations, tooling instructions, approved repair standards and any other contractor or government approved documents developed to provide technical repair procedures. CAGE___Ref. No. ;2525-1 H2525-1; 3.2 ;Perform in accordance with this Technical data package and External documents. This repair requirement is for NSN 4320 013311678 part number 2525-1. All requirements and procedures shall be followed, and those that are specific for part number 2525-1. Requirements and procedures that are specific to part number 2526-2 may be omitted.; 3.3 ;The following procedures are minimum requirements for complete disassembly, cleaning, inspection, refurbishment and repair of the 2525-1 and 2526-2 LCAC fuel pumps. Procedural order can be altered to improve workflow. 6-5.2.3 Disassembly: a. Conduct preliminary motor winding insulation resistance test. Grouped pins A,B,C,D (2525-1) and J,K,L,M on 2526-2. Any reading less than 1000 mega-ohms will require a new motor assy as part of the repair. b. Remove throat (5, Figure 8-60 / 8-68) flange by removing three attaching screws (6). Remove and discard O-rings (7 and 8). c. Remove impeller screw (9) and impeller (10). d. Remove shaft key (11) and, if used, shims (12 and 13). e. Remove electrical receptacle (2) with four attaching screws (1). f. Remove wires from back of receptacle to facilitate removing stator assembly.Mark all wire pin locations for reference during reassembly. g. Remove terminal lug wire (18) with screw (19). Remove and discard O-ring (3) h. Remove cover assembly (14) with four attaching screws (15) and washers (16).Remove and discard O-ring (17) from cover (14). i. Remove sleeve (20). j. Remove rotor assembly (22) from housing assembly (31). k. Extract stator assembly (23) from housing (31) by heating housing (31) to 250 +/- 10 ?F l. Remove Dowel (21) from stator assembly (23). 6-5.2.4 Cleaning: a. Refer to Table 6-3 and Table 6-6 for recommended cleaning materials. Equivalent cleaning materials may be substituted for the items listed. b. Clean all nonmetallic parts by wiping with clean, lint-free tissues or cloth slightly moistened with isopropyl alcohol. c. Immerse all nonelectrical components in cleaning solvent or detergent. Dip components in and out of solvent to clean all passages. d. Using a stiff, nonmetallic brush moistened with cleaning solvent, clean all machined surfaces to remove accumulations of foreign matter. Pump housing may require media blast cleaning to remove all corrosion and provide proper surface preparation for new anodize (clear or red) coating. e. If detergent is used, clean parts with water. Dry all parts using lint-free, clean cloth and/or clean compressed air at 15 psig maximum. f. Clean electrical receptacle and stator assembly with a clean, lintfree cloth slightly moistened with cleaning solvent. g. Dry all parts using a lint-free cloth and/or clean compressed air at 15 psig. 6-5.2.5 Repair or Replacement: a. Refer to Table 6-3 and Table 6-6 for recommended repair materials materials(not an all inclusive list). Equivalent repair materials may be substituted. b. Remove and polish out minor burrs, nicks, and scratches on metal parts. Use crocus cloth for steel parts and aluminum oxide-abrasive cloth for aluminum parts. Glass bead blasting for larger exterior surface prep. c. Apply a protective chemical film to repair a worn anodized finish or to protect an aluminum surface finish. Exterior pump housing surfaces shall receive all new anodize coating (clear or red). d. Repair threaded parts, if damage to one thread is 50 percent or less, by chasing threads with appropriate tap or die. Replace all threaded parts with greater than one thread/50% loss damage. e. When disconnecting an electrical lead from a connector, mark the pin position of the lead to aid in reassembly. f. Prepare ends of a lead for terminal or pin connection by removing 1/4 inch of insulation from ends of lead. g. Solder leads to connector pin or terminal using solder per MIL-STD-454. h. Shrink all heat-shrink tubing in place using a Thermogun. i. Make a replacement lead using the appropriate wire and the removed lead as a template. j. Replace all O-rings regardless of condition.c 6-5.2.6 Inspection: NOTE: Replace any part that fails to meet the requirements of the inspections with a serviceable part.;

3.4 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-130, REV N, 16 NOV 2012; .

3.5 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 ;Perform in accordance with this Technical data package and External documents. ;

4.2 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.4 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies.

4.5 Inspection/Testing Repaired Items - The Contractor shall perform all inspection and testing requirements as specified in the original manufacturer's specifications and drawings. 4.6 ;Upon completion of testing each pump will be packaged with an Acceptance Test Data sheet listing actual recorded parameters for all test steps listed. Any substitution, reduction or modification in scope/criteria of this procedure must be approved by the Government. 4.7 ;Repair activity will submit proposed Repair Practices, Procedures, and Acceptance Test Procedures for both the 2525-1 and 2526-2 LCAC Fuel Pumps for Government approval prior to conducting any repair work. Repair activity shall submit proposed Repair Practices, Procedures, and Acceptance Test Procedures to NAVSUP WSS Technical, via NAVSUP WSS Contracting Officer. NAVSUP Technical will submit documents to the In-Service Engineering Activity (ISEA) for review and approval. ISEA will need 10 working days for review and approval. If submission is returned back to repair activity for additional comments or updates, repair activity will have 10 working days to submit for final approval.; 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161. 6.2 ;Perform in accordance with this Technical data package and External documents. ; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ Block 10, 12 - Submit one copy of the repair procedure prior to performing any repair work. Repair activity will submit proposed Repair Practices, Procedures, and Acceptance Test Procedures for both the 2525-1 and 2526-2 LCAC Fuel Pumps for Government approval prior to conducting any repair work. Repair activity shall submit proposed Repair Practices, Procedures, and Acceptance Test Procedures to NAVSUP WSS Technical, via NAVSUP WSS Contracting Officer. NAVSUP Technical will submit documents to the In-Service Engineering Activity (ISEA) for review and approval. ISEA will need 10 working days for review and approval. If submission is returned back to repair activity for additional comments or updates, repair activity will have 10 working days to submit for final approval. Repair Activity shall provide documentation in adobe acrobat version, 7.0 or later.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176051350
  - Email: KAILYN.M.MURO.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. 2.2 ;This Technical Data Package has external documents, that are required to perform the necessary requirements and repairs for this item. The below document references are sections listed in publication S9261-A2-TMM-072 LCAC Fuel Service and Transfer System Technical Manual Rev. 04 Issue Date 31OCT2018 Below documents are required to assist in the performance of repairs. Request for the below documents, shall be sent to: NSWC Panama City Division, LCAC Support, POC: Len Barron, Leonard.D.Barron.civ@us.navy.mil, Phone: 760-815-8761 Fuel Transfer Pump 2525-1 and 2526-2 Refurb Procedures Rev. 03 23 June 2022 Figure 8-60 Transfer Pump IPB Figure 8-68 Service Pump IPB Table 6-3 Materials Table 6-32 Main fuel Boost Pump Test Equipment and Material List 3. REQUIREMENTS

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d9c971ea677e42f180749e3b586cf1c3/view)