---
layout: default
title: Firm-Fixed Price, Commercial Item, Purchase Order, to provide servers
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 5172dced88164c5aa19c9f859c7754d4
---

# Firm-Fixed Price, Commercial Item, Purchase Order, to provide servers

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 15:50:04.091-04
- Solicitation Number: 75H706-00052

## Summary

Edit - Correct the NAICS code. A. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Great Plains Area Indian Health Service (IHS) intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price, Commercial Item, Purchase Order, in response to Request for Quote (RFQ) 75H70626Q00052. Award will be made on an “all-or-none” basis. This acquisition is a set-aside for small business concerns, This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. B. The unit pricing must be all inclusive (to include but not be limited to travel, lodging, per diem, fringe benefits, federal, state and local taxes) plus all other costs pertinent to the performance of this contract. Utilize your most competitive and reasonable rates. Complete the SF-1449. See Specifications in the Statement of Work. Lowest Price Technically Acceptable This acquisition is to provide seven (7) Dell PowerEdge Servers, [Picture Archival and Communications Systems (PACS) Replacements]. This is a 100% Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise (ISBEE) set-aside. The associated NAICS Code is 334111, which has a small business standard of 1,250 employees. The period of performance will be Date of Award through 90 days. C. Equipment will be provided for the GPAIHS, Clinical Engineering Department, 420 S. Garfield, Ste. 600, Pierre, South Dakota 57501. Multiple deliveries will be made to seven (7) locations as stated in the Statement of Work. D. Attached are the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) & Health & Human Services Acquisition Regulation (HHSAR) provisions and clauses that are applicable, including below. E. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation November 2025). Quotes shall be submitted on company letterhead stationery, signed, dated and it shall include: 1. Solicitation number RFQ 75H70626Q00052. 2. Closing Date: March 27, 2026 at 12:00 pm CST 3. Name, address and telephone number of company and email address of contact person. 4. Technical description of the item/service being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements of the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary. 5. Terms of any express warranty, if applicable 6. Price and any discount terms, if applicable 7. “Remit to” address, if different than mailing address. 8. Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments (if any issued) 9. Statement stating ability to meet qualifications and the requirements of the Statement of Work 10. Past performance information, when included as an evaluation factor, to include recent and relevant contracts for the same or similar items and other references (including contract numbers, points of contact with telephone numbers and other relevant information) 11. A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Offerors that fail to furnish required information, or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. F. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation November 2025) Basis of award is Lowest Price, Technically Acceptable “LPTA” offer. The Government will not use the formal source selection procedures described in FAR part 15. The Government will evaluate offers utilizing the procedures of FAR

12.203 Evaluation. Offers will be evaluated for acceptability, but not ranked using the non-price factors/sub-factors. All non-price factors and sub-factors will be rated as either “acceptable” or “unacceptable”. The Government intends to evaluate and make award without discussion with the offerors other than minor clarifications, unless discussions are determined to be necessary. A decision on the technical acceptability of each offeror’s quotations will be made. For those offeror’s which are determined to be technically acceptable, award will be made to that vendor with the lowest overall price. (a) The LPTA evaluation process will be accomplished as follows - Technical Acceptability will be comprised of three subfactors: 1.) Meeting all areas under the "Scope of Work" and “Equipment”; 2.) Past Performance; and, 3.) Price. 1.) Each offeror’s technical quotations will be evaluated to determine if the offeror provides a sound, compliant approach that meets the requirements of the Scope of Work. In addition, Contractors shall provide the following in order to be considered technically acceptable: - Contractor is required to provide at least one copy of an operator manual with this purchase. The document may be digital or physical. 2.) Past Performance: The offeror shall provide a list of contracts under which they have performed same or similar services to this RFQ requirement within the last three (3) years. The Government shall assess the offeror’s ability to perform the effort described in the Request for Quote (RFQ). The assessment process will result in an overall technical rating of Acceptable/Non Acceptable or Neutral/Unknown. Offerors with no relevant past or present performance history shall receive the rating “neutral or unknown”, meaning the rating is treated neither favorably nor unfavorably. 3.) Price: The Pricing Schedule must be completed for all line items and all option years and will be evaluated as to completeness and reasonableness. (b) Options. N/A (c) Notice of Award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. N. Offers will be accepted electronically, Submit via e-mail to the following: Great Plains Area Indian Health Service Attn: Wenda Wright, Contract Specialist 115 4th Ave. SE, Room 309 Aberdeen, SD 57401 Email: wenda.wright@ihs.gov Questions in regards to this solicitation shall be submitted in writing by either email no later than March 20, 2026, 12:00pm CST. Contractors will need a UEI number, TIN number, and be registered with www.sam.gov. ACCEPTANCE PERIOD: Your proposal must stipulate that it is predicated upon all the terms and conditions of this RFQ. In addition, it must contain a statement to the effect that it is firm for a period of at least 90 days from the date of receipt by the Government. Quotation must set forth full, accurate and complete information as required by the Request for Quotation (RFQ) and be returned no later than the date referenced. All required information must be submitted in order to be considered responsive and eligible for award. No contract award shall be made to any vendor listed on the OIG Exclusions List at http://exclusions.org.hhs.gov throughout the duration of the contract. Contractor must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov The Government reserves the right to accept or reject services, if the level of performance is unacceptable. The Contractor must provide only new equipment and new parts for the required products described herein; no used, refurbished, or remanufactured equipment or parts shall be provided under any circumstances. Absolutely no “Gray Market Goods” or “Counterfeit Electronic Parts” shall be provided. Gray Market Goods are defined as genuine branded goods intentionally or unintentionally sold outside of an authorized sales-territory or by non-authorized dealers in an authorized territory. All equipment shall be accompanied by the Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM’s) warranty. Counterfeit Electronic Parts are defined as unlawful or unauthorized reproduction, substitution, or alteration that has been knowingly mismarked, misidentified, or otherwise misrepresented to be an authentic, unmodified electronic part from the original manufacturer, or a source with the express written authority of the original manufacturer or current design activity, including an authorized aftermarket manufacturer. Unlawful or unauthorized substitution includes used electronic parts represented as new, or the false identification of grade, serial number, lot number, date code, or performance characteristics. “The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) mandates that U.S. federal agencies use the Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6). In November 2020, OMB issued memorandum M-21-07 "Completing the Transition to IPv6", which outlines the Federal government's strategic intent "to deliver its information services, operate its networks, and access the services of others using only IPv6". The IHS requires all new IT systems (hardware and software) to operate in a pure IPv6 network environment. This includes on-premises services or third-party hosted services that require network integration into the IHS network. The Offeror's solution shall comply with the IPv6 standards profile as defined by the NIST USGv6 Program: https://www.nist.gov/programs-projects/usgv6-program” The contractor will comply with the following listed regulations: - Privacy Act, 5 U.S.C. 552a - Office of Privacy and Civil Liberties | Privacy Act of 1974 - Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) - eCFR :: 45 CFR Part 164 -- Security and Privacy - CFR 42 Part 2 - eCFR :: 42 CFR Part 2 -- Confidentiality of Substance Use Disorder Patient Records Indemnification and Governing Law Indemnification, Liability, Statute of Limitations: Any provisions in the Terms of Service (TOS) related to indemnification and filing deadlines are hereby waived, and shall not apply except to the extent expressly authorized by law. Liability for any breach of the TOS as modified by this amendment, or any claim arising from the TOS as modified by this amendment, shall be determined under the Federal Tort Claims Act, or other governing federal authority. Federal statute of limitations provisions shall apply to any breach or claim. Governing law: Any arbitration, mediation or similar dispute resolution provision in the TOS is hereby deleted. The TOS and this amendment shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the United States of America without reference to conflict of laws. To the extent permitted by federal law, the laws of the State of ____ will apply in the absence of applicable federal law.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Wenda Wright
  - Email: wenda.wright@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6052267724

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5172dced88164c5aa19c9f859c7754d4/view)