---
layout: default
title: M--Provide Husbandry Services to the NOAA Ship Pisces
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 14c7810b6db044dc89288e7620fc5bca
---

# M--Provide Husbandry Services to the NOAA Ship Pisces

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 09:47:49.798-04
- Solicitation Number: 1333MK26Q0031

## Summary

Amendment 0001 to solicitation 1333MK26Q0031 is for the following. To add additional clauses and to extend the solicitation. 1. The following clauses is now added to this solicitation FAR 52.204-9: Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel. FAR 52.204-23: Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities. CAR 1352.237-71: Security processing requirements - low risk contracts. CAR 1352.237-73: Foreign national visitor and guest access to departmental resources. 2. This solicitation is now extended please refer to the SAM.gov. 3. All of the other terms and condition remain the same. 4. End of Amendment 0001. THIS IS A COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FORMAT IN FAR SUBPART 12.6, AS SUPPLEMENTED WITH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION; QUOTES ARE BEING REQUESTED AND A WRITTEN SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE ISSUED. THIS SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION 1333MK26Q0031 CONSTITUTES A REQUEST FOR QUOTATION (RFQ) AND INCORPORATES PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES IN EFFECT THROUGH FEDERAL ACQUISITION CIRCULAR 2025-06. THE NATIONAL OCEANIC ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION (NOAA), OFFICE OF MARINE & AVIATION OPERATIONS (OMAO), NOAA SHIP PISCES REQUIRES HUSBANDRY SERVICES AT LAS PALMAS DE GRAN CANARIA, SPAIN CLIN DESCRIPTION QUANTITY UNIT PRICE TOTAL PRICE 0001 PROVIDE HUSBANDRY SERVICES TO THE NOAA SHIP PISCES WHILE AT LAS PALMAS DE GRAN CANARIA, SPAIN PER THE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: (10 DAYS) BETWEEN: 01 JUNE 2026 - 15 SEPTEMBER 2026 ***ANTICIPATED MOORAGE DATES: 08 – 25 JULY 2026. *** PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: NOAA SHIP PISCES LAS PALMAS DE GRAN CANARIA, SPAIN ** IN ADDITION TO LAS PALMAS, THE VENDOR MAY PROPOSED ANOTHER BEST SUITABLE LOGISTICAL PORT WITHIN THE CANARY ISLANDS FOR THE VESSEL WHICH MAY BE CONSIDERED BY THE GOVERNMENT. ** SERVICES INCLUDES THE FOLLOWING: 1. PILOTAGE 2. COMPULSORY TUG 3. PIER SPACE 4. LINE HANDLERS 5. BROW RENTAL QUOTE AS AN OPTION 6. CUSTOMS AND IMMIGRATION (IF APPLICABLE). 7. POTABLE WATER 8. BILGE WATER & OIL RESIDUE 9. MEDICAL ASSISTANCE 10. SEWAGE (BLACK WATER AND GREY WATER) 11. GARBAGE 12. AIRPORT CREW PICK-UPS/DROP OFFS 13. LINEN SERVICES 14. AIR FREIGHT (CLEARANCE AND TRANSFERS ONLY) 15. FUEL (COORDINATION ONLY WITH THE PORT) 16. BOOM SERVICE QUOTE AS AN OPTION EACH CLIN IS INDEPENDENT FROM EACH OTHER, THEREFORE THE VENDOR SHALL CONFIRM SERVICES REQUESTED PER EACH CLIN AND DATES OF ARRIVAL/ DEPARTURE. VENDOR SHALL NOT CHARGE THE GOVERNMENT FOR ANY STANDBY SERVICES. **PRICES WILL BE PAID AT ACTUAL COST NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE ORDER. ** **ANY UNUSED FUNDS REMAINING WILL BE DE-OBLIGATED AT A LATER TIME. ** 0002 PIER SECURITY AT THE GANGWAY (PER THE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK) TRAINED AND QUALIFIED SECURITY WATCH STANDERS TO MAINTAIN 24 HOUR / 7 DAYS PER WEEK CONTINUOUS WATCH OVER THE GANGWAY IN APPROPRIATE SHIFTS (TO INCLUDE ALL WEEKENDS AND HOLIDAYS). EACH CLIN IS INDEPENDENT FROM EACH OTHER, THEREFORE THE VENDOR SHALL CONFIRM SERVICES REQUESTED PER EACH CLIN AND DATES OF ARRIVAL/ DEPARTURE. VENDOR SHALL NOT CHARGE THE GOVERNMENT FOR ANY STANDBY SERVICES. **PRICES WILL BE PAID AT ACTUAL COST NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE ORDER. ** **ANY UNUSED FUNDS REMAINING WILL BE DE-OBLIGATED AT A LATER TIME. ** 0003 SUPPLIES (PER THE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK) PROCUREMENT AND DELIVERY OF MISCELLANEOUS PARTS AND SUPPLIES ONLY IF NEEDED AND AVAILABLE VENDOR SHALL PROVIDE A QUOTE FOR ANY ASSOCIATED FEES (IF APPLICABLE). FUNDS WILL BE ALLOCATED FOR MISCELLANEOUS PARTS AND SUPPLIES AT MARKET PRICE WITH A NOT TO EXCEED AMOUNT THAT WILL INCLUDE ANY ASSOCIATED FEES INCURRED AT RATES PROVIDED IN THE QUOTE. FOR TRANSPERANCY PURPOSES ANY ASSOCIATED FEES REGARDING THE MISCELLANEOUS PARTS AND SUPPLIES SHALL BE PROVIDED UPFRONT AT SOLICITATION AND EXPLAINED. (ONE EXAMPLE OF ASSOCIATED FEES MAY BE DELIVERY FEES, IF ANY). EACH CLIN IS INDEPENDENT FROM EACH OTHER, THEREFORE THE VENDOR SHALL CONFIRM SERVICES REQUESTED PER EACH CLIN AND DATES OF ARRIVAL/ DEPARTURE. VENDOR SHALL NOT CHARGE THE GOVERNMENT FOR ANY STANDBY SERVICES. **PRICES WILL BE PAID AT ACTUAL COST NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE ORDER. ** **ANY UNUSED FUNDS REMAINING WILL BE DE-OBLIGATED AT A LATER TIME. ** 0004 FORKLIFT WITH LICENSED OPERATOR. (PER THE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK) DO NOT PLACE OR HAVE THIS SERVICE ON STANDBY, FORKLIFT AND OPERATOR SHALL ONLY BE SCHEDULED BY THE SHIP FOR THE ACTUAL DAYS AND HOURS OF USAGE. VENDOR SHALL NOT CHARGE THE GOVERNMENT FOR ANY STANDBY SERVICES. * *PRICES WILL BE PAID AT ACTUAL COST NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE ORDER. ** **ANY UNUSED FUNDS REMAINING WILL BE DE-OBLIGATED AT A LATER TIME. ** 0005 FOOD STORES. (PER THE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK) INCLUDING PRODUCE, DAIRY, FROZEN GOODS, MEATS AND DRY GOODS. FINAL ORDER TO BE PROVIDED ONE WEEK IN ADVANCE, DELIVERY TO THE SHIP BY TRUCK. **NO PENALTIES FOR CHANGES OF FOOD STORES SHALL BE IMPOSED TO THE SHIP WITHIN THIS PERIOD. ** **ACCEPTANCE DEPENDENT ON SHIP INSPECTION, PER VESSEL SANITATION PROGRAM 2011 OPERATIONS MANUAL, BY U.S. PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICE (USPHS) AND CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION, FOOD MUST BE OBTAINED FROM SOURCES THAT COMPLY WITH APPLICABLE LOCAL, STATE, FEDERAL, OR COUNTRY OF ORIGIN'S STATUTES, REGULATIONS, AND ORDINANCES. FOOD STORE MAY INCLUDE SUPPLEMENTAL FOOD FROM LOCAL WAREHOUSE/ WHOLESALER RETAILERS AT THE GOVERNMENTS DISCRETIONS USING THE GOVERNMENTS PURCHASE CARD OR THE AGENT CARD ONLY IF THE GOVERNMENT CARD DECLINES. EACH CLIN IS INDEPENDENT FROM EACH OTHER, THEREFORE THE VENDOR SHALL CONFIRM SERVICES REQUESTED PER EACH CLIN AND DATES OF ARRIVAL/ DEPARTURE. VENDOR SHALL NOT CHARGE THE GOVERNMENT FOR ANY STANDBY SERVICES. FOR TRANSPERANCY PURPOSES ANY ASSOCIATED FEES REGARDING THE PURCHASE OF FOOD STORE SHALL BE PROVIDED UPFRONT AT SOLICITATION AND EXPLAINED. (ONE EXAMPLE OF ASSOCIATED FEES MAY BE DELIVERY FEES, IF ANY). EACH CLIN IS INDEPENDENT FROM EACH OTHER, THEREFORE THE VENDOR SHALL CONFIRM SERVICES REQUESTED PER EACH CLIN AND DATES OF ARRIVAL/ DEPARTURE. VENDOR SHALL NOT CHARGE THE GOVERNMENT FOR ANY STANDBY SERVICES. **PRICES WILL BE PAID AT ACTUAL COST NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE ORDER. ** **ANY UNUSED FUNDS REMAINING WILL BE DE-OBLIGATED AT A LATER TIME.** 0006 GROUND TRANSPORTATION. (PER THE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK) TWO (2) 10-PASSENGER VAN WITH DRIVER APROX 9 DAYS/ 120 HOURS. ONE (1) 5-PASSENGER SEDAN WITH DRIVER APROX 10 DAYS/ 120 HOURS EACH CLIN IS INDEPENDENT FROM EACH OTHER, THEREFORE THE VENDOR SHALL CONFIRM SERVICES REQUESTED PER EACH CLIN AND DATES OF ARRIVAL/ DEPARTURE. VENDOR SHALL NOT CHARGE THE GOVERNMENT FOR ANY STANDBY SERVICES. **PRICES WILL BE PAID AT ACTUAL COST NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE ORDER. ****ANY UNUSED FUNDS REMAINING WILL BE DE-OBLIGATED AT A LATER TIME. * 0007 HUSBANDING AGENT. (PER THE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK) EACH CLIN IS INDEPENDENT FROM EACH OTHER, THEREFORE THE VENDOR SHALL CONFIRM SERVICES REQUESTED PER EACH CLIN AND DATES OF ARRIVAL/ DEPARTURE. VENDOR SHALL NOT CHARGE THE GOVERNMENT FOR ANY STANDBY SERVICES. **PRICES WILL BE PAID AT ACTUAL COST NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE ORDER. ** **ANY UNUSED FUNDS REMAINING WILL BE DE-OBLIGATED AT A LATER TIME. ** INCLUSION OF FAR CLAUSE 52.217-8, OPTION TO EXTEND SERVICES, IN THE SOLICITATION AND RESULTANT CONTRACT IS FOR USE BY THE GOVERNMENT AS OUTLINED AT FAR 37.111, EXTENSION OF SERVICES. THE OPTION WILL BE EXERCISED AS NEEDED AT ANY TIME DURING THE LIFE OF THE CONTRACT USING THE NEGOTIATED RATES IN THIS CONTRACT AND SHALL BE APPLICABLE AT THE TIME OF THIS EXERCISE. 0008 OPTIONAL SERVICES THE VENDOR SHALL NOT INDEPENDENTLY PROCEED WITH THE OPTIONAL SERVICES. ALL OPTIONAL SERVICES SHALL BE CONFIRMED AT LEAST 24 HOURS IN ADVANCE AND CAN ONLY BE AUTHORIZED BY THE CONTRACTING OFFICER. THE AGENT SHALL PROVIDE AN ITEMIZED PRICE LIST OF ANY ADDITIONAL SERVICES THAT MAY BE NEEDED. FUNDS MAY BE ALLOCATED AS PLACE HOLDER AT THE AWARD LEVEL OR DURING THE LIFE OF THE CONTRACT FOR THE PROCUREMENT AND DELIVERY OF ADDITIONAL SERVICES AT MARKET PRICE OR NEGOTIATED RATE IF ALREADY QUOTED. SERVICES MAY INCLUDE BUT NOT LIMITED TO: ADDITIONAL SERVICES ON THE STATEMENT OF WORK FROM CLIN 0001-0007 SUCH EXAMPLES MAY INCLUDE BUT LIMITED TO ADDITIONAL TRASH, SEWAGE PICK UP OR ADDITIONAL GUARD SERVICE/ WATCH STANDERS, PILOT, TUG SERVICE, GROUND TRANSPORTATION, FORKLIFT, AIRPORT CREW PICK UPS, AIR FREIGHT CLEARANCE, ETC. EACH CLIN IS INDEPENDENT FROM EACH OTHER, THEREFORE THE VENDOR SHALL CONFIRM SERVICES REQUESTED PER EACH CLIN AND DATES OF ARRIVAL/ DEPARTURE. VENDOR SHALL NOT CHARGE THE GOVERNMENT FOR ANY STANDBY SERVICES. **PRICES WILL BE PAID AT ACTUAL COST NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE ORDER. ** **ANY UNUSED FUNDS REMAINING WILL BE DE-OBLIGATED AT A LATER TIME. ** THE GOVERNMENT WILL AWARD A FIRM FIXED PRICE CONTRACT BASED ON BEST VALUE TO THE GOVERNMENT: 1. EXPERIENCE/ PAST PERFORMANCE, 2. AVAILABILITY (SERVICES, DATES AND PIER LOCATION), AND 3. PRICE. OPTION CLIN WILL ALSO BE EVALUATED BASED ON THE OVERALL AVAILABILITY AND BEST PRICE*** THIS ACQUISITION IS AVAILABLE FOR FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION UNDER NAICS CODE 488310, PORT AND HARBOR OPERATIONS THE PRODUCT SERVICE CODE IS M2BZ. PLEASE REVIEW THE ATTACHED RFQ 1333MK26Q0031, VENDOR SHALL ENSURE TO PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION OTHERWISE FAILURE TO PROVIDE OR MISSING DOCUMENTS MAY BE CONSIDERED AS A NON-RESPONSIVE, AND COULD BE DISQUALIFIED FROM SOLICITATION. 1. RFQ NUMBER, INCLUDING NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, CAGE CODE AND SAM UNIQUE ENTITY IDENTIFIER (UEI). 2. PROVIDE PAGE ONE OF YOUR SAM REGISTRATION; ENSURE IT IS AN ACTIVE ACCOUNT. 3. PLEASE PROVIDE A DETAILED AND ITEMIZED COST TO INCLUDETHE TOTAL AMOUNT PER STATEMENT OF REQUIREMENTS AND PER LINE ITEMS IN AN EXCEL SPREADSHEET EXPLAINED HOW IS BEING QUOTED). **PLEASE ENSURE TO INCLUDE THE PROPOSE PIER AND LOCATION. ** 4. INCLUDE STATEMENT SPECIFYING THE EXTENT OF AGREEMENT WITH ALL THE TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND PROVISION INCLUDED IN THIS RFQ. QUOTES THAT REJECT THE GOVERNMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS ON THIS SOLICITATION MAY BE EXCLUDED FROM CONSIDERATION. 5. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF SOLICITATION AMENDMENTS (SF-30) IF ANY. 6. PLEASE PROVIDE AT LEAST THREE REFERENCES FOR JOBS PERFORMED WITHIN THE PAST THREE YEARS THAT ARE THE SAME OR SIMILAR IN IN SCOPE SPECIFICALLY IN "VESSEL HUSBANDRY/ PORT SERVICES". VENDOR SHALL PROVIDE A POINT OF CONTACT THAT INCLUDES NAME, TELEPHONE NUMBER, EMAILS AND A DETAIL DESCRIPTION OF THE SERVICE PERFORMED AND PRICE. ALL RESPONSIBLE SOURCES MAY SUBMIT A QUOTATION WHICH SHALL BE CONSIDERED BY THE AGENCY. QUOTES MUST BE SUBMITTED VIA ELECTRONIC MEANS (EMAIL) NO LATER THAN BY MARCH 13, 2026 AT 12:00 P.M. EASTERN TIME (ET). TO ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV. THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR NONRECEIPT OF EMAIL. IT IS THE CONTRACTOR'S RESPONSIBILITY TO REQUEST A CONFIRMATION OF THE EMAIL RECEIPT. ***ALL QUESTIONS MUST BE SUBMITTED IN WRITING TO ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV BY MARCH 09, 2026 AT 12:00 P.M. ET. TELEPHONE INQUIRIES WILL NOT BE HONORED. *** CONTRACTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO REGISTER WITH THE SAM.GOV VENDOR NOTIFICATION SERVICE AS WELL AS THE INTERESTED VENDORS LIST FOR THIS ACQUISITION (SEE APPLICABLE TAB WITHIN SAM.GOV WHERE THIS SYNOPSIS/ SOLICITATION IS POSTED). QUOTERS MUST BE REGISTERED IN THE SAM.GOV DATABASE TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS AWARD. REGISTRATION IS FREE AND CAN BE COMPLETED ON-LINE AT HTTP:// WWW.SAM.GOV/. FOR CLAUSES AND PROVISION PLEASE SEE ATTACHED STANDARD FORM1449 1333MK26Q0031

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: CANCELA, ALEXANDER
  - Email: ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/14c7810b6db044dc89288e7620fc5bca/view)