---
layout: default
title: F-15 FMS Aerospace Ground Equipment/Special Purpose Vehicles (AGE/SPV)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: cca713a5f3244cf692bfd6422806bc44
---

# F-15 FMS Aerospace Ground Equipment/Special Purpose Vehicles (AGE/SPV)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 08:41:09.614-04
- Solicitation Number: FA857526RB004

## Summary

Update 11 MAR 26: 1. The Government is reviewing all questions received in the 7 day window given to submit and will post the questions and answers as soon as possible. 2. Attachment 7 - Relevancy Assessment contains incorrect dollar amounts. Refer to Section M for the correct dollar amounts. A RFP amendment will be posted soon to reflect this change. RFP Release 27 FEB 26 The Government is pleased to provide the attached Solicitation for F-15 FMS Aerospace Ground Equipment/Special Purpose Vehicles contract in support of the Royal Saudi Air Force (RSAF). Please be advised that the issuance of this Final Solicitation takes precedence over any draft Solicitation or updates provided prior to its release. Government intends to award to one responsible Small Business. Award will be based on the proposal that conforms to the solicitation requirements and provides the best value to the Government based on an assessment of the evaluation criteria described in the M-900 Evaluation Factors for Award (Section M) to this solicitation. The Government may use Advisory and Assistance Support (A&AS) contractors in support of the acquisition process, to include proposal review. These contractors are routinely required to execute non-disclosure agreements against the use or disclosure of proprietary information handled in the course of their duties. Each member of the RSAF F-15 Aersospace Ground Equipment/Special Purpose Vehicles acquisition Source Selection Evaluation Board (SSEB) will also execute non-disclosure agreements specific to this acquisition. Entities that may support this acquisition are as follows: Astrion. Any objections to the use of this company shall be provided in writing to the PCO within ten (10) calendar days of RFP issuance. Offerors interested in responding to this solicitation should be cognizant of potential or actual Organizational Conflict of Interest (OCI) before submitting a proposal. OCI issues include, but are not limited to, the inability to render impartial assistance or advice to the Government, the inability to objectively perform contract work, or the unfair competitive advantage created by current or previous contractual efforts with the Government. Offerors shall include OCI assessments and mitigation plans with their proposal, if applicable. Foreign contractors are permitted to participate at the prime level. The Government requests interested firms to notify the Contracting Officer of their intent to propose; however, failure to make such notification will not preclude interested parties from submitting a proposal. If responding under a teaming arrangement, please coordinate a single response. Funds are not presently available for this contract. The Government’s obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contacting Officer. Further, the Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation either before or after the proposal due date. In the event that the Government cancels the solicitation, the Government has no obligation to pay proposal preparation costs. Offerors shall fill in all items that are blank, blank in brackets, or identified as “TBD” throughout the RFP. Some examples (not all inclusive) can be found on this solicitation, Model Contract, Standard Form 33 (SF 33) blocks 15, 16, 17, and 18, as well as clause information. Offerors are advised to submit proposals in accordance with L-900 Instructions, Conditions, and Notices to Offerors or Respondents (Section L). All proposal volumes are due by 5:00 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time, 30 March 2026. If you have any questions regarding this acquisition, please submit them to the Contracting Officer, Julia Malone, by email at julia.malone@us.af.mil, or Contract Specialist, Pavielle Ludlow, by email at Pavielle.Ludlow@us.af.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Julia Malone
  - Email: julia.malone@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Pavielle Ludlow
  - Email: pavielle.ludlow@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Relevancy Assessment contains incorrect dollar amounts. Refer to Section M for the correct dollar amounts. A RFP amendment will be posted soon to reflect this change. RFP Release 27 FEB 26 The Government is pleased to provide the attached Solicitation for F-15 FMS Aerospace Ground Equipment/Special Purpose Vehicles contract in support of the Royal Saudi Air Force (RSAF). Please be advised that the issuance of this Final Solicitation takes precedence over any draft Solicitation or updates provided prior to its release. Government intends to award to one responsible Small Business. Award will be based on the proposal that conforms to the solicitation requirements and provides the best value to the Government based on an assessment of the evaluation criteria described in the M-900 Evaluation Factors for Award (Section M) to this solicitation. The Government may use Advisory and Assistance Support (A&AS) contractors in support of the acquisition process, to include proposal review. These contractors are routinely required to execute non-disclosure agreements against the use or disclosure of proprietary information handled in the course of their duties. Each member of the RSAF F-15 Aersospace Ground Equipment/Special Purpose Vehicles acquisition Source Selection Evaluation Board (SSEB) will also execute non-disclosure agreements specific to this acquisition. Entities that may support this acquisition are as follows: Astrion. Any objections to the use of this company shall be provided in writing to the PCO within ten (10) calendar days of RFP issuance. Offerors interested in responding to this solicitation should be cognizant of potential or actual Organizational Conflict of Interest (OCI) before submitting a proposal. OCI issues include, but are not limited to, the inability to render impartial assistance or advice to the Government, the inability to objectively perform contract work, or the unfair competitive advantage created by current or previous contractual efforts with the Government. Offerors shall include OCI assessments and mitigation plans with their proposal, if applicable. Foreign contractors are permitted to participate at the prime level. The Government requests interested firms to notify the Contracting Officer of their intent to propose; however, failure to make such notification will not preclude interested parties from submitting a proposal. If responding under a teaming arrangement, please coordinate a single response. Funds are not presently available for this contract. The Government’s obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contacting Officer. Further, the Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation either before or after the proposal due date. In the event that the Government cancels the solicitation, the Government has no obligation to pay proposal preparation costs. Offerors shall fill in all items that are blank, blank in brackets, or identified as “TBD” throughout the RFP. Some examples (not all inclusive) can be found on this solicitation, Model Contract, Standard Form 33 (SF 33) blocks 15, 16, 17, and 18, as well as clause information. Offerors are advised to submit proposals in accordance with L-900 Instructions, Conditions, and Notices to Offerors or Respondents (Section L). All proposal volumes are due by 5:00 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time, 30 March 2026. If you have any questions regarding this acquisition, please submit them to the Contracting Officer, Julia Malone, by email at julia.malone@us.af.mil, or Contract Specialist, Pavielle Ludlow, by email at Pavielle.Ludlow@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cca713a5f3244cf692bfd6422806bc44/view)