---
layout: default
title: 6520--Dental LED Curing Light
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f68d20246eac4f7da2a8cdf00eb18d00
---

# 6520--Dental LED Curing Light

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-26 11:30:05.447-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0557
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) /Â SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE IS ISSUEDÂ SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION ABOUT PRICING, DELIVERY, THE MARKET, AND CAPABILITIES IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI FOR PLANNING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a Sources Sought Notice / RFI only. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice / RFI is to gain information about potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 339114 (size standard of 750 Employees). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI, further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcements may be published. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking sources capable of providing Dental LED curing light equivalent to Coltolux Comfort Cordless LED Curing Light Kit. The list of DRAFT characteristics is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive, of the supplies/services that are required. SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS VAAR 852.212-71 Gray Market and Counterfeit Items clause applies on this acquisition. No remanufacturers or gray market items will be acceptable. Vendor shall be an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), authorized dealer, authorized distributor or authorized reseller verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM signed. The letter must either state specific product(s) quoted or that the quoter is an authorized distributor for all the manufacturer s products. This letter must be on the manufacturer s letterhead and contains the signature of an authorized official for the manufacturer. NOTE: Potential offers must be aware that the items being acquired are procured as Brand Name or Equal. For those items that are or equal , a description of the salient characteristics is outlined below. It is offeror s responsibility to demonstrate its offer meeting the salient physical and functional characteristics included in this solicitation. If the offer does NOT demonstrate, the offer will be considered non-responsive. The interested parties bear full responsibility to ensure their submission demonstrates to the government that they can satisfy the requirement by providing the brand name or equal to the supplies being requested. Deliverables Line Item Description Qty UOM 0001 Dental LED Curing Light equivalent to Coltolux Comfort Cordless LED Curing Light Kit 50 EA Salient Characteristics Curling lights must emit light at wavelengths between 400 and 500 nanometers. Must be LED curing light for more efficient energy and to generate less heat. Must be cordless. The lens must be a minimum of 11 mm diameter to create homogenous beam profile. The flat tip must offer 90-degree angle bend to provide easy access to the posterior. The battery must be chargeable but also offer user-replaceable battery option. If your company is interested and capable of providing the required supplies/services, please provide the information indicated below. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Submit your capabilities statement illustrating how your organization can/cannot meet the list of salient characteristics requirements. For instances where your company cannot meet the salient characteristics requirement(s), please explain. For instances where your company can meet the salient characteristics requirement(s), please show how your company meets/exceeds each requirement. (2) Please review the list of salient characteristics requirements and provide any additional feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (3) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. (4) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified in this RFI? (5) Are you the manufacturer, authorized distributor, and/or can your company provide a solution to the required supplies/services described in the list of salient characteristics? (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated/authorized distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified. (8) Limitations on Subcontracting: How does your business ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting as outlined in 13 CFR Â§ 125.6? (9) Are the items you are identifying/providing considered Commercial of the Shelf (COTS) items as defined in FAR Part 2.101 under commercial items? (10) Non-Manufacturer Rule: If applicable, can you confirm your business complies with the Non-Manufacturer rule? Specifically, does your company: Provide a product from a small business manufacturer or processor? Not exceed 500 employees? Primarily engage in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of item being supplied? Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? (11) Please indicate whether your product conforms to the requirements of the Buy American Act? (12) What is your lead time to deliver a single unit with all components? Is there scale in lead time with greater quantities? Please elaborate. (13) What is estimated life span of your solution? What support/services does that entail? (14) Does your proposed equipment have FDA clearance? Please specify what FDA clearance(s) have been obtained. (15) Does your organization offer a leasing solution? Please elaborate. (16) Does your company have a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract? If so, please provide the contract number(s). (17) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract holder, are all the items/solutions you are providing information about available on your schedule/contract? Please state if all or some items are available on the contract. (18) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (19) Please provide your SAM.gov Unique Entity ID/Cage Code number. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Hestia.Sim@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Thursday, April 2, 2026, by 10AM Pacific Local Time. All responses to this Sources Sought/RFI will be used for planning purposes only. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI are not considered a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcement is issued as a result of the information provided from this RFI, all interested parties must respond to the specific posting separately IAW the specifications of that announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Hestia Sim
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Hestia.Sim@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f68d20246eac4f7da2a8cdf00eb18d00/view)