---
layout: default
title: RFI FOR INSTALLATIONS SERVICES AND CASE GOODS
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 69ec264c37ee4b9baa68c3f48d3f70d2
---

# RFI FOR INSTALLATIONS SERVICES AND CASE GOODS

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-22 14:57:55.345-04
- Solicitation Number: FN1616-26

## Summary

Request for Information (Sources Sought) FPI-RFI-INSTALLATIONS # RFI0016-26 Issue Date: April 22, 2026 Submittal Due Date: May 1st @ 10am EST Issuing Company: UNICOR, Federal Prison Industries, Inc. Office Furniture Group 400 First Street, NW Washington, DC 20534 POC: Brent Ponder, Contract Specialist Email: Brent.Ponder@usdoj.gov SUBJECT: THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION FOR INSTALLATIONS. All information in this request is considered confidential and shall not be used by the Respondent for any reason other than responding to this request. This is a Request for Information (RFI) and your response is NOT an offer. The results of this Request for Information (RFI) will be used to develop an Acquisitions Strategy, AND WILL NOT RESULT IN A CONTRACT OF ANY TYPE. This request does not obligate UNICOR OFG to pay any cost that any Respondent incurs in the preparation of its response. All cost associated with the preparation of a response to this request will be borne solely by the Respondent. All submitted responses shall become the property of UNICOR OFG and will not be returned. UNICOR, Federal Prison Industries (FPI) is soliciting proposals for potential contractors to provide Installations for Office Furniture Group (OFG). DESCRIPTION/STATEMENT OF WORK UNICOR Office Furniture Group has a contract requirement for installation services of systems furniture and case goods. In addition to systems and case goods, successful offeror(s) will be required to install seating and accessory items. Offeror(s) may be required to provide installation of the following: Installation may include: Teardown of a workstation Installing new workstation Reconfiguration of a workstation Evenings/Weekend Work Unusual site conditions (i.e. long push) Stair carries Clean up of job site Daily Disposal/Trash Removal Product to be installed may consist of but not limited to: Systems Movable/Demountable Walls Privacy Screens/Panels Work Surfaces Storage Products Miscellaneous Office Enhancements UNICOR Case Goods Product Line Baritone Wood (Including knockdown product) Integrate Laminate (Including knockdown product) Harmony Laminate (Including knockdown product) Relevate Wood (Including knockdown product) UNICOR Seating Ergonomic Task Lounge (1 place, 2 place and 3 place Seating) Executive Guest and Reception Drafting Stools Stacking Chairs Tables Breakroom Conference Occasional Training/Classroom Float Coffee Table End Table Sofa Table Files/Bookcases/Storage Lateral files - Wood, Metal and Laminate (2, 3, 4 and 5 high) Stationary/Mobile Storage Pedestals - Wood, Metal and Laminate Vertical filing Systems - Wood, Metal and Laminate (4 and 5 high) Bookcases - Wood, Metal and Laminate (2, 3, 4 and 5 high) Lockers Pallet Racking Accessories Wood Accessories Monitor Arms Ergonomic Keyboards Mouse Pads CPU Holder and Mount Desk Lights Access Rails Cable Management Ancillary Items Packaged Office Miscellaneous Items Offeror(s) may be required to attend pre-installation site meetings. In order for offeror(s) to receive payment, pre-installation meeting participants will be documented and signed off on by all parties. Sign-in sheet will be emailed to a specific email address provided by UNICOR. Offeror(s) will not be required to provide the following: Carpeting, and painting under the subsequent contract. However, if entry level electrical is noted in the statement of work it will be required to be completed by a certified electrician. The selection and the procurement of the certified electrician should be done by the awarded Offeror(s). For projects that require warehousing there will be a receive/deliver line on the install statement of work. Successful offeror(s) shall establish installation facilities in such a manner that receipt, inspection, and delivery of UNICOR product occurs by the customer’s due date. These facilities shall exist sufficiently to receive all product off site serving as a staging area. The facilities shall be properly equipped with equipment to load and unload product from delivery trucks, i.e., forklifts and pallet jacks. Installers will enter ship to information into SAP within 5 business days of receipt of the award on projects with receive/deliver and notify UNICOR project management. Offeror (s) will forward ship to information to UNICOR project manager if UNICOR has not provided SAP access. UNICOR expects deliveries to be coordinated with the customer within 2 business days of receipt of the complete order, unless otherwise directed by UNICOR. Installation shall occur within 14 days of receipt of the complete order, unless otherwise directed by UNICOR or the customer. If the successful offeror(s) has not received the complete order by the estimated delivery date, they shall notify the UNICOR Project Manager immediately. Successful offeror (s) will notify the project manager and originating factory of any missing product within 1 business day and any damaged product within 3 business days of receipt. Notification of missing product will include part number and quantity while notification of damaged product will include both shortage sheet and replacement request paperwork. For warehouse deliveries, photographs of packaged product will be taken upon delivery to ensure any damages discovered at site did not occur while in offeror (s) possession. For receive/deliver items, any concealed carrier damage found when unpackaged at site must be photographed prior to installing the product in the designated space at site. Failure to provide photographs in either case will result in actual damages being assessed to offeror (s). For all projects that ship to site, within 5 business days of receipt of the purchase order, the installer shall contact the customer to set up an installation date. The start of the installation should be set to a date within 5 business days of the original estimated delivery date, unless all parties agree to a different time frame. This agreement will be in writing from the customer and sent to project management. If the original estimated delivery date is changed by UNICOR or the customer, offeror will have a reasonable amount of time to re-schedule. For on-site deliveries, all freight must be fully inventoried within 1 business day and fully inspected within 2 business days. UNICOR shall be notified of any damages or discrepancies within those respective time frames. In the event any installer fails to inspect and/or notify the appropriate plant and project manager within the appropriate time frame, all product replacement costs as well as go-back costs shall be at the successful offeror(s) expense. If concealed damages are noted, notification will be sent to the originating plant’s quality assurance manager in writing with photos of the damages, so they can file a freight claim. A copy of this notice and photos shall also be sent to the UNICOR Project Manager. Successful offeror(s) shall note on the bill of lading any visible carrier damages prior to signing for acceptance of the freight unless carriers equipment does not allow for this. The UNICOR Quality Manager at the appropriate factory will issue a Return Authorization or approval of the proper disposition of damaged goods within 10 working days of notification of the damaged product during inspection. UNICOR will provide the necessary contact information for this requirement. UNICOR’s delivery window is 9 am to noon. Offeror(s) may request a specific delivery time, including 8 am, but UNICOR will not be responsible for downtime charges if requested delivery time is not met. Downtime charges may be authorized for shipments arriving after noon if UNICOR has been notified of delayed shipments. Offeror(s) are to provide daily receiving reports of any items received, and notify UNICOR warehouse shipping contacts and quality managers of truck shortages/damages immediately. Project management will be carbon copied for their awareness. Any noticeable damages noted at time of delivery shall be noted on the BOL (bill of lading) or POD (proof of delivery). Shortage sheets shall be provided for each truck no later than 24 hours from the time of delivery. The truck shortage sheet shall provide a full inventory of all missing products on that specific truck that are required for installation. The damage report (punch list) shall be provided no later than 48 hours from the time of delivery and shall provide in detail any damages to product by UNICOR part number. Offeror(s) are to provide photos of the damages unless prohibited by the customer. If photos are prohibited by the customer, the installer shall provide a written explanation to the Project Manager and factory quality assurance manager. Offeror(s) shall report all truck shortages, damage report, and site conditions that may result in an untimely completion of an installation. The inspection, final shortage sheet, and final punch sheet shall be completed prior to the completion of the installation. Offeror (s) will obtain a signed final punch list from the customer showing what items remain to be completed prior to finishing initial install. If this punch list is not signed and sent, offeror (s) will be responsible for any replacement items that should have been noted on the punch list. Offeror(s) shall provide a written trip report to the project manager at the end of each day of the installation. This trip report will be completed following the format in attachment and should include before and after pictures of the site location. For case goods product that is double stacked, offeror(s) shall provide a forklift rental quote to UNICOR if it is utilized for delivery of product directly to the customer’s installation site only. The quote shall be submitted to the UNICOR Project Manager and UNICOR designated email box prior to the completion of the installation and the forklift invoice shall be submitted no later than 5 business days after the completed work. Failure to submit the forklift rental quote within the specified time frame will result in the rental cost being assessed to the successful offeror(s). Costs for damages as a result of the installer or their equipment will be assessed to the installer. UNICOR will not provide reimbursement for any truck rental fees, unless the customer has been quoted and agreed to pay for the rental. The contractor shall be responsible for any damages to the building or property which occurs during delivery and installation. This responsibility will include repairing or replacing any damages. Offerer will have an acceptable solution for repair or replacement in writing with the customer within 10 business days. This agreement must be sent to UNICOR within 10 business days. It is incumbent upon the successful offeror(s) to identify and document any existing damages to the building prior to beginning installation. Offeror(s) will notify the Project Manager of any building damages immediately so that UNICOR may contact the customer. Proper measures shall be taken to ensure material is utilized to protect all floors, carpeted areas, and walls from damages and soil during the delivery and installation. The contractor shall cover the floors with protective materials, i.e., plywood, or similar durable covering. The protective materials shall not be bolted, glued, or stapled to floors, carpeted areas, walls, ceilings, or doors but instead shall either be free-standing or braced to not cause any damages. The contractor shall furnish furniture padding or other acceptable protective materials for the interior of the building, including elevators, door frames, thresholds, and corners. Under no circumstance shall adhesive tape be used to secure the protective padding. The contractor shall establish and maintain this protection throughout the project. The contractor shall at all times keep the job site, including staging and storage areas used by the contractor, free from accumulation of waste material or rubbish. This material shall be removed on a daily basis to eliminate the accumulation of debris. Prior to completion of the work, the contractor shall remove from the site all shipping containers, packing, rubbish, unused materials, and other like material belonging to the contractor or used under the contractor's discretion. Before and after pictures of the staging area and job site will be included in the daily reports. Pricing All pricing shall be based on the US Department of Labor Wage Determination. Some installations require union scale wages. Successful offeror(s) will be responsible for determining when union scale wages are required. Department of Labor Wage Determinations appropriate to each specific project will be determined as a need is identified. All offeror (s) are required to bid on all projects, if a bid is not submitted for a project, we will submit a bid from your company based on the contracted price, including volume discounts. Pricing shall be based on normal workday schedule. Normal is defined as Monday through Friday, 7:00am – 5:00 pm, excluding Federal Holidays. All work performed outside of normal hours will be priced on a case by case basis. This shall be calculated using the contracted prices of each item installed and half of the contracted hourly rate (over-time). Pricing shall be based on a ten (10) workstations per day average. This shall be used as a general way to determine the length of a project. Successful offeror(s) may be required to install non-furniture items as part of our packaged office program to include but not limited to lockers, cabinets, etc. During the quoting phase of delivery orders, installation of packaged office items shall only be quoted in labor/man hours. UNICOR has developed part numbers for installation services. The successful offeror(s) will be required to utilize the following part numbers: INS8058 –Product is delivered directly to the customer’s site unless receive/deliver is quoted on the install statement of work or awarded vendor chooses to have product sent to a receiving warehouse at no cost to UNICOR. If an installer is awarded an order that was originally quoted with receive/deliver charges to a warehouse and a request is made by the customer through the UNICOR Project Manager/installer to change to ship to site, the installer shall provide UNICOR a credit for the difference. However if the product has shipped to the installer’s warehouse, a credit is not required. Offeror(s) shall only utilize the attached Excel spreadsheet and submit pricing based on the product, location of the Installation site on the Regional Map, and scale price quantity range. Offeror(s) shall complete the Excel spreadsheet in its entirety, providing a price for each item. Failure to provide pricing for all items and every region, will result in the offeror(s) no longer being considered for award. (Excel Price Sheet and copy of Regional Map provided in the attachments.) NOTE: UNICOR may add services and/or installation product to the contract at a later date through a modification to the awarded contract. All installers shall perform in a professional manner at all times. Upon completion of the installation, the installer shall walk through with the customer to inspect the product and installation. If the customer does not identify any deficiencies, the installer shall obtain the customer's signature and date on an Acceptance Form. An example of this document will be provided by UNICOR. This acceptance form will clearly note sales order numbers and/or quote numbers of any and all work that was completed. The form will be sent to the project manager as well as the designated acceptance form email inbox that UNICOR will provide upon award. This signed acceptance form shall be attached to the invoice and submitted for payment no later than 5 business days after the customer's signature date. UNICOR shall not be invoiced for installation services until the "Acceptance Form" is attached to the invoice. If UNICOR receives an invoice for installation services without the appropriate "Acceptance Form" attached, the invoice will be considered improper and will be returned. The aging of the invoice will not begin until it is received by UNICOR with the proper documentation. If the customer identifies any deficiency during the walk through, the installer shall verify and note the deficiency on the "Punch List Form" provided by UNICOR. In addition, the installer shall identify any deficiencies and notate on the punch list form as well. The punch list shall be adequately and clearly documented with part numbers to identify any deficiencies. This form shall be signed and dated by the installer and the customer agreeing that the listed items are the only remaining items for completion. This form shall then be provided to the UNICOR Project Manager for processing. Under no circumstance shall an installer have the customer sign an "Acceptance Form" when there are any deficiencies noted. (Copy of acceptance form and punch list provided in the attached documents.) As part of UNICOR’s revenue recognition, offeror(s) will submit a monthly completion report listing all awarded installs along with a percentage of completion noted for each one. Storage of product shall be at no cost to UNICOR or the customer for 30 calendar days. Any costs of storage beyond the 30 calendar days shall be communicated to the Project Manager in writing by the installer. A written quote of storage charges shall be provided to the Project Manager for storage fees at least 2 weeks prior to storage charges beginning. UNICOR shall issue a delivery order or modify an existing delivery order for storage fees within 5 working days of receiving a proper storage quote and the customer’s full financial obligation. If the installer does not provide the storage quote 2 weeks prior, the storage costs will be assed to the installer unless the storage need is discovered in a lesser time frame. Successful Offeror(s) installation locations shall be responsible for tracking the shipping company to determine when product is scheduled to arrive at their location. UNICOR will provide carrier information or transportation logistics website for tracking purposes. UNICOR may require shipper to call in advance of a delivery but will not be required to do so. Installer hours of operation for accepting deliveries at each of the installer locations shall be within normal business hours (8 am to 4 pm). Installer is to notify UNICOR contracting and program management in writing of any changes to hours of operation. If the shipping company attempts a delivery within the defined time period and is unable to do so for any reason, the installer shall be responsible for all costs associated with redelivery fees. Installer is not expected to accept delivery outside the normal delivery time frame described above but may do so if agreed upon by both parties. Go-back installations- Offeror(s) will be required to return to site and complete installations that have punch items or outstanding issues. Go-backs will be scheduled within 2 business days of receipt of the replacement product. Offeror(s) will notify project management of scheduled dates within 24 hours of scheduling. For UNICOR related issues, offeror(s) will receive payment for a maximum of 2 hours travel time each way to return to site. The travel time will be verified utilizing the offeror (s) sub-contractors address provided on the final shortage sheet. Exceptions for remote locations may be made by UNICOR contracting on a case by case basis. Go-back quotes will be submitted to project management and the respective factories for review. Offeror(s) will maintain a tracking system that contains all go-back quotes. All go-back quotes and/or additional work should be completed only after receipt of a purchase order/official authorization from an authorized UNICOR contractor. SAP Access- Offeror(s) will be required to maintain SAP access for national manager, regional managers, and go-back coordinators. Installers will be responsible for utilizing SAP to update ship-to addresses for late product, update warehouse addresses, track product, and obtain UNICOR part numbers for shortage sheets and punch lists. UNICOR will work with offeror(s) to obtain SAP access. Offeror (s) will not be penalized for lack of usage if UNICOR has not yet provided them SAP access. Periodic log-in requirements apply to maintain access. Performance of Work on Government Premises: Current rules and regulations applicable to the premises, where the work will be performed, shall apply to the contractor and its employees while working on the premises. These regulations include, but are not limited to, presenting valid identification for entrance, smoking restrictions and following safety procedures. Successful Offeror(s) will be required to have at a minimum, the following individual positions: National Installation Manager – who shall meet with UNICOR management in Washington, DC unless otherwise directed elsewhere, at a minimum of quarterly. Will work with UNICOR management to resolve installation issues at a high level. Regional Installation Managers- Oversees installation region, regional go-back coordinator, and site installation managers. Coordinates with UNICOR project management and customer for all installations in their region. Regional Site Installation Manager – on site supervisor for projects that require UNICOR contractor to attend and also for high profile locations. Will also complete outstanding go-backs in a timely manner when sub-contractors are not available. Go-back Coordinator- a minimum of 2 staff dedicated to completing and issuing go-back paperwork, tracking project go-back status, and scheduling go-backs. The successful offeror(s) regional managers and go back coordinators are responsible for participating in weekly conference calls to discuss issues with existing and upcoming projects. National and Regional managers may be required to participate in regularly scheduled calls with various UNICOR customers. Sub-contractors will not be considered sufficient to fulfil these positional requirements. Positions must be staffed by full time employees of offeror (s). The installation company shall provide a listing of installers based on the map provided by UNICOR in the attachments. Some work will be required in Alaska, Guam, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, and possibly other OCONUS locations. OCONUS projects will be specified on the SOW and contain additional customer funding in the form of an upcharge to account for OCONUS expenses. The installers must be staffed at a level and physically located sufficiently to provide timely responses to customers in their territories. Successful Offeror(s) shall provide and maintain a detailed list of all installers, subcontractors and ship to locations to include but not limited to: Name Location Phone Number Email Territory to be covered List of all furniture manufacturers they are certified to install This information shall be provided as part of the written proposal, utilizing the attached Excel spreadsheet. This information shall be updated and provided to the Chief of Sales and Program Management bi-annually. Installer is to notify UNICOR Contracting, Chief of Sales and Program management in writing of any changes to the list of installers. UNICOR shall from time to time and without advance notice perform onsite inspections of the installer facilities and/or actual installations. UNICOR may provide a written report to successful Offeror(s) on each of these inspections noting any deficiencies. Installer shall within 5 calendar days of receiving any deficiency report from UNICOR provide a detailed response outlining a corrective action plan. All deficiencies identified by UNICOR shall be corrected within 30 calendar days or less. FPI's intention is to award a multiple award contract. Successful Offeror(s) staff/installers working on job sites shall have a REAL ID and pass security requirements as set forth by the agency of that install job. This may vary based on level of security at site. Extra security requirements should be included on the site survey, which is included with the SOW packet. All staff employed directly under the offeror (s) must complete and pass an NCIC check which will be sent to UNICOR. Forms are provided in the attachments and must be completed and returned upon award. Offeror(s) will be responsible for any charges related to failing to meet security requirements. Transportation: UNICOR OFG is committed to reducing the impact that transportation of goods has in the environment by improving fuel efficiency and decreasing air pollution. OFG embraces good environmental stewardship and thus encourages our suppliers to use EPA approved SmartWay® Transport freight carriers for all deliveries to our offices and factories. Although use of SmartWay® Transport freight carriers will not be mandated in our contracts, the use of such carriers by a company will be considered favorably in cases where two or more respondent companies are equivalent in mandatory criteria. Definitions Acceptance Form – A form that is signed by the installers and customer verifying that the installation is complete and the customer is 100% satisfied with the service. Customer name will be printed and physically signed or electronically certified. Form will include any sales order numbers or quote numbers necessary to determine work completed. Accessories - A variety of products that increase the utility of systems furniture including paper management, tack boards and mobile privacy screens. Case Good Furniture – Manufactured wood and laminate desk-based product made by UNICOR. Carrier Damages – Damages or loss of products by the company that undertakes the professional conveyance of the product. Chargeback- UNICOR will issue a chargeback to the offeror (s) for installation related damages/issues. Chargeback form will be sent to vendor for verification and signed/returned or a request for more evidence may be submitted. Failure to respond to chargeback claim within 30 days will result in chargeback automatically being processed when time period is passed. Contracting Officer – A person with the authority to enter into, administer, and/or terminate contracts and make related determinations and findings. Daily Trip Report- A daily accounting of installation events on-site. It recaps delivery or installation progress and issues. Before and after pictures, pictures of damaged product or site damages, and various other pictures will be included. Attached example form will be utilized by offeror(s). Delivery Order – An order for supplies/ services placed against an established contract or with Government sources. UNICOR’s Contracting Officer will issue a delivery order prior to the start of the installation service. All projects require a delivery order, which authorizes the installation. Under no circumstances shall an offeror perform without a signed and dated delivery order or written (email) authorization from following UNICOR Contracting Officers: Erik Brent Ponder – Brent.Ponder@usdoj.gov Barbara McMaster – Barbara.Mcmaster@usdoj.gov Peyton Perry – Peyton.Perry@usdoj.gov Josh Hummel – Joshua.Hummel2@usdoj.gov Michael Blaisdell- Delivery Tracking- Offeror (s) employees will be responsible for tracking shipments from the factories. UNICOR will either provide access to the transportation logistics company’s tracking site or will provide tracking numbers for other carriers. Electronic Submissions- UNICOR will only accept proposal submissions electronically. It is the vendor’s responsibility to verify if their proposal was received by the UNICOR Contracting Officer. FD – Free Delivery. Created when it is necessary for the factory to replace a damaged, missing, or malfunctioning unit. The factory will ship the product for free. Final Punch List – A list of all the products that is missing or damaged. Both installer and customer shall sign acknowledging the list is accurate and complete. This will be completed during the final walk thru. Final Shortage Sheet – A list of items that are missing from the delivery of the customer’s order. This form shall be submitted to the quality manager and project manager at the conclusion of the installation. Free deliveries will be requested based off of this sheet. All sheets SHALL include UNICOR part numbers as well as all other requested information. Offeror (s) will be responsible for any costs associated with inaccurate submissions. Offeror (s) will utilize the attached form. Go-back- Occurs when installation cannot be completed at the initial install. Go back delivery orders are awarded to the previously awarded installer of the original project. Installer will be required to go back in a timely manner and complete the installation at a later date. Go-back shall occur within 14 days of receipt of all product. INS8058 – Product is delivered directly to the customer’s site unless receive/deliver is notated on the statement of work. Knockdown Product (KD)- product that is flat packed and must be assembled on-site. Invoicing- UNICOR shall not be invoiced for installation services until the job is completed 100%. The acceptance form shall be attached to the invoice. If UNICOR receives an invoice for installation services without the appropriate acceptance form attached, the invoiced will be considered improper and will be returned. Movable/Demountable Walls - versatile components that can be incorporated into a systems environment or can be installed from floor to ceiling to form offices. Options include a variety of finishes, transparent or translucent panel featuring a built in marker boards or slat wall tiles, as well as doors, etc. At this time, only the manufacturer provides installation services for this product. Wall contractor will coordinate with furniture install vendor upon installation award. Package Office- These ancillary items shall have the same receive/inspect/deliver/notification requirements that UNICOR product has. Phased installation- Project may have several sales orders assigned in phases. UNICOR may award future phases to original awarded vendor if necessary. National Installation Manager – Manages and oversee all installations. The manager shall be in constant communication with UNICOR and participate in weekly conference calls concerning current and upcoming installs. This manager shall meet with UNICOR management in Washington, DC, unless otherwise directed elsewhere, at a minimum of quarterly. OCONUS- Outside the forty eight (48) Continental United States. Office Storage Products – Includes a wide variety of products including overhead bins, mobile and stationary pedestals, group storage and filing, storage cabinets, wardrobe/storage cabinets. Product options may include a variety of finishes (paint, laminate, veneer, fabric, etc.). Project Manager- A UNICOR employee that manages customer’s orders/projects from inception to completion of installation as well as non-installed orders. Privacy Screens/Panels - Movable components that come in a variety of sizes and configurations. May be free standing, fastened to work surfaces, or form the supporting structure for work surfaces. Receive/Deliver- Offeror(s) will provide a warehouse address to UNICOR and all product will be shipped to that location. Product will be inspected and photographed to ensure there is no visible damage. Product will then be delivered to project site on scheduled installation date. Pricing will be in man hours. Reconfiguration of a workstation- defined as changing an existing workstation size/location. Regional Map - A map that displays a states’ region of installation. It is used for providing installation prices. (The map provided by UNICOR as part of this solicitation is the only map authorized for use in the solicitation/ contract). Scale Price- Variable prices for inst...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brent Ponder
  - Email: bponder@central.unicor.gov
  - Phone: 87063060001375

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: should include before and after pictures of the site location. For case goods product that is double stacked, offeror(s) shall provide a forklift rental quote to UNICOR if it is utilized for delivery of product directly to the customer’s installation site only. The quote shall be submitted to the UNICOR Project Manager and UNICOR designated email box prior to the completion of the installation and the forklift invoice shall be submitted no later than 5 business days after the completed work. Failure to submit the forklift rental quote within the specified time frame will result in the rental cost being assessed to the successful offeror(s). Costs for damages as a result of the installer or their equipment will be assessed to the installer. UNICOR will not provide reimbursement for any truck rental fees, unless the customer has been quoted and agreed to pay for the rental. The contractor shall be responsible for any damages to the building or property which occurs during delivery and installation. This responsibility will include repairing or replacing any damages. Offerer will have an acceptable solution for repair or replacement in writing with the customer within 10 business days. This agreement must be sent to UNICOR within 10 business days. It is incumbent upon the successful offeror(s) to identify and document any existing damages to the building prior to beginning installation. Offeror(s) will notify the Project Manager of any building damages immediately so that UNICOR may contact the customer. Proper measures shall be taken to ensure material is utilized to protect all floors, carpeted areas, and walls from damages and soil during the delivery and installation. The contractor shall cover the floors with protective materials, i.e., plywood, or similar durable covering. The protective materials shall not be bolted, glued, or stapled to floors, carpeted areas, walls, ceilings, or doors but instead shall either be free-standing or braced to not cause any damages. The contractor shall furnish furniture padding or other acceptable protective materials for the interior of the building, including elevators, door frames, thresholds, and corners. Under no circumstance shall adhesive tape be used to secure the protective padding. The contractor shall establish and maintain this protection throughout the project. The contractor shall at all times keep the job site, including staging and storage areas used by the contractor, free from accumulation of waste material or rubbish. This material shall be removed on a daily basis to eliminate the accumulation of debris. Prior to completion of the work, the contractor shall remove from the site all shipping containers, packing, rubbish, unused materials, and other like material belonging to the contractor or used under the contractor"s discretion. Before and after pictures of the staging area and job site will be included in the daily reports. Pricing All pricing shall be based on the US Department of Labor Wage Determination. Some installations require union scale wages. Successful offeror(s) will be responsible for determining when union scale wages are required. Department of Labor Wage Determinations appropriate to each specific project will be determined as a need is identified. All offeror (s) are required to bid on all projects, if a bid is not submitted for a project, we will submit a bid from your company based on the contracted price, including volume discounts. Pricing shall be based on normal workday schedule. Normal is defined as Monday through Friday, 7:00am – 5:00 pm, excluding Federal Holidays. All work performed outside of normal hours will be priced on a case by case basis. This shall be calculated using the contracted prices of each item installed and half of the contracted hourly rate (over-time). Pricing shall be based on a ten (10) workstations per day average. This shall be used as a general way to determine the length of a project. Successful offeror(s) may be required to install non-furniture items as part of our packaged office program to include but not limited to lockers, cabinets, etc. During the quoting phase of delivery orders, installation of packaged office items shall only be quoted in labor/man hours. UNICOR has developed part numbers for installation services. The successful offeror(s) will be required to utilize the following part numbers: INS8058 –Product is delivered directly to the customer’s site unless receive/deliver is quoted on the install statement of work or awarded vendor chooses to have product sent to a receiving warehouse at no cost to UNICOR. If an installer is awarded an order that was originally quoted with receive/deliver charges to a warehouse and a request is made by the customer through the UNICOR Project Manager/installer to change to ship to site, the installer shall provide UNICOR a credit for the difference. However if the product has shipped to the installer’s warehouse, a credit is not required. Offeror(s) shall only utilize the attached Excel spreadsheet and submit pricing based on the product, location of the Installation site on the Regional Map, and scale price quantity range. Offeror(s) shall complete the Excel spreadsheet in its entirety, providing a price for each item. Failure to provide pricing for all items and every region, will result in the offeror(s) no longer being considered for award. (Excel Price Sheet and copy of Regional Map provided in the attachments.) NOTE: UNICOR may add services and/or installation product to the contract at a later date through a modification to the awarded contract. All installers shall perform in a professional manner at all times. Upon completion of the installation, the installer shall walk through with the customer to inspect the product and installation. If the customer does not identify any deficiencies, the installer shall obtain the customer"s signature and date on an Acceptance Form. An example of this document will be provided by UNICOR. This acceptance form will clearly note sales order numbers and/or quote numbers of any and all work that was completed. The form will be sent to the project manager as well as the designated acceptance form email inbox that UNICOR will provide upon award. This signed acceptance form shall be attached to the invoice and submitted for payment no later than 5 business days after the customer"s signature date. UNICOR shall not be invoiced for installation services until the "Acceptance Form" is attached to the invoice. If UNICOR receives an invoice for installation services without the appropriate "Acceptance Form" attached, the invoice will be considered improper and will be returned. The aging of the invoice will not begin until it is received by UNICOR with the proper documentation. If the customer identifies any deficiency during the walk through, the installer shall verify and note the deficiency on the "Punch List Form" provided by UNICOR. In addition, the installer shall identify any deficiencies and notate on the punch list form as well. The punch list shall be adequately and clearly documented with part numbers to identify any deficiencies. This form shall be signed and dated by the installer and the customer agreeing that the listed items are the only remaining items for completion. This form shall then be provided to the UNICOR Project Manager for processing. Under no circumstance shall an installer have the customer sign an "Acceptance Form" when there are any deficiencies noted. (Copy of acceptance form and punch list provided in the attached documents.) As part of UNICOR’s revenue recognition, offeror(s) will submit a monthly completion report listing all awarded installs along with a percentage of completion noted for each one. Storage of product shall be at no cost to UNICOR or the customer for 30 calendar days. Any costs of storage beyond the 30 calendar days shall be communicated to the Project Manager in writing by the installer. A written quote of storage charges shall be provided to the Project Manager for storage fees at least 2 weeks prior to storage charges beginning. UNICOR shall issue a delivery order or modify an existing delivery order for storage fees within 5 working days of receiving a proper storage quote and the customer’s full financial obligation. If the installer does not provide the storage quote 2 weeks prior, the storage costs will be assed to the installer unless the storage need is discovered in a lesser time frame. Successful Offeror(s) installation locations shall be responsible for tracking the shipping company to determine when product is scheduled to arrive at their location. UNICOR will provide carrier information or transportation logistics website for tracking purposes. UNICOR may require shipper to call in advance of a delivery but will not be required to do so. Installer hours of operation for accepting deliveries at each of the installer locations shall be within normal business hours (8 am to 4 pm). Installer is to notify UNICOR contracting and program management in writing of any changes to hours of operation. If the shipping company attempts a delivery within the defined time period and is unable to do so for any reason, the installer shall be responsible for all costs associated with redelivery fees. Installer is not expected to accept delivery outside the normal delivery time frame described above but may do so if agreed upon by both parties. Go-back installations- Offeror(s) will be required to return to site and complete installations that have punch items or outstanding issues. Go-backs will be scheduled within 2 business days of receipt of the replacement product. Offeror(s) will notify project management of scheduled dates within 24 hours of scheduling. For UNICOR related issues, offeror(s) will receive payment for a maximum of 2 hours travel time each way to return to site. The travel time will be verified utilizing the offeror (s) sub-contractors address provided on the final shortage sheet. Exceptions for remote locations may be made by UNICOR contracting on a case by case basis. Go-back quotes will be submitted to project management and the respective factories for review. Offeror(s) will maintain a tracking system that contains all go-back quotes. All go-back quotes and/or additional work should be completed only after receipt of a purchase order/official authorization from an authorized UNICOR contractor. SAP Access- Offeror(s) will be required to maintain SAP access for national manager, regional managers, and go-back coordinators. Installers will be responsible for utilizing SAP to update ship-to addresses for late product, update warehouse addresses, track product, and obtain UNICOR part numbers for shortage sheets and punch lists. UNICOR will work with offeror(s) to obtain SAP access. Offeror (s) will not be penalized for lack of usage if UNICOR has not yet provided them SAP access. Periodic log-in requirements apply to maintain access. Performance of Work on Government Premises: Current rules and regulations applicable to the premises, where the work will be performed, shall apply to the contractor and its employees while working on the premises. These regulations include, but are not limited to, presenting valid identification for entrance, smoking restrictions and following safety procedures. Successful Offeror(s) will be required to have at a minimum, the following individual positions: National Installation Manager – who shall meet with UNICOR management in Washington, DC unless otherwise directed elsewhere, at a minimum of quarterly. Will work with UNICOR management to resolve installation issues at a high level. Regional Installation Managers- Oversees installation region, regional go-back coordinator, and site installation managers. Coordinates with UNICOR project management and customer for all installations in their region. Regional Site Installation Manager – on site supervisor for projects that require UNICOR contractor to attend and also for high profile locations. Will also complete outstanding go-backs in a timely manner when sub-contractors are not available. Go-back Coordinator- a minimum of 2 staff dedicated to completing and issuing go-back paperwork, tracking project go-back status, and scheduling go-backs. The successful offeror(s) regional managers and go back coordinators are responsible for participating in weekly conference calls to discuss issues with existing and upcoming projects. National and Regional managers may be required to participate in regularly scheduled calls with various UNICOR customers. Sub-contractors will not be considered sufficient to fulfil these positional requirements. Positions must be staffed by full time employees of offeror (s). The installation company shall provide a listing of installers based on the map provided by UNICOR in the attachments. Some work will be required in Alaska, Guam, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, and possibly other OCONUS locations. OCONUS projects will be specified on the SOW and contain additional customer funding in the form of an upcharge to account for OCONUS expenses. The installers must be staffed at a level and physically located sufficiently to provide timely responses to customers in their territories. Successful Offeror(s) shall provide and maintain a detailed list of all installers, subcontractors and ship to locations to include but not limited to: Name Location Phone Number Email Territory to be covered List of all furniture manufacturers they are certified to install This information shall be provided as part of the written proposal, utilizing the attached Excel spreadsheet. This information shall be updated and provided to the Chief of Sales and Program Management bi-annually. Installer is to notify UNICOR Contracting, Chief of Sales and Program management in writing of any changes to the list of installers. UNICOR shall from time to time and without advance notice perform onsite inspections of the installer facilities and/or actual installations. UNICOR may provide a written report to successful Offeror(s) on each of these inspections noting any deficiencies. Installer shall within 5 calendar days of receiving any deficiency report from UNICOR provide a detailed response outlining a corrective action plan. All deficiencies identified by UNICOR shall be corrected within 30 calendar days or less. FPI"s intention is to award a multiple award contract. Successful Offeror(s) staff/installers working on job sites shall have a REAL ID and pass security requirements as set forth by the agency of that install job. This may vary based on level of security at site. Extra security requirements should be included on the site survey, which is included with the SOW packet. All staff employed directly under the offeror (s) must complete and pass an NCIC check which will be sent to UNICOR. Forms are provided in the attachments and must be completed and returned upon award. Offeror(s) will be responsible for any charges related to failing to meet security requirements. Transportation: UNICOR OFG is committed to reducing the impact that transportation of goods has in the environment by improving fuel efficiency and decreasing air pollution. OFG embraces good environmental stewardship and thus encourages our suppliers to use EPA approved SmartWay® Transport freight carriers for all deliveries to our offices and factories. Although use of SmartWay® Transport freight carriers will not be mandated in our contracts, the use of such carriers by a company will be considered favorably in cases where two or more respondent companies are equivalent in mandatory criteria. Definitions Acceptance Form – A form that is signed by the installers and customer verifying that the installation is complete and the customer is 100% satisfied with the service. Customer name will be printed and physically signed or electronically certified. Form will include any sales order numbers or quote numbers necessary to determine work completed. Accessories - A variety of products that increase the utility of systems furniture including paper management, tack boards and mobile privacy screens. Case Good Furniture – Manufactured wood and laminate desk-based product made by UNICOR. Carrier Damages – Damages or loss of products by the company that undertakes the professional conveyance of the product. Chargeback- UNICOR will issue a chargeback to the offeror (s) for installation related damages/issues. Chargeback form will be sent to vendor for verification and signed/returned or a request for more evidence may be submitted. Failure to respond to chargeback claim within 30 days will result in chargeback automatically being processed when time period is passed. Contracting Officer – A person with the authority to enter into, administer, and/or terminate contracts and make related determinations and findings. Daily Trip Report- A daily accounting of installation events on-site. It recaps delivery or installation progress and issues. Before and after pictures, pictures of damaged product or site damages, and various other pictures will be included. Attached example form will be utilized by offeror(s). Delivery Order – An order for supplies/ services placed against an established contract or with Government sources. UNICOR’s Contracting Officer will issue a delivery order prior to the start of the installation service. All projects require a delivery order, which authorizes the installation. Under no circumstances shall an offeror perform without a signed and dated delivery order or written (email) authorization from following UNICOR Contracting Officers: Erik Brent Ponder – Brent.Ponder@usdoj.gov Barbara McMaster – Barbara.Mcmaster@usdoj.gov Peyton Perry – Peyton.Perry@usdoj.gov Josh Hummel – Joshua.Hummel2@usdoj.gov Michael Blaisdell- Delivery Tracking- Offeror (s) employees will be responsible for tracking shipments from the factories. UNICOR will either provide access to the transportation logistics company’s tracking site or will provide tracking numbers for other carriers. Electronic Submissions- UNICOR will only accept proposal submissions electronically. It is the vendor’s responsibility to verify if their proposal was received by the UNICOR Contracting Officer. FD – Free Delivery. Created when it is necessary for the factory to replace a damaged, missing, or malfunctioning unit. The factory will ship the product for free. Final Punch List – A list of all the products that is missing or damaged. Both installer and customer shall sign acknowledging the list is accurate and complete. This will be completed during the final walk thru. Final Shortage Sheet – A list of items that are missing from the delivery of the customer’s order. This form shall be submitted to the quality manager and project manager at the conclusion of the installation. Free deliveries will be requested based off of this sheet. All sheets SHALL include UNICOR part numbers as well as all other requested information. Offeror (s) will be responsible for any costs associated with inaccurate submissions. Offeror (s) will utilize the attached form. Go-back- Occurs when installation cannot be completed at the initial install. Go back delivery orders are awarded to the previously awarded installer of the original project. Installer will be required to go back in a timely manner and complete the installation at a later date. Go-back shall occur within 14 days of receipt of all product. INS8058 – Product is delivered directly to the customer’s site unless receive/deliver is notated on the statement of work. Knockdown Product (KD)- product that is flat packed and must be assembled on-site. Invoicing- UNICOR shall not be invoiced for installation services until the job is completed 100%. The acceptance form shall be attached to the invoice. If UNICOR receives an invoice for installation services without the appropriate acceptance form attached, the invoiced will be considered improper and will be returned. Movable/Demountable Walls - versatile components that can be incorporated into a systems environment or can be installed from floor to ceiling to form offices. Options include a variety of finishes, transparent or translucent panel featuring a built in marker boards or slat wall tiles, as well as doors, etc. At this time, only the manufacturer provides installation services for this product. Wall contractor will coordinate with furniture install vendor upon installation award. Package Office- These ancillary items shall have the same receive/inspect/deliver/notification requirements that UNICOR product has. Phased installation- Project may have several sales orders assigned in phases. UNICOR may award future phases to original awarded vendor if necessary. National Installation Manager – Manages and oversee all installations. The manager shall be in constant communication with UNICOR and participate in weekly conference calls concerning current and upcoming installs. This manager shall meet with UNICOR management in Washington, DC, unless otherwise directed elsewhere, at a minimum of quarterly. OCONUS- Outside the forty eight (48) Continental United States. Office Storage Products – Includes a wide variety of products including overhead bins, mobile and stationary pedestals, group storage and filing, storage cabinets, wardrobe/storage cabinets. Product options may include a variety of finishes (paint, laminate, veneer, fabric, etc.). Project Manager- A UNICOR employee that manages customer’s orders/projects from inception to completion of installation as well as non-installed orders. Privacy Screens/Panels - Movable components that come in a variety of sizes and configurations. May be free standing, fastened to work surfaces, or form the supporting structure for work surfaces. Receive/Deliver- Offeror(s) will provide a warehouse address to UNICOR and all product will be shipped to that location. Product will be inspected and photographed to ensure there is no visible damage. Product will then be delivered to project site on scheduled installation date. Pricing will be in man hours. Reconfiguration of a workstation- defined as changing an existing workstation size/location. Regional Map - A map that displays a states’ region of installation. It is used for providing installation prices. (The map provided by UNICOR as part of this solicitation is the only map authorized for use in the solicitation/ contract). Scale Price- Variable prices for inst

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/69ec264c37ee4b9baa68c3f48d3f70d2/view)