---
layout: default
title: Replace and Repair Stairwells at FCC Coleman, Florida
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f18a9620a84541c597d90fadbddb069e
---

# Replace and Repair Stairwells at FCC Coleman, Florida

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-06 13:49:18.221-05
- Solicitation Number: 15B30226PR000130

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE. THIS NOTICE IS ISSUED FOR MARKET RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION OR INVITATION FOR OFFERORS TO SUBMIT BIDS. A PRE-SOLICITATION SYNOPSIS OF THE PROPOSED CONTRACT ACTION WILL BE POSTED AT A LATER DATE THAT WILL PROVIDE INSTRUCTIONS FOR BIDDERS TO RESPOND TO THIS OPPORTUNITY. The Federal Bureau of Prisons (FBOP) anticipates the need for a firm-fixed-price construction contract for a project entitled “Replace and Repair Stairwells” at the Federal Correctional Complex (FCC) located in Coleman, Florida. Interested small business contractors are requested to respond to this notice by filling out and emailing completed questionnaire attachment (see attached) to Julie Bergami at jbergami@bop.gov. Responses must be received no later than March 18, 2026. Interested vendors must also add their names to the Interested Vendors List for this posting (must be logged-in to your vendor account). FCC Coleman Medium and Low security institutions were constructed approximately 31 years ago. Since then, the coastal elements have deteriorated the external egress stairs to the housing units. Some of the stairwells have been barricaded and shut down due to the repairs needed. The Contractor shall repair, replace, and paint four stairwells at the Low Institution (A&B Unit) and six stairwells at the Medium Institution (A, B, C Units) to include the installation of security fencing between (A, B, C,) Units at the Medium Institution. The Contractor shall evaluate and repair and/or replace any element of the stairwell that is not structurally sound with the same type of ASTM rated original material such as but not limited to I beams, channel iron, handrail, rectangular tubing, etc. It has been observed that approximately 50% of the structure at the Medium Institution has failed and 50% of the structure at the Low Institution has failed. Access to the attachments will require an active https://sam.gov vendor registration (login). These documents are controlled documents in SAM.gov and require approval in SAM.gov to access them. The controlled documents will not be emailed. If you encounter problems accessing these documents, please contact the Federal Service Desk at 866-606-8220. Interested bidders must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://sam.gov. Pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Deviation 36.101-3, the estimated magnitude of this project is between $1,000,000 and $3,000,000. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code applicable to this requirement is 238190 (Other Foundation, Structure, and Building Exterior Contractors) with a corresponding small business size standard of $19 million. The FBOP is seeking small business contractors for this project. Your business size metrics information entered in your https://sam.gov registration must be less than or equal to the small business size standard specified above (see provision 52.219-1 in the Representations & Certifications section of your https://sam.gov registration). Interested small business contractors are requested to respond to this notice by filling out and emailing completed questionnaire attachment (see attached) to Julie Bergami at jbergami@bop.gov. Responses must be received no later than March 18, 2026. Interested contractors are also requested to respond to this notice by adding their business names to the Interested Vendors List for this posting in https://sam.gov (must be logged in to your vendor account). Please add your business name only if you are interested in submitting a bid as a Prime contractor and are capable and eligible to compete for and perform this project. This notice is intended only for those who would be entering into a Prime contract with the FBOP for the entirety of the project. The FBOP does not award subcontracts. Subcontracts (if applicable/necessary) are the responsibility of the Prime contractor. The FBOP has no privity of contract with subcontractors. The pre-solicitation synopsis (to be posted at a later date) will include further instructions for responding to this opportunity. Interested bidders are advised to continuously monitor https://sam.gov for all future updates.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Julie Bergami
  - Email: jbergami@bop.gov
  - Phone: 2025986019

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: attached) to Julie Bergami at jbergami@bop.gov. Responses must be received no later than March 18, 2026. Interested vendors must also add their names to the Interested Vendors List for this posting (must be logged-in to your vendor account). FCC Coleman Medium and Low security institutions were constructed approximately 31 years ago. Since then, the coastal elements have deteriorated the external egress stairs to the housing units. Some of the stairwells have been barricaded and shut down due to the repairs needed. The Contractor shall repair, replace, and paint four stairwells at the Low Institution (A&B Unit) and six stairwells at the Medium Institution (A, B, C Units) to include the installation of security fencing between (A, B, C,) Units at the Medium Institution. The Contractor shall evaluate and repair and/or replace any element of the stairwell that is not structurally sound with the same type of ASTM rated original material such as but not limited to I beams, channel iron, handrail, rectangular tubing, etc. It has been observed that approximately 50% of the structure at the Medium Institution has failed and 50% of the structure at the Low Institution has failed. Access to the attachments will require an active https://sam.gov vendor registration (login). These documents are controlled documents in SAM.gov and require approval in SAM.gov to access them. The controlled documents will not be emailed. If you encounter problems accessing these documents, please contact the Federal Service Desk at 866-606-8220. Interested bidders must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://sam.gov. Pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Deviation 36.101-3, the estimated magnitude of this project is between $1,000,000 and $3,000,000. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code applicable to this requirement is 238190 (Other Foundation, Structure, and Building Exterior Contractors) with a corresponding small business size standard of $19 million. The FBOP is seeking small business contractors for this project. Your business size metrics information entered in your https://sam.gov registration must be less than or equal to the small business size standard specified above (see provision 52.219-1 in the Representations & Certifications section of your https://sam.gov registration). Interested small business contractors are requested to respond to this notice by filling out and emailing completed questionnaire attachment (see attached) to Julie Bergami at jbergami@bop.gov. Responses must be received no later than March 18, 2026. Interested contractors are also requested to respond to this notice by adding their business names to the Interested Vendors List for this posting in https://sam.gov (must be logged in to your vendor account). Please add your business name only if you are interested in submitting a bid as a Prime contractor and are capable and eligible to compete for and perform this project. This notice is intended only for those who would be entering into a Prime contract with the FBOP for the entirety of the project. The FBOP does not award subcontracts. Subcontracts (if applicable/necessary) are the responsibility of the Prime contractor. The FBOP has no privity of contract with subcontractors. The pre-solicitation synopsis (to be posted at a later date) will include further instructions for responding to this opportunity. Interested bidders are advised to continuously monitor https://sam.gov for all future updates

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f18a9620a84541c597d90fadbddb069e/view)