---
layout: default
title: Ft. Stewart Base Operation Support Services - Amended
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b3fce833b3504970a1cf1cc0372deded
---

# Ft. Stewart Base Operation Support Services - Amended

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-02 11:22:38.341-04
- Solicitation Number: W5168W24R0018

## Summary

Update 1 May 2024: Set-aside has not been determined. Market Research is still in progress. Solicitation release anticipated for end of August. Update 1 June 2024: Set-aside has not been determined. Market Research is still in progress. Solicitation release anticipated for mid-September. 1 July 2024: Set-aside has not been determined. Market Research is still in progress. Solicitation release anticipated for mid-October. 1 August 2024: Set-aside has not been determined. Market Research is still in progress. Solicitation release anticipated for late October. 3 September 2024: Set-aside has not been determined. Market Research is still in progress. Solicitation release anticipated for early November. 3 October 2024: Set-aside has not been determined. Market Research is still in progress. Solicitation release anticipated for mid-December. 1 January 2025: Set-aside has not been determined. Market Research is still in progress. Solicitation release anticipated for mid-February or sooner. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED ***Secondary Point of Contact is now: jonathon.r.hecker.civ@army.mil 6 February 2025: Market Research is in progress, nearing completion. After revisions and re-evaluation of the timeline, solicitation release is anticipated in the beginning of July, 2025. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED 7 March 2025: Market Research is in progress. After revisions and re-evaluation of the timeline, solicitation release is anticipated in the beginning of August, 2025. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED 8 April 2025: Market Research is nearing completion as well as several other prelimary steps. Solicitation release is still anticipated in August, 2025. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED 7 May 2025: Market Research is in review. Solicitation release is still anticipated in August, 2025. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED June 2025: Set-aside has not been determined, but will be decided soon. An update will be posted when the set-aside is finalized. Solicitation release anticipated for end of August. 10 July 2025: Market Research is still in review. The draft solicitation release is anticipated in August, 2025. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED 1 August 2025: Set-Aside Updated. The draft solicitation release is anticipated in September, 2025. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED 4 September 2025: The solicitation release is anticipated to be posted in 30-60 days. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED 24 November 2025: The solicitation release is anticipated to be posted in February 2026. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED 05 January 2026: The solicitation release is anticipated to be posted in February 2026. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED 03 February 2026: The solicitation release is anticipated to be posted in March 2026. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED 11 March 2026: The solicitation release is anticipated to be posted in March 2026. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED 02 April 2026: The solicitation is anticipated to be released within in the next 30 to 60 days, to include the site visit information. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS Base Operation Support Services THIS IS AN AMENDMENT TO THE ORIGINAL SSS POSTED ON 06/21/2023 UNDER NOTICE ID #W5168W23R0019 TO SAM.GOV. THIS AMENDMENT IS TO CLARIFY THAT THERE ARE THREE CONTRACTS BEING CONSIDERED FOR CONSOLIDATION INTO THE OVERALL BASOPS REQUIREMENT, WHICH WAS PREVIOUSLY IDENTIFIED IN THE DRAFT PWS POSTED UNDER NOTICE ID #W5168W23R0019. This is a Sources Sought Synopsis (SSS) ONLY. The United States (U.S.) Government desires to procure base operations (BASOPS) support services at the U.S. Army Garrison Fort Stewart, Liberty County, Georgia, limited to 100% SB set-aside or further set-aside for socioeconomic categories based upon market research, to identify their capabilities in meeting the requirement at a fair market price. This notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes – it does not constitute a Request for Quotation (RFQ), Invitation for Bid (IFB), or Request for Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFQ, IFB or RFP in the future. This notice does not commit the U.S. Government to contract for any supply or service. Further, the U.S. Government is not seeking quotes, bids or proposals at this time and will not accept unsolicited proposals in response to this sources sought synopsis. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this notice. Submittals will not be returned to the responder. Not responding to this notice does not preclude participation in any future RFQ, IFB, or RFP, if any is issued. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the Government wide Point of Entry (GPE). It is the responsibility of potential offerors to monitor the GPE for additional information pertaining to this requirement. The GPE is located at https://sam.gov. BACKGROUND: A continuing need is anticipated for base operations support services at the U.S. Army Garrison Fort Stewart, Liberty County, Georgia. Attached you will find the draft Performance Work Statement (PWS). This is a consolidation of three additional requirements into the overall BASOPS contract. All current contracts are identified in the paragraph below. The Government currently contracts for these services under contract W9124M20D0001 (BASOPS), W9124M23P0089 (Scales Inspection and Maintenance), W9124M21P0040 (Elevator Maintenance and Repair) and W9124M20P0052 (Grease Traps). The contractor shall provide quality base operation support services with flexible, efficient and cost effective service. The services outlined encompasses the following: Unaccompanied Housing Services, Facilities Engineering Services Management, Solid Waste Management Services, Grounds Maintenance, Snow and Ice Removal, Facility Maintenance, Maintenance Surfaced and Unsurfaced, Pest Management Services, Scales Inspection and Maintenance, Grease Traps, and Elevator Maintenance and Repair. The NAICS code assigned to this acquisition is 561210, Facilities Support Services, with a corresponding size standard of $47.0M. The Contractor shall provide all supervision, labor, personnel, equipment, materials, and supplies, with the exception of Government Furnished Property (GFP), to perform activities that comprise base operations support services. PURPOSE OF THIS SOURCES SOUGHT: To request information on capabilities of potential offerors to provide the services described herein. Electronic submissions only: Responses are due no later than 12:00pm CST on 2 February 2024 to facilitate planning and ensure maximum consideration. The email attachments cannot exceed 9 megabytes (MB) due to the Government’s email system restrictions. DO NOT SEND ZIPPED files as the Government’s network will remove all zipped files. Interested businesses should provide a brief capability statement package (limited to no more than 30 pages, single spaced, and 12 font size minimum) demonstrating specific capability in reference to this requirement. The Government prefers that your firm submits its response in Microsoft Word, Adobe Acrobat, or a combination of the two and the document(s) must be searchable. Include: Whether the experience has been as a prime contractor or subcontractor on similar requirements (include the services provided, the number of facilities involved, and any other relevant information you deem applicable). Email the capability package to: Robert Kersh - Contract Specialist at email: robert.e.kersh3.civ@army.mil Samuel Colton - Contracting Officer at email: samuel.j.colton.civ@army.mil The email subject line should include: The Firm’s Name, “Response to the Sources Sought Synopsis for the BASOPS at Ft. Stewart”, W5168W24R0018. **Note: the location(s) and corresponding solicitation number that you are responding to must be identified on the subject line. In response to this sources sought, please provide: 1. A company’s profile must include: The name of the firm, point of contact, phone number, email address, number of employees, annual revenue history, CAGE code, and UEI (Unique Entity Identifier). Respondents must also indicate small business certification status for example, Small Business (SB), Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB), 8(a), Economically Disadvantaged Woman Owned SB (EDWOSB), WOSB, HUBZone, or Service Disabled Veteran Owned SB (SDVOSB). 2. Respond to: What fundamental tasks you believe need to be performed to successfully accomplish the base operation support services? In essence, what primary tasks should be used for determining minimum capability to provide these services? 3. Whether your firm is interested in competing for this requirement as a prime contractor. If you are subcontracting any of the services out, contemplating a Joint Venture, and/or creating a teaming arrangement, please provide the name of these companies and what work they will be performing, if available. Please provide your company’s specific experience in base operation support services and providing comparable services. Ensure the information is in sufficiently detailed regarding previous experience in managing base operation support services (indicate whether the experience has been as a prime contractor or subcontractor) on similar requirements (include the services provided, the number of facilities involved, and any other relevant information you deem applicable). If applicable, please provide the same experience information from any subcontracts, Joint Venture, and/or teaming partners you may propose with. 4.What percentage of work will be performed by the small business prime contractor and all similarly situated entity subcontractors. “Note: In accordance with FAR 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (CLASS DEVIATION 2021-O0008): “Similarly situated entity” means a first-tier subcontractor, including an independent contractor, that has the same small business program status as that which qualified the prime contractor for the award and that is considered small for the NAICS code the prime contractor assigned to the subcontract the subcontractor will perform. An example of a similarly situated entity is a first-tier subcontractor that is a HUBZone small business concern for a HUBZone set-aside. In addition, the Contractor agrees in performance of a contract for services, it will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding certain other direct costs and certain work performed outside the United States, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. “ 5. Type(s)/certifications(s) of proposed subcontractors (for example, SDB, 8(a), HUBZone, SDVOSB, or WOSB). 6. Information on the financial capacity of your business to meet financial obligations (i.e. payroll, payment of subcontractors, etc.). 7. How the Army can best structure these contract requirements to facilitate competition by and among small business concerns. 8. Identify any condition or action that may have the effect of unnecessarily restricting competition with respect to this acquisition. Please contact the MICC Advocate for Competition, Scott Kukes at email: scott.d.kukes.civ@army.mil or 210-466-3015, if you believe that this action is unreasonably restricting competition. Include the subject of the acquisition, this announcement, and the MICC POC information from the notice on https://sam.gov. Provide the specific aspects that unreasonably restrict competition and the rationale for such conclusion.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jonathon Hecker
  - Email: jonathon.r.hecker.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Sam Colton
  - Email: samuel.j.colton.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b3fce833b3504970a1cf1cc0372deded/view)