---
layout: default
title: Solicitation: Toolkits, Troop Seats - NSN 2540-01-497-3374
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 1ddc8e9e74d14d5491117f2519e5280c
---

# Solicitation: Toolkits, Troop Seats - NSN 2540-01-497-3374

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 16:36:35.395-04
- Solicitation Number: W912CH26Q0016

## Summary

NOTICE TO OFFERORS: Effective 01 February 2026, in response to the President's Executive Order, Restoring Common Sense to Federal Procurement, the Federal government is initiating the first-ever comprehensive overhaul of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). This initiative, known as the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO), aims to simplify federal procurement by returning the FAR to its statutory roots, rewriting it in plain language. In some cases FAR clauses will be referred to as RFO clauses. The U.S. Army Contracting Command Detroit Arsenal (ACC-DTA) intends to issue a solicitation resulting in the award of a single delivery contract for the estimated supplies specified. The resulting contract will establish pricing to be utilized through the issuance of delivery orders for the quantities and ordering period stated in the schedule. For further guidance, see Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Clauses 52.216-18: Ordering and 52.216-20: Definite Quantity. Description of Procurement: The Troop Seat Toolkit is designed for use in the Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles (FMTV), specifically the 5-ton variants. It includes seating components essential for safely transporting soldiers and their gear during military operations. Installed within the vehicle, the troop seats provide a secure and comfortable space for personnel while on the move. Their primary purpose is to enhance the mobility of troops, ensuring they can be deployed quickly and efficiently in various operational environments. By accommodating soldiers safely, the troop seat kit contributes to the overall effectiveness and readiness of the FMTV during missions. NOUN: KITS, TROOP SEAT; NSN: 2540-01-497-3374; PART Number: 57K2015; NAICS: 336360 Type of Contract: Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Definite Delivery; Period of Performance: 12-Month, Plus one (1) 12-Month Option Anticipated Initial Delivery Order Quantity: 3 EA; 100% Basic Option Quantity: 3 Each Technical Data Package (TDP): Distribution Level: D (Export Controlled): The TDP is uploaded with this solicitation. The TDP was approved on 26 June 2025 and contains a Qualified Product List (QPL) that applies to all components/subcomponents. A link to the TDP will be available on sam.gov when the solicitation is released. See Section E. Joint Certification Program (EXPORT CONTROL): Offerors must be certified under the United States/Canada Joint Certification Program (JCP) (http://www.dla.mil/HQ/InformationOperations/Offers/Products/LogisticsApplications/JCP.aspx ) to be granted access to the TDP for the solicitation. Offerors must have a current DD 2345, Militarily Critical Technical Data Agreement on file with Defense Logistics Information Service (DLIS). The JCP has transitioned to an online application process. The program no longer accepts hard copy application submitted by postal service nor commercial delivery services nor submitted by FAX. An application must be completed online through the JCP Portal. In order to receive the TDP, offerors will also need to have access to the System for Award Management (SAM). If multiple individuals in the contractor's organization need access to the TDP for a solicitation and an explicit access request is required, each individual must submit an explicit access request to be granted approval to view the TDP. Those same individuals must be registered in SAM. Offerors may register via the internet at https://sam.gov/content/home . For help registering your entity and FAQs please visit the following link: HYPERLINK "https://sam.gov/content/help"https://sam.gov/content/help Source Controlled Manufactured Parts List: Although the TDP for the overall Kit is competitive, there are source-controlled parts where vendors must go through the sources to obtain the components or go through the process of becoming an approved source. The Technical Data Package (TDP) specifies two (2) components that are source-controlled by the manufacturer, PEI Genesis. a. Part Number: 12258939-1 (Electrical Connector) b. Part Number: 12258939-2 (Electrical Connector) All offerors shall contact PEI Genesis directly to establish a potential source of supply for these items. As a material component of the proposal, the offeror must submit a formal declaration confirming that contact has been made and that PEI Genesis has provided assurance that it will supply the aforementioned parts to the offeror, should the offeror be selected as the awardee for this action. If vendors choose to not go through the approved sources above, they must confirm that they will go through the process of becoming an approved source. To become an approved source, you would need to submit a SAR package. This link below will allow you to go through the process to become one. https://tacom.army.mil/ombudsman/sap. Offeror must comply with Revolutionary Far Overhaul (RFO) 52.246-15: Certificate of Conformance and RFO Clause 52.246-11: Higher Level Contract Quality System, showing that they are ISO 9001:2015 Compliant. See Sections C & E. MIL-STD 1916 applies to this Procurement. See Section E Inspection/Acceptance is Origin, see Section C. All shipments will be F.O.B. Destination within 180 days after award. See Section F. Proposal must be submitted via email to the Contract Specialist, Meika Cole, meika.j.cole.civ@army.mil, with the subject header: "Proposal Submission W912CH-26-Q-0016 (Company Name)" electronically. Once a proposal is received, the Contract Specialist will reply to the respective offerors stating receipt of the proposal's submission.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Meika Cole
  - Email: meika.j.cole.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5715889048

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1ddc8e9e74d14d5491117f2519e5280c/view)