---
layout: default
title: WINDSHIELD WIPER ASSEMBLY
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 232a76471cb54a5f8f15b7226e930ddc
---

# WINDSHIELD WIPER ASSEMBLY

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 10:22:08.39-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z04026Q50229B00

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items, prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6 of the FAR Part 12 - Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services | Acquisition.GOV and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 2126406B27DSCA041 applies and is used as a Request For Quote (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2024-05, dated 22 May 2024. It is anticipated that a Best Value purchase order shall be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which if timely received, shall be considered by this agency. Best Value will be evaluated by who can provide the complete requirement, who meets our required time frame and by price. All vendors providing a quotation must either have an active SAM.Gov registration or provide proof they have submitted their entity for registration. Payments are NET 30 and will be made in accordance with the FAR 52.232-25 Prompt payment clause 52.232-25 Prompt Payment. | Acquisition.GOV. The U.S. Coast Guard, Surface Forces Logistics Center (SFLC) intends to award a Firm Fixed Price Purchase Order. The United States Coast Guard Surface Forces Logistics Center has a requirement for the following items: Vendor Information: Entity Name Entity Unique Entity ID Entity Address Entity POC Entity Phone Number POC Email Address Vendor shall provide: ITEM 1: RING, RETAINING DESCRIPTION: WINDSHIELD WIPER ASSEMBLY TECHNICAL SPECIALIST: BENJAMIN ROSEQUIST Benjamin.L.Rosequist@uscg.mil P/N: IM-1MLB-480-101 WINDSHIELD WIPER AS WYNN TYPE "C" STRAIGHT LINE SINGLE BLADED HEAVY DUTY MARINE WIPER COMPLETE WITH AREMS AND BLADES. LESS MOTOR AND CONTROLLER. NONSUPPLY ITEMS AND WYNN TYPE "C" STRAIGHT LINE SPECIAL FEATURES STROKE 480MM (19 INCHES)CASE 762MM (30 INCHES)BLADE 350MM (14 INCHES)ARM 250MM (10 INCHES) 30 INCH WIPERS FOR 47 FT MLB COAST GUARD VESSELS INDIVIDUAL PACKAGE IN ACCORDANCE WITH MIL-STD- 2073-1E METHOD 10, CUSHIONING MATERIALS, DUNNAGE, BLOCKING AND BRACING SHALL BE APPLIED AS REQUIRED TO PROTECT THE ITEMS AND THE ENCLOSED MEDIA AND RESTRICT THE MOVEMENT OF THE ITEM WITHIN THE CONTAINER. COMMERICAL PACKAGING ACCPETABLE WHICH PROTECTS THE ITEM THROUGH MULTIPLE SHIPMENTS AND STORAGE. MULTIPACK IS ACCEPTABLE, WHERE APPLICABLE, TIEMS INDIVIDUALLY PACKAGED, SHIPPED IN SAME CONTAINER. MARKINGS: IAW MIL-STD-129R AND BAR CODED IAW ISO/IEC-16388-2007, CODE 39 SYMBOLOGY. MFG NAME: IN-MAR SYSTEMS, LLC PART_NBR: IM-1MLB-480-101 NSN: 2090 01-500-6599 CAGE CODE/PART NUMBER: IM-1MLB-480-101 Quantity: 15 AY Unit Price: Line Total: Estimated Delivery Date: * Delivery address and terms stated below. * *Any proposed substitutions must be accompanied by a Specification Sheet to undergo evaluation by the requiring officials for compatibility to the Requirement. * *All Deliveries are Required to by 05/04/2027* ** Total cost shall have delivery and any Freight charges included. ** ** SHIPPING: FOB DESTINATION REQUIRED. ** Preparation For Delivery All material must be shipped to U.S. Coast Guard Surface Forces Logistics Center, 2401 Hawkins Point Road, Receiving Room- BLDG 88, Baltimore, MD, 21226 for this Purchase Order. Material must be accompanied by an itemized packaging list securely attached to the outside of the shipment. All packing lists shall cite the Purchase Order Number with the packaging in such a manner to ensure identification of the material provided. Material shall be packed for shipment using Military Packaging, for examples in packaging please reference MIL-STD-2073-1E. Material must be packaged in such a manner as to afford adequate protection to the item against corrosion, deterioration, and physical damage during shipment from the supply course to Surface Forces Logistics Center locations. Packaging shall provide adequate protection for warehouse storage and shipments from the warehouse. All material shall be marked in accordance with MIL-STD-129R and barcoded unless otherwise authorized by the Contracting Officer. All material will have the Purchase Order Number, National Stock Number (if applicable), Vendor name and Part Number clearly marked on the exterior of all material shipped. All Deliveries are to be made Monday through Friday between the hours of 7:00AM to 1:00PM. Please make sure that any changes in Delivery Timeframes or tracking information get sent to Charmane Jacobs at Charmane.D.Jacobs@uscg.mil Invoicing In IPP It is a requirement that all invoicing for Purchase Orders will now be entered and processed through https://www.ipp.gov. All invoices must contain the following information: CG Purchase Order number, vendor’s invoice number, cage number, PO item number, description of supplies or services, unit prices and extended totals (INVOICES FOR PURCHASE ORDERS AWARDED BY SURFACE FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER, BALTIMORE ARE TO BE SUMITTED AS NON PO IN IPP). Shipping costs will be indicated as a separate line item on the invoice (if applicable). Shipping cost $100 or more must be accompanied by a separate freight invoice when submitting an invoice(s) for payment (if applicable). To submit an invoice, vendor must have access to www.ipp.gov. To gain access please indicate if you don’t have an account so the issuing office can establish one for you. FAR Clauses This order is subject to but is not limited to the following Federal Acquisition Regulations: 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. 52.20-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.204-23 Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities. 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Erica Perry
  - Email: erica.l.perry@uscg.mil
  - Phone: 4106366601
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Bryan Duffey
  - Email: Bryan.A.Duffey@uscg.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/232a76471cb54a5f8f15b7226e930ddc/view)