---
layout: default
title: 6835--MEDICAL GAS CONTRACT
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 7fe4263d72cc432987c99cbacda2e827
---

# 6835--MEDICAL GAS CONTRACT

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-24 08:32:05.893-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0379
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought notice only. This is not a request for quotes and no contract will be awarded from this announcement. The Government will not provide any reimbursement for responses submitted in response to this Source Sought notice. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. If a solicitation is issued it shall be announced at a later date, and all interest parties must response to that solicitation announcement separately. Responses to this notice are not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. The purpose of this announcement is to perform market research to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 325120, (Industrial Gas Manufacturing) with a size standard 1200 Employees. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Network Contracting Office 1 (NCO 1) is seeking to identify any vendor capable of providing Medical-Grade Gas Cylinder Deliveries for the VA Maine Healthcare System and all the VA Maine CBOCs per the Performance Work StatementÂ below. This Sources Sought notice provides an opportunity for respondents to submit their capability and availability to provide the requirement described below. Vendors are encouraged to submit information relative to their capabilities to fulfill this requirement, in the form of a statement that addresses the specific requirement identified in this Sources Sought. Information received from this Sources Sought shall be utilized to facilitate the Contracting Officer s review of the market base, for acquisition planning, size determination, and procurement strategy. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the services are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice by 5:00 PM EST, 1 May 2026. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to Kenya Mitchell at Kenya.Mitchell1@va.gov with RFI # 36C24126Q0379 in the subject line. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. Interested parties should complete the attached Sources Sought Worksheet. Parties may submit additional information related to their capabilities, provided it contains all the requirements contained in the Sources Sought Worksheet. Responses to this Sources Sought shall not exceed 8 pages. In addition, all submissions should be provided electronically in a Microsoft Word or Adobe PDF format. Attachment 1 Sources Sought Worksheet QUALIFICATION INFORMATION: Company / Institute Name: _______________________________________________________ Address: ______________________________________________________________________ Phone Number: ________________________________________________________________ Point of Contact: _______________________________________________________________ E-mail Address: ________________________________________________________________ Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) #:Â ___________________________________________________ CAGE Code: __________________________________________________________________ SAM Registered: (Y / N) Other available contract vehicles applicable to this sources sought (GSA/FSS/NASA SEWP/ETC): __________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS: VIP Verified SDVOSB: (Y / N) VIP Verified VOSB: (Y / N) 8(a): (Y / N) HUBZone: (Y / N) Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Small Business: (Y / N) NOTE: Respondent claiming SDVOSB and VOSB status shall be registered, and Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE) verified in VetBiz Registry www.vetbiz.gov. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SDVOSB, VOSB, SMALL BUSINESSES OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Provide a brief capability and interest in providing the products as listed in Attachment 2 PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT with enough information to determine if your company can meet the requirement. The capabilities statement for this Sources Sought is not a Request for Quotation, Request for Proposal, or Invitation for Bid, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach, but rather the Government is requesting a short statement regarding the company s ability to provide the services outlined in the PWS. Any commercial brochures or currently existing marketing material may also be submitted with the capabilities statement. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ Statement of Work Medical Gas Delivery Place of Performance: Contractor should have the means to provide services throughout Maine for these locations weekly and/or on a need bases. VA MAINE HCS: Togus - 1 VA Center Augusta, Maine 04330 Bangor CBOC - 35 State Hospital St. Bangor, ME 04401 Calais CBOC - 50 Union St Calais, ME 04619 Lewiston CBOC - 15 Challenger Dr. Lewiston, ME 04240 Lincoln CBOC - 99 Rover Rd Lincoln, ME 04457 Portland CBOC - 141 West Commercial St. Portland, ME Rumford CBOC - 10 Railroad St. Rumford, ME 04276 Presque Isle CBOC - 732 Main St Presque Isle ME 04769 Period of Performance: Base year, with up to four (4) option years that will be exercised and the Governments discretion Performance Work Statement (PWS) Design and Content GENERAL The purpose of this requirement is to establish a committed source of supply of medical-grade gas cylinder deliveries for the VA Maine Healthcare System. The contractor shall also provide deliveries to all the VA Maine CBOCs. BACKGROUND In fulfilling the core values of the VA, our clinic strives to maintain excellence by providing the highest quality care while looking for continuous improvement. This technology will help us provide the highest quality care and allow for better management of various services throughout VA Maine campuses. The timely and accurate deployment of medical grade gasses is vital to maintain quality healthcare and ensures that the facilities and clinics can provide daily operational care and critical care when needed without delay. Days and hours of operation Monday- Friday, 8:00 am to 4:30 pm excluding federal holidays. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS The Contractor must be able to supply the facilities listed above with the compressed gases listed in Section 8. Deliveries need to be made weekly any time after 9:00 am but before 3:00 pm without fail excluding holidays at which point a needs assessment will be completed, and the company will push delivery date to the previous or next business day. Orders will be placed by authorized individuals to be determined after contract award. Only these authorized individuals will be permitted to place orders against this contract. Deliveries of full cylinders, clean and ready for immediate patient use. The Contractor shall respond to all emergency service calls within 2 hours. The Contractor shall respond to non-emergency service calls within 24 hours or the next business day. The Contractor shall make all repairs as expeditiously as possible so as not to compromise patient care. If repairs are required, the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) will be notified immediately. If requested, the contractor shall provide new Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) factory approved parts, or replacements as needed. If requested, the contractor shall provide training and or guidance on new technology. The contractor shall repair all minor cylinder leaks detected and provide a full report of the leak tests and any leaks repaired to the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). Patient and occupation safety require that all tanks meet all regulatory guidelines and that tanks and regulators allow continues oxygen flow between regulator settings. Safety features include Oxygen air flow that does not stop if the regulator is placed between two numbers Integrated valve and regulator that is built into tank and doesn t need to be installed by staff Single valve tank. No tanks with two valves, this is a human factors safety risk. National Center for Patient Safety discourages any two valve tanks Rupture disk relief valve 50 psi DISS outlet that delivers up to 200 lpm if needed for ventilator Delivery Delivery of requested items shall be delivered by the vendor and specific delivery time per negotiated solicitation/contract within these defined time periods or by special request) after receipt of request. Cylinders delivered must be clean, in good working condition, and available for immediate patient use. Contractor shall call requesting service when dropping off new cylinders and removing empty cylinders. An employee will accompany the contractor to the oxygen storage area. The employee will verify the replacement of new and removal of empty cylinders INVOICES Invoicing is required to be submitted monthly via Tungsten (IPPS). Payment will be made upon receipt of a properly prepared detailed invoice, prepared by the Contractor, validated by the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR), and submitted A properly prepared invoice will contain: Invoice Number and Date Contractor s Name and Address Contract Number Accurate Purchase Order Number Itemized Supply or Service provided including # of Cylinders and type MEDICAL GASES AND SUPPLIES TO BE PROVIDED CLIN PART # PRODUCT UNIT 0001 AI KUSP COMPRESSED AIR K USP CY 0002 AR 40UHP ARGON UHP 40 CU FT CY 0003 CD ANEUSP CARBON DIOXIDE ANE USP CY 0004 CD KBD CARBON DIOXIDE BONE DRY CY 0005 HE 6K HELIUM 6000 PSI CY 0006 MNI L0.3CMMEOX-K 0.3% CO / 0.3% ME / 21% O2 / N2 CY 0007 NI DEWARMAXFIL NITROGEN LIQUID DEWAR MAX FIL CY 0008 NI KNF NITROGEN K NF CY 0009 NO ANEUSP NITROUS OXIDE ANE USP CY 0010 NO KUSP NITROUS OXIDE K USP CY 0011 OX ANETOTEUSP OXYGEN ANE USP WITH OXYTOTE CY 0012 OX ANEUSP OXYGEN ANE USP CY 0013 OX KUSP OXYGEN K USP CY 0014 Delivery EA 0015 Cylinder Rental CY Option to add new medical grade gas products. Supplies: Tags indicating Full/In-Use/Empty Caps for larger tanks for transportation Carts for transportation Training The Contractor shall provide onsite general overview technical training for Clinical and Logistics staff as requested. Training shall include a technical overview of the mechanics, and general operations of leased cylinders. Training shall cover detailed instruction regarding the preventative maintenance, troubleshooting, and general maintenance of the equipment. INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE The Contractor shall conduct a joint inspection with an employee from the requesting service upon delivery of cylinders. WARRANTY The warranty shall include all travel and shipping costs associated with any warranty repair. TASK FREQUENCY AND INSTRUCTIONS Cylinders will be filled as needed. Empty cylinder quantity being returned to the contractor should equal the number of cylinders being delivered by the contractor. Cylinders delivered will be filled to the maximum functional capacity. SPECIAL WORK REQUIREMENTS The Contractor shall comply with any and all Infection Control Risk Assessment requirements deemed appropriate by the Providence VA Medical Center during all portions of the work set forth in the Scope of Work. The Contractor must comply with security, privacy, and safety issues in accordance with VA standards, policies, and directives set forth at all times while providing the work outlined in the Scope of Work. PROPERTY DAMAGE The contractor shall take all necessary precautions to prevent damage to any government property. The contractor shall report any damages immediately and shall be assessed current replacement costs for property damaged by the contractor unless corrective action is taken. Any damaged material (e.g. trees, shrubs, lawn/turf, curbs, gutters, sidewalks, etc.) will be replaced in a timely manner or corrected by the contractor with like materials, at no extra cost to the government, upon approval of the Contracting Officer. IDENTIFICATION, PARKING, SMOKING, CELLULAR PHONE USE AND VA REGULATIONS The contractor's employees shall wear visible identification at all times while on the premises of the VA property. It is the responsibility of the contractor to park in the appropriate desig nated park ing areas. Information on parking is available from the VA Police-Security Service. The VA will not invalidate or make reimbursement for parking viola tions of the con tractor under any con ditions. Smoking is prohibited inside any buildings at the VA. Cellular phones and two-way radios are not to be used within six feet of any medical equipment. Posses sion of weapons is prohibited. Enclosed containers, including tool kits, shall be sub ject to search. Violations of VA regulations may result in a citation answer able in the United States (Federal) Dis trict Court, not a local district state, or municipal court.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kenya Mitchell
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Kenya.Mitchell1@va.gov
  - Phone: 860-666-6951

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Sources Sought Worksheet QUALIFICATION INFORMATION: Company / Institute Name: _______________________________________________________ Address: ______________________________________________________________________ Phone Number: ________________________________________________________________ Point of Contact: _______________________________________________________________ E-mail Address: ________________________________________________________________ Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) #:Â ___________________________________________________ CAGE Code: __________________________________________________________________ SAM Registered: (Y / N) Other available contract vehicles applicable to this sources sought (GSA/FSS/NASA SEWP/ETC): __________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS: VIP Verified SDVOSB: (Y / N) VIP Verified VOSB: (Y / N) 8(a): (Y / N) HUBZone: (Y / N) Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Small Business: (Y / N) NOTE: Respondent claiming SDVOSB and VOSB status shall be registered, and Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE) verified in VetBiz Registry www.vetbiz.gov. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SDVOSB, VOSB, SMALL BUSINESSES OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Provide a brief capability and interest in providing the products as listed in Attachment 2 PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT with enough information to determine if your company can meet the requirement. The capabilities statement for this Sources Sought is not a Request for Quotation, Request for Proposal, or Invitation for Bid, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach, but rather the Government is requesting a short statement regarding the company s ability to provide the services outlined in the PWS. Any commercial brochures or currently existing marketing material may also be submitted with the capabilities statement. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ Statement of Work Medical Gas Delivery Place of Performance: Contractor should have the means to provide services throughout Maine for these locations weekly and/or on a need bases. VA MAINE HCS: Togus - 1 VA Center Augusta, Maine 04330 Bangor CBOC - 35 State Hospital St. Bangor, ME 04401 Calais CBOC - 50 Union St Calais, ME 04619 Lewiston CBOC - 15 Challenger Dr. Lewiston, ME 04240 Lincoln CBOC - 99 Rover Rd Lincoln, ME 04457 Portland CBOC - 141 West Commercial St. Portland, ME Rumford CBOC - 10 Railroad St. Rumford, ME 04276 Presque Isle CBOC - 732 Main St Presque Isle ME 04769 Period of Performance: Base year, with up to four (4) option years that will be exercised and the Governments discretion Performance Work Statement (PWS) Design and Content GENERAL The purpose of this requirement is to establish a committed source of supply of medical-grade gas cylinder deliveries for the VA Maine Healthcare System. The contractor shall also provide deliveries to all the VA Maine CBOCs. BACKGROUND In fulfilling the core values of the VA, our clinic strives to maintain excellence by providing the highest quality care while looking for continuous improvement. This technology will help us provide the highest quality care and allow for better management of various services throughout VA Maine campuses. The timely and accurate deployment of medical grade gasses is vital to maintain quality healthcare and ensures that the facilities and clinics can provide daily operational care and critical care when needed without delay. Days and hours of operation Monday- Friday, 8:00 am to 4:30 pm excluding federal holidays. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS The Contractor must be able to supply the facilities listed above with the compressed gases listed in Section 8. Deliveries need to be made weekly any time after 9:00 am but before 3:00 pm without fail excluding holidays at which point a needs assessment will be completed, and the company will push delivery date to the previous or next business day. Orders will be placed by authorized individuals to be determined after contract award. Only these authorized individuals will be permitted to place orders against this contract. Deliveries of full cylinders, clean and ready for immediate patient use. The Contractor shall respond to all emergency service calls within 2 hours. The Contractor shall respond to non-emergency service calls within 24 hours or the next business day. The Contractor shall make all repairs as expeditiously as possible so as not to compromise patient care. If repairs are required, the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) will be notified immediately. If requested, the contractor shall provide new Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) factory approved parts, or replacements as needed. If requested, the contractor shall provide training and or guidance on new technology. The contractor shall repair all minor cylinder leaks detected and provide a full report of the leak tests and any leaks repaired to the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). Patient and occupation safety require that all tanks meet all regulatory guidelines and that tanks and regulators allow continues oxygen flow between regulator settings. Safety features include Oxygen air flow that does not stop if the regulator is placed between two numbers Integrated valve and regulator that is built into tank and doesn t need to be installed by staff Single valve tank. No tanks with two valves, this is a human factors safety risk. National Center for Patient Safety discourages any two valve tanks Rupture disk relief valve 50 psi DISS outlet that delivers up to 200 lpm if needed for ventilator Delivery Delivery of requested items shall be delivered by the vendor and specific delivery time per negotiated solicitation/contract within these defined time periods or by special request) after receipt of request. Cylinders delivered must be clean, in good working condition, and available for immediate patient use. Contractor shall call requesting service when dropping off new cylinders and removing empty cylinders. An employee will accompany the contractor to the oxygen storage area. The employee will verify the replacement of new and removal of empty cylinders INVOICES Invoicing is required to be submitted monthly via Tungsten (IPPS). Payment will be made upon receipt of a properly prepared detailed invoice, prepared by the Contractor, validated by the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR), and submitted A properly prepared invoice will contain: Invoice Number and Date Contractor s Name and Address Contract Number Accurate Purchase Order Number Itemized Supply or Service provided including # of Cylinders and type MEDICAL GASES AND SUPPLIES TO BE PROVIDED CLIN PART # PRODUCT UNIT 0001 AI KUSP COMPRESSED AIR K USP CY 0002 AR 40UHP ARGON UHP 40 CU FT CY 0003 CD ANEUSP CARBON DIOXIDE ANE USP CY 0004 CD KBD CARBON DIOXIDE BONE DRY CY 0005 HE 6K HELIUM 6000 PSI CY 0006 MNI L0.3CMMEOX-K 0.3% CO / 0.3% ME / 21% O2 / N2 CY 0007 NI DEWARMAXFIL NITROGEN LIQUID DEWAR MAX FIL CY 0008 NI KNF NITROGEN K NF CY 0009 NO ANEUSP NITROUS OXIDE ANE USP CY 0010 NO KUSP NITROUS OXIDE K USP CY 0011 OX ANETOTEUSP OXYGEN ANE USP WITH OXYTOTE CY 0012 OX ANEUSP OXYGEN ANE USP CY 0013 OX KUSP OXYGEN K USP CY 0014 Delivery EA 0015 Cylinder Rental CY Option to add new medical grade gas products. Supplies: Tags indicating Full/In-Use/Empty Caps for larger tanks for transportation Carts for transportation Training The Contractor shall provide onsite general overview technical training for Clinical and Logistics staff as requested. Training shall include a technical overview of the mechanics, and general operations of leased cylinders. Training shall cover detailed instruction regarding the preventative maintenance, troubleshooting, and general maintenance of the equipment. INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE The Contractor shall conduct a joint inspection with an employee from the requesting service upon delivery of cylinders. WARRANTY The warranty shall include all travel and shipping costs associated with any warranty repair. TASK FREQUENCY AND INSTRUCTIONS Cylinders will be filled as needed. Empty cylinder quantity being returned to the contractor should equal the number of cylinders being delivered by the contractor. Cylinders delivered will be filled to the maximum functional capacity. SPECIAL WORK REQUIREMENTS The Contractor shall comply with any and all Infection Control Risk Assessment requirements deemed appropriate by the Providence VA Medical Center during all portions of the work set forth in the Scope of Work. The Contractor must comply with security, privacy, and safety issues in accordance with VA standards, policies, and directives set forth at all times while providing the work outlined in the Scope of Work. PROPERTY DAMAGE The contractor shall take all necessary precautions to prevent damage to any government property. The contractor shall report any damages immediately and shall be assessed current replacement costs for property damaged by the contractor unless corrective action is taken. Any damaged material (e.g. trees, shrubs, lawn/turf, curbs, gutters, sidewalks, etc.) will be replaced in a timely manner or corrected by the contractor with like materials, at no extra cost to the government, upon approval of the Contracting Officer. IDENTIFICATION, PARKING, SMOKING, CELLULAR PHONE USE AND VA REGULATIONS The contractor"s employees shall wear visible identification at all times while on the premises of the VA property. It is the responsibility of the contractor to park in the appropriate desig nated park ing areas. Information on parking is available from the VA Police-Security Service. The VA will not invalidate or make reimbursement for parking viola tions of the con tractor under any con ditions. Smoking is prohibited inside any buildings at the VA. Cellular phones and two-way radios are not to be used within six feet of any medical equipment. Posses sion of weapons is prohibited. Enclosed containers, including tool kits, shall be sub ject to search. Violations of VA regulations may result in a citation answer able in the United States (Federal) Dis trict Court, not a local district state, or municipal court

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7fe4263d72cc432987c99cbacda2e827/view)