---
layout: default
title: J012--Fire System Inspection & Repairs - one year only
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 38f69874b5c748d19da0008db91a5ade
---

# J012--Fire System Inspection & Repairs - one year only

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 09:54:50.521-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0408
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Page 3 of 14 Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice *= Required Field Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Page 1 of 14 Fire System Repair Services for the VA Western Colorado Healthcare System located at 2121 North Ave. Grand Junction, Colorado 81501. Due 5/7/2026 at 5:00pm MT. Request for Quote (RFQ) #: 36C25926Q0408 Fire System Repair Service for the VA Western Colorado Healthcare System This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation. * The deadline for all questions is 12:00pm MT, November 30, 2026. All questions must be submitted in writing no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. ** Quotes are to be provided to heather.chase2@va.gov no later than 5:00pm MT, May 7, 2026. Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make the award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C25926Q0408. The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06 effective October 01, 2025. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 561621 Security Systems Services (except Locksmiths) with a business size standard of $25 Million. This solicitation is SDVOSB total set-aside, and quotes will be accepted from Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB) only. List of Line Items; See Attachment 2 Price Schedule Description of Requirements for the services to be acquired: See Attachment 1 - SOW 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) goods sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for new OEM medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts) for VA Medical Centers.Â No remanufacturers or gray market items will be acceptable. Offeror shall be an OEM, authorized dealer and have authorized GE equipment Certification is a requirement for the services and maintenance contracts of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts), verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM.Â All software licensing, warranty and services associated with the medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. The delivery of gray market items to the VA in the fulfillment of an order/award constitutes a breach of contract.Â Accordingly, the VA reserves the right to enforce any of its contractual remedies. This includes termination of the contract or, solely at the VA s election, allowing the Vendor to replace, at no cost to the Government, any remanufactured or gray market item(s) delivered to a VA medical facility upon discovery of such items. Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. If the acquisition is set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs, their socioeconomic status must be SBA verified and visible in the Small Business Search Certification: https://search.certifications.sba.gov at the time of quote submission AND award, or will be considered non-responsive, and will NOT be considered for award. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Price; (II) Certifications; and (III) VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance. Volume I Price The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule attached. See Attachment 2 Price Schedule. Volume II Certification The offeror shall provide valid NICET- FAS Level 3 certification for the anticipated on-site supervisory employee. And valid NICET-Level 1 certification of anticipated technician(s). Volume III VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance The offeror shall provide the completed and signed VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION). See Attachment 3 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting. Offeror must list any/all subcontractors (and their size standard IAW NAICS 561621) if they will be utilized for this requirement AND what they will be performing. How is your firm going to comply with Limitations on Subcontracting requirements? If no subcontractors will be used, please state No Subcontractors will be used for this requirement in the response. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor 1. Price Factor 2. Certification Factor 3. VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance Evaluation Approach. Quotes will be evaluated in the following manner.Â The lowest-priced quote will be identified.Â The lowest-priced quote will be evaluated to determine if the quoted price exceeds the amount of funding available for the procurement. If the quoted price does not exceed the amount of funding available for the procurement, the quoted price will be evaluated to determine if it is reasonable.Â If the quoted price is found to be reasonable, the offeror who submitted this quote will be identified as the successful offeror. The contracting officer will then determine if the successful offeror is responsible using the general standards of responsibility and the special standards of responsibility applicable to this procurement. If contract award cannot be made to the successful offeror, the contracting officer will evaluate the next lowest-priced quote following the procedures described above. This process will continue until a contract award can be made, or the contracting officer determines that no contract award can be made.Â The contracting officer may find all quotes not acceptable and cancel the solicitation if the lowest-priced quote exceeds the amount of funding available for the procurement. The Government reserves the right to select a quotation that provides benefit to the Government that exceeds the minimum requirements of the solicitation but is not required to do so. Each response must meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government is not requesting or accepting alternate quotations. The Government intends to evaluate quotes and award a contract without discussions with offerors.Â However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions at any time if determined by the contracting officer to be in the Government s interest. The evaluation will consider the following: Factor 1. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet the requirements as outlined in the Statement of Work, shall not be selected regardless of price. Factor 2. Certification: The offeror shall provide at least one valid NICET- FAS Level 3 certification for the on-site supervisor. And one valid NICET-Level 1 certification per fire alarm technician. Factor 3. VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance: The Government will review the returned document for completion and signature of offeror. If document is not returned, completed and / or signed by offeror it may result in disqualification for consideration of offer. If offeror does not provide all volumes as outlined in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions, the offeror may be considered nonresponsive. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses incorporated by reference; Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government Statute X 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct Statute X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Statute X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Statute X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Other X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance Statute 52.204-91 Contractor identification Other X 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment Statute X 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Statute X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Statute 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside Statute 52.219-6 with Alt I Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside, with Alternate I Statute X 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-9 Small Business Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-9 with Alt I Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-9 with Alt II Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate II Statute 52.219-9 with Alt III Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate III Statute 52.219-9 with Alt IV Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate IV Statute 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting Statute 52.219-16 Liquidated Damages Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule Statute X 52.222-3 Convict Labor EO X 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies EO X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Statute 52.222-35 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Veterans, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Statute 52.222-36 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities, with Alternate I (JUL 2014) Statute 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Statute X 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (DEC 2010) EO X 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Statute X 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Statute X 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) Statute 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment Statute X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons Statute 52.222-50 with Alt I Combating Trafficking in Persons, with its Alternate I Statute 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Requirements Other 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services Requirements Other X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification EO X 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 EO 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items Statute 52.223-9 with Alt I Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items, with Alternate I Statute 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons Statute 52.223-12 Maintenance Statute 52.223-20 Aerosols Statute 52.223-21 Foams Statute X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services Statute 52.224-3 Privacy Training Statute 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies Statute 52.225-1 with Alt I Buy American-Supplies, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-3 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Statute 52.225-3 with Alt II Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate II Statute 52.225-3 with Alt III Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate III Statute 52.225-3 with Alt IV Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate IV Statute 52.225-5 Trade Agreements Statute 52.225-19 Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States Other 52.225-26 Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States Statute 52.226-4 Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside Statute 52.226-5 Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area Statute X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving EO 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Statute X 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.232-30 Installment Payments of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management Statute 52.232-34 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Other than System for Award Management Statute 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party Statute X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Statute 52.232-90 52.232-90, Fast Payment Procedure Statute 52.233-3 Protest After Award Statute X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Statute X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Statute 52.240-91 with Alt I Security Prohibitions and Exclusions, with Alternate I Statute 52.240-92 Security Requirements Other 52.240-92 with Alt II Security Requirements with Alternate II Other 52.240-93 Â Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems Â X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.247-64 Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels Statute 52.247-64 with Alt I Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate I Statute 52.247-64 with Alt II Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate II Statute Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 45 days. 852.212-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items (Apr 2020) VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2020) VAAR 852.219-73 VA Notice of Total Set-Aside for Certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VAAR 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (SEP 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (SEP 2018) VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions Statute X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation Statute X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration Statute 52.204-7 with Alt I System for Award Management Registration, with Alternate I Statute 52.204-90 Offeror Identification Statute 52.207-6 Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) Statute 52.209-12 Certification Regarding Tax Matters Statute 52.219-2 Equal Low Bids Statute 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products E.O. 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Certification Other 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification Other 52.222-56 Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan Statute 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification Statute 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Statute 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate Statute 52.225-6 Trade Agreements-Certificate Statute 52.225-20 Prohibition on Conducting Restricted Business Operations in Sudan-Certification Statute 52.225-25 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran-Representation and Certifications Statute 52.226-3 Disaster or Emergency Area Representation Statute 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation Statute X 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications Statute The following VAAR clauses are to be incorporated by reference: VAAR 852.212-71 Gray Market Items (FEB 2023) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to heather.chase2@va.gov by 5:00pm MT, May 7, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Heather Chase heather.chase2@va.gov An optional site visit has been scheduled: Location: 2121 North Ave. Grand Junction, Colorado 81501 Meet inside B8 Tour will be held on Wednesday, April 29, 2026 at 2:00 pm MST sharp Contact 970-263-5016 for directions (if needed) This site visit is optional and is NOT required for quote submission and/or evaluation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Heather Chase
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: heather.chase2@va.gov
  - Phone: 303-712-5772

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Price Schedule Description of Requirements for the services to be acquired: See Attachment 1 - SOW 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) goods sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for new OEM medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts) for VA Medical Centers.Â No remanufacturers or gray market items will be acceptable. Offeror shall be an OEM, authorized dealer and have authorized GE equipment Certification is a requirement for the services and maintenance contracts of medical equipment (i.e. replacement parts), verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM.Â All software licensing, warranty and services associated with the medical supplies, medical equipment and/or services contracts for maintenance of medical equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. The delivery of gray market items to the VA in the fulfillment of an order/award constitutes a breach of contract.Â Accordingly, the VA reserves the right to enforce any of its contractual remedies. This includes termination of the contract or, solely at the VA s election, allowing the Vendor to replace, at no cost to the Government, any remanufactured or gray market item(s) delivered to a VA medical facility upon discovery of such items. Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. If the acquisition is set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs, their socioeconomic status must be SBA verified and visible in the Small Business Search Certification: https://search.certifications.sba.gov at the time of quote submission AND award, or will be considered non-responsive, and will NOT be considered for award. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Price; (II) Certifications; and (III) VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance. Volume I Price The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule attached. See Attachment 2 Price Schedule. Volume II Certification The offeror shall provide valid NICET- FAS Level 3 certification for the anticipated on-site supervisory employee. And valid NICET-Level 1 certification of anticipated technician(s). Volume III VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance The offeror shall provide the completed and signed VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION). See Attachment 3 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting. Offeror must list any/all subcontractors (and their size standard IAW NAICS 561621) if they will be utilized for this requirement AND what they will be performing. How is your firm going to comply with Limitations on Subcontracting requirements? If no subcontractors will be used, please state No Subcontractors will be used for this requirement in the response. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor 1. Price Factor 2. Certification Factor 3. VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance Evaluation Approach. Quotes will be evaluated in the following manner.Â The lowest-priced quote will be identified.Â The lowest-priced quote will be evaluated to determine if the quoted price exceeds the amount of funding available for the procurement. If the quoted price does not exceed the amount of funding available for the procurement, the quoted price will be evaluated to determine if it is reasonable.Â If the quoted price is found to be reasonable, the offeror who submitted this quote will be identified as the successful offeror. The contracting officer will then determine if the successful offeror is responsible using the general standards of responsibility and the special standards of responsibility applicable to this procurement. If contract award cannot be made to the successful offeror, the contracting officer will evaluate the next lowest-priced quote following the procedures described above. This process will continue until a contract award can be made, or the contracting officer determines that no contract award can be made.Â The contracting officer may find all quotes not acceptable and cancel the solicitation if the lowest-priced quote exceeds the amount of funding available for the procurement. The Government reserves the right to select a quotation that provides benefit to the Government that exceeds the minimum requirements of the solicitation but is not required to do so. Each response must meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government is not requesting or accepting alternate quotations. The Government intends to evaluate quotes and award a contract without discussions with offerors.Â However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions at any time if determined by the contracting officer to be in the Government s interest. The evaluation will consider the following: Factor 1. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet the requirements as outlined in the Statement of Work, shall not be selected regardless of price. Factor 2. Certification: The offeror shall provide at least one valid NICET- FAS Level 3 certification for the on-site supervisor. And one valid NICET-Level 1 certification per fire alarm technician. Factor 3. VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance: The Government will review the returned document for completion and signature of offeror. If document is not returned, completed and / or signed by offeror it may result in disqualification for consideration of offer. If offeror does not provide all volumes as outlined in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions, the offeror may be considered nonresponsive. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses incorporated by reference; Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government Statute X 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct Statute X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Statute X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Statute X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Other X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance Statute 52.204-91 Contractor identification Other X 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment Statute X 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Statute X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Statute 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside Statute 52.219-6 with Alt I Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside, with Alternate I Statute X 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-9 Small Business Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-9 with Alt I Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-9 with Alt II Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate II Statute 52.219-9 with Alt III Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate III Statute 52.219-9 with Alt IV Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate IV Statute 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting Statute 52.219-16 Liquidated Damages Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule Statute X 52.222-3 Convict Labor EO X 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies EO X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Statute 52.222-35 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Veterans, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Statute 52.222-36 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities, with Alternate I (JUL 2014) Statute 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Statute X 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (DEC 2010) EO X 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Statute X 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Statute X 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) Statute 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment Statute X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons Statute 52.222-50 with Alt I Combating Trafficking in Persons, with its Alternate I Statute 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Requirements Other 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services Requirements Other X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification EO X 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 EO 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items Statute 52.223-9 with Alt I Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items, with Alternate I Statute 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons Statute 52.223-12 Maintenance Statute 52.223-20 Aerosols Statute 52.223-21 Foams Statute X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services Statute 52.224-3 Privacy Training Statute 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies Statute 52.225-1 with Alt I Buy American-Supplies, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-3 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Statute 52.225-3 with Alt II Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate II Statute 52.225-3 with Alt III Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate III Statute 52.225-3 with Alt IV Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate IV Statute 52.225-5 Trade Agreements Statute 52.225-19 Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States Other 52.225-26 Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States Statute 52.226-4 Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside Statute 52.226-5 Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area Statute X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving EO 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Statute X 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.232-30 Installment Payments of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management Statute 52.232-34 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Other than System for Award Management Statute 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party Statute X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Statute 52.232-90 52.232-90, Fast Payment Procedure Statute 52.233-3 Protest After Award Statute X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Statute X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Statute 52.240-91 with Alt I Security Prohibitions and Exclusions, with Alternate I Statute 52.240-92 Security Requirements Other 52.240-92 with Alt II Security Requirements with Alternate II Other 52.240-93 Â Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems Â X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.247-64 Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels Statute 52.247-64 with Alt I Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate I Statute 52.247-64 with Alt II Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate II Statute Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 45 days. 852.212-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items (Apr 2020) VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2020) VAAR 852.219-73 VA Notice of Total Set-Aside for Certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VAAR 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (SEP 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (SEP 2018) VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions Statute X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation Statute X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration Statute 52.204-7 with Alt I System for Award Management Registration, with Alternate I Statute 52.204-90 Offeror Identification Statute 52.207-6 Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) Statute 52.209-12 Certification Regarding Tax Matters Statute 52.219-2 Equal Low Bids Statute 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products E.O. 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Certification Other 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification Other 52.222-56 Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan Statute 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification Statute 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Statute 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate Statute 52.225-6 Trade Agreements-Certificate Statute 52.225-20 Prohibition on Conducting Restricted Business Operations in Sudan-Certification Statute 52.225-25 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran-Representation and Certifications Statute 52.226-3 Disaster or Emergency Area Representation Statute 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation Statute X 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications Statute The following VAAR clauses are to be incorporated by reference: VAAR 852.212-71 Gray Market Items (FEB 2023) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to heather.chase2@va.gov by 5:00pm MT, May 7, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Heather Chase heather.chase2@va.gov An optional site visit has been scheduled: Location: 2121 North Ave. Grand Junction, Colorado 81501 Meet inside B8 Tour will be held on Wednesday, April 29, 2026 at 2:00 pm MST sharp Contact 970-263-5016 for directions (if needed) This site visit is optional and is NOT required for quote submission and/or evaluation

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/38f69874b5c748d19da0008db91a5ade/view)