---
layout: default
title: 110’ WPB CRADLE AND SPREADER BAR RECERTIFICATION
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: fc4c43cf7bd54906860a2b47bddf0297
---

# 110’ WPB CRADLE AND SPREADER BAR RECERTIFICATION

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 13:32:27.506-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z04026Q60746Y00

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items, prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6 of the FAR and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 2126406Y6125705001 applies and is used as a Request for Quote (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2024-05, dated 22 May 2024. It is anticipated that a competitive price purchase order shall be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which if timely received, shall be considered by this agency. The U.S. Coast Guard, Surface Forces Logistics Center (SFLC) intends to award a Firm Fixed Price Purchase Order. No down payments or advanced payments will be made to the awarded vendor. Vendor shall ensure they can secure funding for this order until delivered and received by the US Coast Guard. Payment will be made by Government Purchase order (Net 30) and the vendor shall assume financial responsibility until the order is accepted and received by US Coast Guard. Payment of the work is authorized to be submitted as work is completed but must be approved by the Contracting Officer First. Basis for Award: This solicitation is based on FAR 13 – Simplified Acquisition Procedures and quotes will be reviewed and awarded on a Best Value basis per the solicitation. Past performance will only be reviewed for “responsibility” basis per FAR 9.1. The evaluation criteria for the quote’s will be who meets all the technical requirements, who meets our deadlines and price. All quotes must include the drawings approved by a professional engineer that are stated in the Statement of Work in order to be considered. Drawings will then be reviewed by U. S. Coast Guard Yard Structural and Safety departments to ensure it meets our needs. All quotes shall be emailed to Shellby Hammond via Shellby.M.Hammond@uscg.mil and shall be received no later than April 24, 2026 at 1200 (Eastern). All emailed quotes shall have 2126406Y6125705001 in the subject of the email. If a Site Visit is required in order to bid, please email James Greenfield via James.H.Greenfield2@uscg.mil in order to schedule. Vendor Information: Entity Name Entity Unique Entity ID Entity Address Entity POC Entity Phone Number POC Email Address Vendor shall provide: Line 1: 110’ WPB CRADLE AND SPREADER BAR RECERTIFICATION DESCRIPTION: The Contractor shall provide services to certify 01 docking cradle and 01 spreader bar identified as 110-foot USCG Cutter Cradle No. 3(CGY-C110-3) and Spreader Bar No. 1 (CGY-S110-1). The slings are NOT part of this certification and are to be certified IAW standard CFR/OSHA requirements. Cradle and spreader has been proof loaded and no structural modifications have been made that would invalidate that proof load test. Failure to have the following may negate your ability to bid. - Surface Forces Logistics Center Standard Specification 8634 (SFLC Std Spec 8634), -2022 Drydocking - United States Coast Guard Drawing No. 87WPB 085-12, Rev A, 87 Ft Coastal Patrol Boat Lifting Cradle Available post-award upon request: - Previous certification reports - Docking history - Last Non-Destructive Inspection (NDI) Report - Last completed load test The Contractor shall conduct all necessary inspections required to certify 01 docking cradles, constructed in accordance with referenced drawings. Certification shall meet requirements stated within SFLC STD Spec 8634. Certifying Authority shall provide requirements for type of weld inspection and length of weld inspection required for certification. The cradle has been previously load tested; re-load testing is not required. All inspections shall be conducted at USCG Yard, Baltimore MD 21226. All work and applicable deliverables shall be provided between 5/1/26 - 5/31/26. Contractor shall provide a Certification Report, which shall include, at minimum, the following: - Appendix B-2 (of SFLC STD Spec 8634), signed and sealed by a Professional Engineer (State of Maryland) - Appendix B-23 and - Appendix B-24 of SFLC STD Spec 8634, completed. - Inspection Overview - Proof Testing, as applicable. - Inspection Findings with supporting documentation, as applicable. - Surveyor's Endorsement, annotated as "SATISFACTORY" or "UNSATISFACTORY". Any contingencies to endorsement must be clearly noted. - NDT Weld Test Report Unit of Issue: 1 JB Line Total: Estimated Performance Date: *All Work must be completed in accordance with the attached Statement of Work for the order. *Access to some drawings may be Export-Controlled and require any recipient to be registered in the Joint Certification Program (JCP) through DLA to receive the drawing. * *Services are Required on the following date(s): 5/1/26 – 5/31/26* Place of Performance: U.S. COAST GUARD YARD 2401 HAWKINS POINT ROAD BALTIMORE, MD 21226 Invoicing In IPP It is a requirement that all invoicing for Purchase Orders will now be entered and processed through https://www.ipp.gov. All invoices must contain the following information: CG Purchase Order number, vendor’s invoice number, cage number, PO item number, description of supplies or services, unit prices and extended totals (INVOICES FOR PURCHASE ORDERS AWARDED BY SURFACE FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER, BALTIMORE ARE TO BE SUMITTED AS NON PO IN IPP). Shipping costs will be indicated as a separate line item on the invoice (if applicable). Shipping cost $100 or more must be accompanied by a separate freight invoice when submitting an invoice(s) for payment (if applicable). To submit an invoice, vendor must have access to www.ipp.gov. To gain access please indicate if you don’t have an account So the issuing office can establish one for you. FAR Clauses This order is subject to but is not limited to the following Federal Acquisition Regulations: 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.204-23 Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities. 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shellby Hammond
  - Email: Shellby.M.Hammond@uscg.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: -2 (of SFLC STD Spec 8634), signed and sealed by a Professional Engineer (State of Maryland) - Appendix B-23 and - Appendix B-24 of SFLC STD Spec 8634, completed. - Inspection Overview - Proof Testing, as applicable. - Inspection Findings with supporting documentation, as applicable. - Surveyor"s Endorsement, annotated as "SATISFACTORY" or "UNSATISFACTORY". Any contingencies to endorsement must be clearly noted. - NDT Weld Test Report Unit of Issue: 1 JB Line Total: Estimated Performance Date: *All Work must be completed in accordance with the attached Statement of Work for the order. *Access to some drawings may be Export-Controlled and require any recipient to be registered in the Joint Certification Program (JCP) through DLA to receive the drawing. * *Services are Required on the following date(s): 5/1/26 – 5/31/26* Place of Performance: U.S. COAST GUARD YARD 2401 HAWKINS POINT ROAD BALTIMORE, MD 21226 Invoicing In IPP It is a requirement that all invoicing for Purchase Orders will now be entered and processed through https://www.ipp.gov. All invoices must contain the following information: CG Purchase Order number, vendor’s invoice number, cage number, PO item number, description of supplies or services, unit prices and extended totals (INVOICES FOR PURCHASE ORDERS AWARDED BY SURFACE FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER, BALTIMORE ARE TO BE SUMITTED AS NON PO IN IPP). Shipping costs will be indicated as a separate line item on the invoice (if applicable). Shipping cost $100 or more must be accompanied by a separate freight invoice when submitting an invoice(s) for payment (if applicable). To submit an invoice, vendor must have access to www.ipp.gov. To gain access please indicate if you don’t have an account So the issuing office can establish one for you. FAR Clauses This order is subject to but is not limited to the following Federal Acquisition Regulations: 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.204-23 Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities. 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fc4c43cf7bd54906860a2b47bddf0297/view)