---
layout: default
title: FCI Englewood - Upgrade Health Services Elevator
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 04b5129bfd3049999e02eb9037d1a6d0
---

# FCI Englewood - Upgrade Health Services Elevator

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 11:52:11.18-04
- Solicitation Number: 15BBNF26Q00000048

## Summary

Amendment 0001 is hereby issued to incorporate the following changes: 1. Extend the solicitation opening - offers are now due on Friday, May 8th 2. To add clause DOJ-02 Contractor Privacy Requirements (JAN 2022) 3. To add clause FAO-0023 Progress Payments for Construction 4. Incorporate photos and meeting minutes from the site visit held on April 15. THIS AMENDMENT EXTENDS THE SOLICITATION CLOSING DATE/TIME TO: 05/08/2026 - 12:00 MT US/Mountain This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with FAR part 12 in conjunction with FAR Part 36. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Quotations are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This acquisition IS set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. Solicitation number 15BBNF26Q00000048 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ), for: The Federal Bureau of Prisons, Field Acquisition Office, intends to issue a solicitation for the following requirement: The Federal Bureau of Prisons, FCI Englewood located at 9595 W. Quincy Ave., Littleton, CO 80123 intends to make a single award to a responsible entity that will provide all necessary equipment, labor, materials, and incidentals for a comprehensive modernization of the Health Services passenger elevator (ELEV?01?ENG). The existing OTIS traction/cable elevator (3,000?lb capacity, 3 stops, Motion Control VFMC?1000?PTC controller) will undergo a full overhaul including replacement of obsolete controllers, drive systems, hoist machine, motor, brake, governor systems, ropes, wiring, communication systems, and associated safety equipment. Work includes installation of new microprocessor?based controls, ACVVVF drive equipment, emergency braking devices, seismic components, door equipment, signal fixtures, two?way communication systems, and machine?room upgrades. The contractor will refurbish or replace hoistway components, provide new hoistway door panels, update restricted?floor security features, and ensure compliance with ASME A17.1, applicable building codes, and all performance requirements (speed, leveling, door timing, noise/vibration limits). See the Statement of Work/Specifications attachment included with the solicitation posting for the complete requirements of the work. The performance period for the project will be 336 Calendar Days from issuance of the notice to proceed. The NAICS code for this requirement is 238290 Other Building Equipment Contractors with a corresponding small business size standard of $22 million. The solicitation will be distributed solely through the Contract Opportunity website at https://www.sam.gov. Hard copies of the solicitation will not be made available. The website provides download instructions. The "Sensitive /Secure package Upload" option will be selected for this procurement. All secure/locked documents uploaded, to include the solicitation, will require an active SAM vendor registration to obtain access. In addition, only those vendors who have been issued a valid Marketing Partner Identification Number (MPIN) from www.sam.gov will be granted access. If your firm does not have the NAICS code listed in www.sam.gov required for this solicitation, an email may be forwarded to your firm requesting an explanation as to why your firm should be granted access. If you encounter problems accessing these documents, please contact the Federal Service Desk at 866-606-8220. All future information about this solicitation, including any amendments, will also be distributed solely through this website. Interested parties are responsible for continuously monitoring this website to ensure that they have the most recent information about this proposed contract action. IMPORTANT: Any contractor interested in obtaining a contract award with the Federal Bureau of Prisons must be registered in https://www.sam.gov. In order to qualify for award, your business size metrics information entered in your www.sam.gov SAM registration must be less than or equal to the size standard specified above. Each offeror's www.sam.gov registration will be reviewed by the Government to confirm that your business size meets the small business size standard requirement. All bidders are urged to double check their www.sam.gov registration and update as necessary, including the size metrics information. This is a 100 percent small business set-aside. You must be registered in www.sam.gov as a small business for the applicable NAICS code (see FAR provision 52.219-1 in the Representations & Certifications section of your www.sam.gov registration). Quotation Deadline: The anticipated closing date for receipt of quotations is April 29, 2026, at 12:00 pm Mountain Time. Payment Terms: Payment will be processed via Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) in accordance with 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer- System for Award Management Additional Requirements: Offerors must include a specification sheet and any submittal information about the products offered in their quotation. Faxed and hand-delivered quotes will not be accepted. Site Visit: A site visit will be held at FCI Englewood to allow interested vendors the opportunity to examine existing conditions and the work area. Attendance is encouraged but not mandatory. Vendors wishing to attend must submit NCIC background check forms for all proposed attendees by the deadline stated in the solicitation. Only individuals who have received prior approval will be permitted to enter the facility. Specific instructions regarding the date, time, meeting location, required identification, and security procedures will be provided in the solicitation. Questions will not be answered during the site visit; all questions must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Officer in accordance with the solicitation instructions. Solicitation Post Date: estimated Thursday, April 2, 2026 NCIC forms due: Monday, April 13, by 9am MDT - email to jx7white@bop.gov Site Visit: Wednesday, April 15, 2026 at 9am MDT Questions Due: Friday, April 17, 2026 by 11am MDT Offer Due Date: Friday, April 29, 2026 at 12:00pm MDT Any questions regarding the solicitation may be submitted in writing via email to lbonner@bop.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Luke Bonner
  - Email: lbonner@bop.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: with the solicitation posting for the complete requirements of the work. The performance period for the project will be 336 Calendar Days from issuance of the notice to proceed. The NAICS code for this requirement is 238290 Other Building Equipment Contractors with a corresponding small business size standard of $22 million. The solicitation will be distributed solely through the Contract Opportunity website at https://www.sam.gov. Hard copies of the solicitation will not be made available. The website provides download instructions. The "Sensitive /Secure package Upload" option will be selected for this procurement. All secure/locked documents uploaded, to include the solicitation, will require an active SAM vendor registration to obtain access. In addition, only those vendors who have been issued a valid Marketing Partner Identification Number (MPIN) from www.sam.gov will be granted access. If your firm does not have the NAICS code listed in www.sam.gov required for this solicitation, an email may be forwarded to your firm requesting an explanation as to why your firm should be granted access. If you encounter problems accessing these documents, please contact the Federal Service Desk at 866-606-8220. All future information about this solicitation, including any amendments, will also be distributed solely through this website. Interested parties are responsible for continuously monitoring this website to ensure that they have the most recent information about this proposed contract action. IMPORTANT: Any contractor interested in obtaining a contract award with the Federal Bureau of Prisons must be registered in https://www.sam.gov. In order to qualify for award, your business size metrics information entered in your www.sam.gov SAM registration must be less than or equal to the size standard specified above. Each offeror"s www.sam.gov registration will be reviewed by the Government to confirm that your business size meets the small business size standard requirement. All bidders are urged to double check their www.sam.gov registration and update as necessary, including the size metrics information. This is a 100 percent small business set-aside. You must be registered in www.sam.gov as a small business for the applicable NAICS code (see FAR provision 52.219-1 in the Representations & Certifications section of your www.sam.gov registration). Quotation Deadline: The anticipated closing date for receipt of quotations is April 29, 2026, at 12:00 pm Mountain Time. Payment Terms: Payment will be processed via Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) in accordance with 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer- System for Award Management Additional Requirements: Offerors must include a specification sheet and any submittal information about the products offered in their quotation. Faxed and hand-delivered quotes will not be accepted. Site Visit: A site visit will be held at FCI Englewood to allow interested vendors the opportunity to examine existing conditions and the work area. Attendance is encouraged but not mandatory. Vendors wishing to attend must submit NCIC background check forms for all proposed attendees by the deadline stated in the solicitation. Only individuals who have received prior approval will be permitted to enter the facility. Specific instructions regarding the date, time, meeting location, required identification, and security procedures will be provided in the solicitation. Questions will not be answered during the site visit; all questions must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Officer in accordance with the solicitation instructions. Solicitation Post Date: estimated Thursday, April 2, 2026 NCIC forms due: Monday, April 13, by 9am MDT - email to jx7white@bop.gov Site Visit: Wednesday, April 15, 2026 at 9am MDT Questions Due: Friday, April 17, 2026 by 11am MDT Offer Due Date: Friday, April 29, 2026 at 12:00pm MDT Any questions regarding the solicitation may be submitted in writing via email to lbonner@bop.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/04b5129bfd3049999e02eb9037d1a6d0/view)