---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought for HVAC Repair, Fort Buckner Japan
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 64ce7e29b85f449eb91cf9559ca04031
---

# Sources Sought for HVAC Repair, Fort Buckner Japan

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-11 23:16:11.41-04
- Solicitation Number: W912HVZ0013

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT MARKET SURVEY W912HV26Z0013 FY26 OMSF Repair HVAC & Related Work B100, Fort Buckner Kadena Air Base, Okinawa, Japan INTRODUCTION: The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Japan District (POJ), is performing market research for a Design-Bid-Build (DBB) construction project. This announcement represents a market survey that is intended for planning purposes only. The purpose of this notice is to identify sources capable of performing this project and to receive responses from those firms to assist the Government's acquisition planning. This survey does not constitute a commitment by the Government for any follow-on announcements, solicitation, or award. This notice is NOT a solicitation. The Government will not pay for any information provided as a result of this market survey. This market survey is intended for local sources only. Local sources are those sources physically located and licensed to conduct business in Japan. Firms interested and capable of performing this work are highly encouraged to submit a response (submission requirements are located within this notice). We are committed to partnering with industry as much as we can throughout this process and therefore encourage all interested companies to respond to this survey. Market research and industry feedback is an essential part of the acquisition process. The information requested in this announcement will be used within USACE-POJ to facilitate decision-making and will not be disclosed outside the agency. However, respondents submitting business information pursuant to this Sources Sought/Request for Information (RFI) announcement should consult 41 C.F.R. parts 105-60 and other implementing regulations concerning the release of such information to third parties under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). All information submitted by respondents that they consider confidential and not releasable to third parties outside of USACE, and its employees, agents, consultants, and representatives, must be clearly and conspicuously marked. SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM) All interested companies, including joint ventures, shall be registered in the SAM database in order to be eligible for award of Government contracts. https://www.sam.gov LOCAL SOURCES Firms which have not done business with U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Japan Engineering District, are requested to visit the following website:? https://www.poj.usace.army.mil/Business-With-Us/ for general information. This contract will be performed in its entirety in the country of Japan and is intended only for local sources. Only local sources will be considered under the corresponding solicitation. Local sources are sources (e.g. corporations, partnerships, or Joint Ventures [For a Joint Venture, the Joint Venture as an independent entity must satisfy the local source requirements or, in the alternative, each member of the Joint Venture must individually satisfy the local source requirements]) that are physically located in Japan and authorized (i.e. licensed and registered) to perform in Japan, the type of construction work specific in the corresponding solicitation. Specifically, a prospective offeror must be duly authorized to operate and conduct business in Japan and must fully comply with all applicable laws, decrees, labor standards, and regulations of Japan during the performance of the resulting contracts. In addition, prior to award of the contracts, offerors must be registered with the Government of Japan to do construction work in Japan and possess necessary construction licenses and permits to perform work required under the corresponding solicitation. Construction license will be verified through the Government of Japan – Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport, and Tourism (MILT) https://etsuran.mlit.go.jp/TAKKEN. The U.S. Government will not offer “United States Official Contractor” status under Article XIV of the US-Japan Status of Forces Agreement (SOFA) to U.S. contractors normally resident in the United States; nor will the U.S. Government certify employees of such contractors as “Members of the Civilian Component” under Article I(b) of the SOFA. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ PROJECT INFORMATION Project Title: FY26 OMSF Repair HVAC & Related Work B100, Fort Buckner Project Location: Kadena Air Base, Okinawa, Japan Product Service Code (PSC): Z2JZ– Repair or Alteration of Miscellaneous Buildings NAICS Code: 236220 – Commercial and Institutional Building Construction Estimated Project Range: Between ¥800M and ¥1B Project Description: This project involves a comprehensive upgrade of the HVAC systems in the secure, 24/7 operational facility B100. The work includes installing new chillers, air handlers, and a Direct Digital Control (DDC) system, while also modifying existing fire safety systems and ensuring robust cybersecurity for all building controls. The scope also requires environmental remediation for any asbestos or lead-based paint disturbed during the repairs. Before turnover, the project will conclude with a full commissioning of all new systems, including the mechanical equipment, Mass Notification System, and the Building Automation System (BAS), to guarantee proper operation. NOTE: The DRAFT Specifications and Designs are included in this Notice are provided for informational purposes only. Interested firms are cautioned that all attachments to this notice are provided in draft format and subject to change. Estimated Period of Performance: 485 calendar days Proposed Procurement Method: The Government anticipates the issuance of a Request for Proposal (RFP) with award selection based on a lowest priced, technically acceptable approach, on/about 3rd Quarter FY26. Submission Requirements for responses to this Market Survey: Please submit a response no later than 2:00 P.M. on 3 April 2026 Japan Standard Time (JST) using the attached W912HV26Z0013 Market Survey Questions document and email the completed form to the following individuals. Contracting Officer – Erica Stiner at erica.j.stiner@usace.army.mil Contract Specialist – William House at william.e.house@usace.army.mil We appreciate your honest feedback in helping to develop an effective acquisition strategy that is advantageous for all interested parties. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Contracting Office Address: Japan District, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers RM. 116, BLDG. 364, Camp Foster Chatan-Cho, Okinawa-Ken 904-0100 Japan Attachments: W912HV26Z0013 HVAC Repair Market Survey Questions W912HV26Z0013 HVAC Repair DRAFT Design W912HV26Z0013 HVAC Repair DRAFT Specs Part 1 W912HV26Z0013 HVAC Repair DRAFT Specs Part 2

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: William House
  - Email: william.e.house@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Erica Stiner
  - Email: erica.j.stiner@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/64ce7e29b85f449eb91cf9559ca04031/view)