---
layout: default
title: SCOPE OF WORK FOR ANECHOIC CHAMBER ABSORBER REPAIR
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: d5ac055296ee472fa0d0084a196a1075
---

# SCOPE OF WORK FOR ANECHOIC CHAMBER ABSORBER REPAIR

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 08:46:04.622-04
- Solicitation Number: N00173-26-Q-1301334814

## Summary

Request for Quote (RFQ) N00173-26-Q-1301334814 This is a total small business set-aside procurement in accordance with FAR 13- 13.003(b) (1) on a Firm-Firm Fixed-Price (FFP) basis. Award shall be made to the quoter whose quotation offers the lowest-priced, technically acceptable solution (LPTA). The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 541330, with a small business size standard of $25.5. The associated Federal Supply Code (FSC) / Product Service Code (PSC) procurement is R425. The Naval Research Laboratory (NRL), located in Washington, DC, is seeking to purchase: SCOPE OF WORK FOR ANECHOIC CHAMBER ABSORBER REPAIR. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: ___x___ See specification attachment Delivery Address: _____x___ U.S. Naval Research Laboratory 4555 Overlook Avenue, S.W. Bldg. 49 – Shipping/Receiving Code 3400 Washington, DC 20375 Supplies: Brand Name or Equal. Items must be brand name or equal in accordance with FAR 52.211-6. Software/Hardware/Services: This procurement is for new equipment ONLY, unless otherwise specifically stated. No remanufactured or "gray market" items are acceptable. All equipment must be covered by the manufacturer's warranty. • Vendor shall be an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), an OEM authorized dealer, an authorized distributor, or an authorized reseller for the proposed equipment/system such that OEM warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All software licensing, warranty, and service associated with the equipment/system shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions • Offerors are required to submit documentation from the manufacturer stating that they are an authorized distributor for the specific items being procured. Note: Maintenance Renewals - The performance period for maintenance renewals, (software licenses, services, etc.), must begin on or after the date of contract award. The performance period cannot be back dated. If reinstatement fees are required, they must be listed on separate line items. Lowest Price Technically Acceptable – Factor 1 – Price. Quotes will be evaluated to determine if the price is fair, and reasonable in accordance with FAR 12.209 (Commercial Item Determination of Price Reasonableness) and in conjunction with FAR 13.106-3 (Simplified Acquisition Procedures Award and Documentation). Quotations shall include a price for each Contract Line Item Number (CLIN). Factor 2 – Technical. The Government will evaluate the quoter’s capabilities to provide supplies/services in accordance with (IAW) the Solicitation. Offers will be ranked lowest to highest according to price. A price analysis will be conducted to determine whether the lowest price will result from a single award or multiple awards. Based on the price analysis, the lowest price offer or multiple offers, will be forwarded to the requiring activity for technical evaluation. Offer(s), in accordance with the specifications, will be deemed either technically acceptable or technically unacceptable. If the lowest price offer or offers is found technically acceptable and the pricing determined fair and reasonable by the Contracting Officer, evaluation will be deemed complete and award will be made based on the lowest price offer(s) Table A-1. Technical Acceptable/Unacceptable Ratings: Rating Description Acceptable Quote meets all the minimum requirements/specifications as stated or provided in the RFQ specifications. Unacceptable Quote does not clearly meet the minimum requirements/specifications as stated or provided in the RFQ specifications. Options. When applicable, the Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). SAM Registration. Award may be made without discussions or negotiations, therefore prospective contractors should have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) database (www.betasam.gov) in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 4.1102 and Part 52.204-7 when submitting a quote. The Technical and Price Quotation shall be submitted via email to: GOVERNMENT POINT OF CONTACT Purchasing Agent Name: James Chappell Email: james.e.chappell2.civ@us.navy.mil QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE RFQ: All questions concerning this RFQ are due via email to the Purchasing Agent’s email address above No Later Than (NLT) ____ business days after the sending of this Request For Quotation (RFQ) to ensure timely award. The Government may, in its sole discretion, choose not to respond to questions received after the deadline. QUOTATION CONTENTS The contractor may provide a quotation as long as it meets the Government’s minimum solicited technical standards of this Request for Quotations and the attached --------------. Quotations shall comply with or clearly state, at a minimum, the following information: (1) Open Market or GSA Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) pricing. Quotations should state “open market” or should reference the applicable GSA/FSS number. (2) Expiration date of quoted and submitted prices. (3) Contractor’s Federal Tax I.D., CAGE code, and DUNS number. (4) Payment Terms will be Net 30 unless stated differently on the quote. (5) If available, please include your company’s published price list. (6) Include estimated shipping and handling if applicable.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: James Chappell
  - Email: james.chappell@nrl.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2029231418

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Address: _____x___ U.S. Naval Research Laboratory 4555 Overlook Avenue, S.W. Bldg. 49 – Shipping/Receiving Code 3400 Washington, DC 20375 Supplies: Brand Name or Equal. Items must be brand name or equal in accordance with FAR 52.211-6. Software/Hardware/Services: This procurement is for new equipment ONLY, unless otherwise specifically stated. No remanufactured or "gray market" items are acceptable. All equipment must be covered by the manufacturer"s warranty. • Vendor shall be an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), an OEM authorized dealer, an authorized distributor, or an authorized reseller for the proposed equipment/system such that OEM warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All software licensing, warranty, and service associated with the equipment/system shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions • Offerors are required to submit documentation from the manufacturer stating that they are an authorized distributor for the specific items being procured. Note: Maintenance Renewals - The performance period for maintenance renewals, (software licenses, services, etc.), must begin on or after the date of contract award. The performance period cannot be back dated. If reinstatement fees are required, they must be listed on separate line items. Lowest Price Technically Acceptable – Factor 1 – Price. Quotes will be evaluated to determine if the price is fair, and reasonable in accordance with FAR 12.209 (Commercial Item Determination of Price Reasonableness) and in conjunction with FAR 13.106-3 (Simplified Acquisition Procedures Award and Documentation). Quotations shall include a price for each Contract Line Item Number (CLIN). Factor 2 – Technical. The Government will evaluate the quoter’s capabilities to provide supplies/services in accordance with (IAW) the Solicitation. Offers will be ranked lowest to highest according to price. A price analysis will be conducted to determine whether the lowest price will result from a single award or multiple awards. Based on the price analysis, the lowest price offer or multiple offers, will be forwarded to the requiring activity for technical evaluation. Offer(s), in accordance with the specifications, will be deemed either technically acceptable or technically unacceptable. If the lowest price offer or offers is found technically acceptable and the pricing determined fair and reasonable by the Contracting Officer, evaluation will be deemed complete and award will be made based on the lowest price offer(s) Table A-1. Technical Acceptable/Unacceptable Ratings: Rating Description Acceptable Quote meets all the minimum requirements/specifications as stated or provided in the RFQ specifications. Unacceptable Quote does not clearly meet the minimum requirements/specifications as stated or provided in the RFQ specifications. Options. When applicable, the Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). SAM Registration. Award may be made without discussions or negotiations, therefore prospective contractors should have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) database (www.betasam.gov) in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 4.1102 and Part 52.204-7 when submitting a quote. The Technical and Price Quotation shall be submitted via email to: GOVERNMENT POINT OF CONTACT Purchasing Agent Name: James Chappell Email: james.e.chappell2.civ@us.navy.mil QUESTIONS CONCERNING THE RFQ: All questions concerning this RFQ are due via email to the Purchasing Agent’s email address above No Later Than (NLT) ____ business days after the sending of this Request For Quotation (RFQ) to ensure timely award. The Government may, in its sole discretion, choose not to respond to questions received after the deadline. QUOTATION CONTENTS The contractor may provide a quotation as long as it meets the Government’s minimum solicited technical standards of this Request for Quotations and the attached --------------. Quotations shall comply with or clearly state, at a minimum, the following information: (1) Open Market or GSA Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) pricing. Quotations should state “open market” or should reference the applicable GSA/FSS number. (2) Expiration date of quoted and submitted prices. (3) Contractor’s Federal Tax I.D., CAGE code, and DUNS number. (4) Payment Terms will be Net 30 unless stated differently on the quote. (5) If available, please include your company’s published price list. (6) Include estimated shipping and handling if applicable

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d5ac055296ee472fa0d0084a196a1075/view)