---
layout: default
title: Propulsion System Rocket Engine (PSRE) Transport Trailer 2 (PTT2)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 83dd53636f7a4a0db662e32ff20341c8
---

# Propulsion System Rocket Engine (PSRE) Transport Trailer 2 (PTT2)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 08:49:48.344-04
- Solicitation Number: FA8214PTT2

## Summary

-------- ATTENTION // OPENING UP FOR ROUND #3 OF RFI in BOLD below // RESPONSE REQUESTED. --------- 3/9/2026 AGENCY/ORGANIZATION: Department of the Air Force, Air Force Materiel Command, AFNWC/NIMT WEAPON SYSTEM: Minuteman III (MMIII) Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) IPT: Ground Mechanical RFI PURPOSE: This RFI provides notice that the PTT2 program team is currently evaluating the availability and manufacturability of a form, fit, and function replacement. The form, fit, function PTT2 replacement must meet the requirements in Attachment 1. PTT2 System Requirements Document. NOTICE: This notification is for market research purposes only to identify potential contractors who have the skills, experience, and knowledge required to successfully complete this effort for the PTT2 effort and is not to be construed as a solicitation. The issuance of this RFI and responses thereto do not imply a commitment to release a solicitation. A determination by the Government not to compete any or all portions of the work discussed in this RFI rests solely within the discretion of the Government. The Government will not pay for time, effort, materials, or any other costs that arise as a consequence of responding or providing information related to this RFI. The purpose of this Sources Sought Synopsis is to conduct market research to determine if responsible sources exist and if this effort can be competitive and/or a total Small Business Set-Aside. The proposed North American Industry Classification Systems (NAICS) Code is intended to be 336212 or 336999 which have a corresponding size standard of 1,000 or fewer employees. The Government will use this information to determine the best acquisition strategy for this procurement. The Government is interested in all small business, to include 8(a), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, historically underutilized business zone (Hubzone), and Women-Owned small business concerns. BACKGROUND: The Air Force’s (AF) fleet of PTT must support the MMIII LGM-30G ICBM until the end of its operational life. However, the existing challenge of parts obsolescence poses a significant obstacle to providing seamless support. Additionally, a scarcity of spare parts, some entirely unobtainable, coupled with substantial engineering updates required by the Technical Data Package (TDP), further complicates the situation. Given these considerations, the AF aims to develop a new design, create a new TDP, and ultimately increase the PTT fleet. Procurement of five PTT2, including one to two PTT2 during the Engineering, Manufacturing, and Development (EMD) phase, will be required. During Production, the AF expects to procure the remaining three or four PTT2s for a total of five. PTT DESCRIPTION: The PTT is a trailer that provides protection and transportation of PSREs housed within a PSRE Shipping Container. The PTT is used to transport the PSRE(s) to various storage and operational locations. The PTT provides a transportation platform that limits excessive shock and vibration to the PSRE assembly. It also provides a temperature-controlled environment designed to keep the PSRE within its required temperature range during transportation. The Environmental Control Unit provides the required temperature control by use of an on-board diesel fueled generator and a closed loop Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning unit. ///////////////////////// ROUND #3 RFI /////////////////////// INFORMATION SOUGHT: Provide a detailed overview of your company's sub-contractor management plan. This plan should address, at a minimum, your procedures for: Requirement Compliance: How do you ensure sub-contractors adhere to all contractual and project-specific requirements? Performance Management: What metrics and processes do you use to monitor and evaluate sub-contractor performance in meeting cost, schedule, and technical requirements? Specialized Processes: How do you oversee and ensure the quality of specialized work, such as welding, performed by sub-contractors? Integration: How do you plan to ensure comprehension of technical requirements and configuration management is performed uniformly across sub-contractors. If planning to sub-contract more than 20% of the work, please describe your company's position on including a clause in the Statement of Work (SOW) that provides the government with full rights to communicate with sub-contractors, audit sub-contractor records, visit sub-contractor facilities, and ultimately serve as oversight and approval of all sub-contractor events (e.g., Preliminary Design Review). RESPONSES: Responsible and capable sources may identify their interest by providing a white-paper capability statement (limited to 2 pages) with sufficient information to substantiate that respondents can successfully perform all requirements. Interested parties should make an earnest effort to thoroughly answer the Government’s questions. Please see the RFI question set. Government will consider responses to one or all purposes depending on company’s capability. ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENT: Distribution of the PTT2’s Statement of Work and SRD are limited to contractors with a DD 2345 certified by the Defense Logistics Information Service, Joint Certification Program (1-877-352-2255) who have a legitimate business purpose. As such, these Attachments cannot be provided to a contractor without a certification. Contractors who would like to become certified can find the form and instructions at: https://public.logisticsinformationservice.dla.mil/PublicHome/jcp/default.aspx. This RFI is issued solely for informational and planning purposes. No funds are available to fund the information requested. The information in this notice is current as of the publication date but is subject to change and is not binding to the Government. Oral submissions of information are not acceptable. For access to the attachments, your response advising if the requirements stated above can be met, and all questions related to the above please email to the following addresses: kyle.andersen@us.af.mil and torrey.boggs.2@us.af.mil Submit the following information: Company Name and Address Cage Code Unique Identifier Company business size by North American Industry Classification (NAIC) code Small Business Type (s), if applicable Provide a response, including any recommendations and/or comments Point of Contact for questions and/or clarification Telephone Number and email address Web Page URL Teaming Partners (if applicable) Determination of Adequacy of your accounting system by DCMA and/or DCAA for Cost Type Contracts. ATTACHMENTS / LINKS: Attachment 1. General Requirements PTT2 PTT2 Response Template PTT2 Statement of Work edit: limit adjusted to 10 pages Q&A: Question 1: Is this a new requirement? Or is there an incumbent contract/contractor currently performing the services? Would you be able to share the contract details for reference? Answer 1: The PTT2 acquisition will be a new design and manufacturing effort to procure supplies not services, therefore there is no incumbent contractor performing services related to this acquisition. While this is not a new requirement in terms of the Minuteman III Weapons System, as an existing (i.e., legacy) fleet of PTTs exists, procurement of this new fleet will include new technical data package development and PTT2 manufacturing; these will mirror the legacy PTTs in terms of form, fit, and function. The legacy fleet was procured in 2004 and there has been no involvement from the OEM since procurement. Sustaining maintenance/repairs over the past 21 years has been accomplished at the depot-level, as defined in Title 10 USC 2460, consequently there are no contracts available for reference.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Torrey Boggs
  - Email: torrey.boggs.2@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kyle Andersen
  - Email: kyle.andersen@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . PTT2 System Requirements Document. NOTICE: This notification is for market research purposes only to identify potential contractors who have the skills, experience, and knowledge required to successfully complete this effort for the PTT2 effort and is not to be construed as a solicitation. The issuance of this RFI and responses thereto do not imply a commitment to release a solicitation. A determination by the Government not to compete any or all portions of the work discussed in this RFI rests solely within the discretion of the Government. The Government will not pay for time, effort, materials, or any other costs that arise as a consequence of responding or providing information related to this RFI. The purpose of this Sources Sought Synopsis is to conduct market research to determine if responsible sources exist and if this effort can be competitive and/or a total Small Business Set-Aside. The proposed North American Industry Classification Systems (NAICS) Code is intended to be 336212 or 336999 which have a corresponding size standard of 1,000 or fewer employees. The Government will use this information to determine the best acquisition strategy for this procurement. The Government is interested in all small business, to include 8(a), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, historically underutilized business zone (Hubzone), and Women-Owned small business concerns. BACKGROUND: The Air Force’s (AF) fleet of PTT must support the MMIII LGM-30G ICBM until the end of its operational life. However, the existing challenge of parts obsolescence poses a significant obstacle to providing seamless support. Additionally, a scarcity of spare parts, some entirely unobtainable, coupled with substantial engineering updates required by the Technical Data Package (TDP), further complicates the situation. Given these considerations, the AF aims to develop a new design, create a new TDP, and ultimately increase the PTT fleet. Procurement of five PTT2, including one to two PTT2 during the Engineering, Manufacturing, and Development (EMD) phase, will be required. During Production, the AF expects to procure the remaining three or four PTT2s for a total of five. PTT DESCRIPTION: The PTT is a trailer that provides protection and transportation of PSREs housed within a PSRE Shipping Container. The PTT is used to transport the PSRE(s) to various storage and operational locations. The PTT provides a transportation platform that limits excessive shock and vibration to the PSRE assembly. It also provides a temperature-controlled environment designed to keep the PSRE within its required temperature range during transportation. The Environmental Control Unit provides the required temperature control by use of an on-board diesel fueled generator and a closed loop Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning unit. ///////////////////////// ROUND #3 RFI /////////////////////// INFORMATION SOUGHT: Provide a detailed overview of your company"s sub-contractor management plan. This plan should address, at a minimum, your procedures for: Requirement Compliance: How do you ensure sub-contractors adhere to all contractual and project-specific requirements? Performance Management: What metrics and processes do you use to monitor and evaluate sub-contractor performance in meeting cost, schedule, and technical requirements? Specialized Processes: How do you oversee and ensure the quality of specialized work, such as welding, performed by sub-contractors? Integration: How do you plan to ensure comprehension of technical requirements and configuration management is performed uniformly across sub-contractors. If planning to sub-contract more than 20% of the work, please describe your company"s position on including a clause in the Statement of Work (SOW) that provides the government with full rights to communicate with sub-contractors, audit sub-contractor records, visit sub-contractor facilities, and ultimately serve as oversight and approval of all sub-contractor events (e.g., Preliminary Design Review). RESPONSES: Responsible and capable sources may identify their interest by providing a white-paper capability statement (limited to 2 pages) with sufficient information to substantiate that respondents can successfully perform all requirements. Interested parties should make an earnest effort to thoroughly answer the Government’s questions. Please see the RFI question set. Government will consider responses to one or all purposes depending on company’s capability. ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENT: Distribution of the PTT2’s Statement of Work and SRD are limited to contractors with a DD 2345 certified by the Defense Logistics Information Service, Joint Certification Program (1-877-352-2255) who have a legitimate business purpose. As such, these Attachments cannot be provided to a contractor without a certification. Contractors who would like to become certified can find the form and instructions at: https://public.logisticsinformationservice.dla.mil/PublicHome/jcp/default.aspx. This RFI is issued solely for informational and planning purposes. No funds are available to fund the information requested. The information in this notice is current as of the publication date but is subject to change and is not binding to the Government. Oral submissions of information are not acceptable. For access to the attachments, your response advising if the requirements stated above can be met, and all questions related to the above please email to the following addresses: kyle.andersen@us.af.mil and torrey.boggs.2@us.af.mil Submit the following information: Company Name and Address Cage Code Unique Identifier Company business size by North American Industry Classification (NAIC) code Small Business Type (s), if applicable Provide a response, including any recommendations and/or comments Point of Contact for questions and/or clarification Telephone Number and email address Web Page URL Teaming Partners (if applicable) Determination of Adequacy of your accounting system by DCMA and/or DCAA for Cost Type Contracts. ATTACHMENTS / LINKS: Attachment 1. General Requirements PTT2 PTT2 Response Template PTT2 Statement of Work edit: limit adjusted to 10 pages Q&A: Question 1: Is this a new requirement? Or is there an incumbent contract/contractor currently performing the services? Would you be able to share the contract details for reference? Answer 1: The PTT2 acquisition will be a new design and manufacturing effort to procure supplies not services, therefore there is no incumbent contractor performing services related to this acquisition. While this is not a new requirement in terms of the Minuteman III Weapons System, as an existing (i.e., legacy) fleet of PTTs exists, procurement of this new fleet will include new technical data package development and PTT2 manufacturing; these will mirror the legacy PTTs in terms of form, fit, and function. The legacy fleet was procured in 2004 and there has been no involvement from the OEM since procurement. Sustaining maintenance/repairs over the past 21 years has been accomplished at the depot-level, as defined in Title 10 USC 2460, consequently there are no contracts available for reference

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/83dd53636f7a4a0db662e32ff20341c8/view)