---
layout: default
title: 2025 Main Bus Program
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: bc794003775d494aa89babf7f7e2f28d
---

# 2025 Main Bus Program

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 14:38:12.076-04
- Solicitation Number: 47QMCA24R0006

## Summary

2026 SPRING OPEN SEASON Update March 5, 2026 In support of the Main Bus Program, GSA is providing the following updates for the 2026 Spring Open Season: 1) Important Dates: Bid Period Open: March 5, 2026 Bid Period Close: March 20, 2026 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time Supplemental Documents Due (if applicable): March 20, 2026 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time 2) The following attachments are hereby incorporated: MainBus_OpenSeasonConferenceFY26Fall_2026-03-04.pdf Update February 9, 2026 In support of the Main Bus Program, GSA is announcing the FY26 Spring Open Season for existing contractors to submit new model year (NMY) updates to awarded line items and for current contractors or prospective offerors to propose new models for consideration under the program. GSA will host a virtual Industry Day to provide an overview of the Spring Open Season process. Important Dates: Spring Open Season Industry Day: March 4, 2026 1:00 PM Eastern Time Bid Period Open: March 5, 2026 Bid Period Close: March 20, 2026 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time Supplemental Documents Due (if applicable): March 31, 2026 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time GSA will hold a virtual Industry Day as stated above to discuss the Open Season process. All interested parties should attend. The Google Meet joining information is as follows: 2026 Spring Main Bus Open Season Conference Wednesday, March 4 · 1:00 – 2:00 PM Eastern Time America/New York Google Meet joining info: Video call link: https://meet.google.com/ezb-tkii-ymi Or dial: ?(US) +1 402-862-6277? PIN: ?866 095 755?# More phone numbers: https://tel.meet/ezb-tkii-ymi?pin=2377596655151 --- 2025 FALL OPEN SEASON Update September 18, 2025 In support of the Main Bus Program, GSA is providing the following update for the FY25 Fall Open Season period. 1) The following attachments are hereby incorporated: JointProgram_OpenSeasonConferenceFY25Fall_2025-09-17 2) Important Dates are as follows: Comment Collector Opening in GSAFleet.gov: June 2, 2025 Bid Intention Period Opening in GSAFleet.gov: June 2, 2025 Comment Collector Closing in GSAFleet.gov: June 30, 2025 Bid Intention Period Closing in GSAFleet.gov: June 30, 2025 Fall Open Season Industry Day: September 17, 2025 at 9:00 AM Eastern Time Bid Opening in GSAFleet.gov: September 22, 2025 Bid Closing in GSAFleet.gov: October 29, 2025 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time Supplemental Documents Due (if applicable): October 29, 2025 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time Should vendors or potential offerors wish to view the recording of the conference, please request a GSA Affiliated Customer Account (GACA) to gain access. Instructions for obtaining a GACA are attached to this notice. Once approved, offerors may access the recording at the following link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/11GqYibw76yhxqYfeaCyeiB5f_3dMxW8a/view?usp=drive_link (cut and paste the address into your browser). Please note that both the Bid Intention Period and the Comment Collector periods are now closed. No new makes and models will be accepted. Update July 23, 2025 In support of the Main Bus Program, GSA is providing the following update for the FY25 Fall Open Season period. Please note that both the Bid Intention Period and the Comment Collector periods are now closed. No new new makes and models will be accepted. Important Dates: Comment Collector Opening in GSAFleet.gov: June 2, 2025 Bid Intention Period Opening in GSAFleet.gov: June 2, 2025 Comment Collector Closing in GSAFleet.gov: June 30, 2025 Bid Intention Period Closing in GSAFleet.gov: June 30, 2025 Fall Open Season Industry Day: September 17, 2025 at 9:00 AM Eastern Time Bid Opening in GSAFleet.gov: September 22, 2025 Bid Closing in GSAFleet.gov: October 29, 2025 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time Supplemental Documents Due (if applicable): October 29, 2025 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time GSA will hold a virtual Industry Day as stated above to discuss the Open Season process. All interested parties should attend. The Google Meet joining information is as follows: FY25 Fall Open Season Conference | OCONUS, Main Bus, Transit Bus Wednesday, September 17 · 9:00 – 10:30am Eastern Time Google Meet joining info: Video call link: https://meet.google.com/paf-deya-kad Or dial: ?(US) +1 267-553-4614? PIN: ?600 661 238?# More phone numbers: https://tel.meet/paf-deya-kad?pin=3859887371943 Should you have any questions, please contact your contracting team. May 27, 2025 In support of the Main Bus Program, GSA is announcing the FY25 Fall Open Season period for existing contractors to submit new model year (NMY) updates to awarded line items and for current contractors or prospective offerors to propose new models for consideration under the program. GSA will host a virtual Industry Day to provide an overview of the Fall Open Season process. The purpose of this message is to call your attention to a new process and industry engagement period intended to streamline and improve the Open Season experience: Comment Collector Period – Contractors will have the opportunity to review and provide feedback on applicable Federal Vehicle Standards. Bid Intention Submission – Contractors will be asked to indicate which existing and new makes and models they intend to submit. Please note: Bid Intention Period will be the only opportunity to propose new makes and models. Important Dates: Comment Collector Opening in GSAFleet.gov: June 2, 2025 Bid Intention Period Opening in GSAFleet.gov: June 2, 2025 Comment Collector Opening in GSAFleet.gov: June 30, 2025 Bid Intention Period Opening in GSAFleet.gov: June 30, 2025 Fall Open Season Industry Day: September 17, 2025 Bid Opening in GSAFleet.gov: September 22, 2025 Bid Closing in GSAFleet.gov: October 29, 2025 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time Supplemental Documents Due (if applicable): October 29, 2025 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time We will provide additional details as they become available. --- 2025 SPRING OPEN SEASON Update March 31, 2025 Open Season Bid closing dates are hereby updated as follows: Open Season Bid Closes in GSAFleet.gov: April 4, 2025 at 12pm Eastern Time Supplemental Documents Due (if applicable): April 4, 2025 at 12pm Eastern Time Update March 5, 2025 GSA is providing the following updates in support of the 2025 Spring Open Season: 1) Thank you for your attendance at the Open Season Industry Day Conference held on March 3, 2025. Should vendors or potential offerors wish to view the recording of the conference, please request a GSA Affiliated Customer Account (GACA) to gain access. Instructions for obtaining a GACA are attached. Once approved, offerors may access the recording at the following link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/11CEAbOX_5btrD_YwVVVzL374mOoI2QGM/view (cut and paste the address into your browser). 2) GSA has added the following attachments in support of this Open Season: GACA Instructions Open Season Industry Day Slides Note: Open season submissions will be evaluated in accordance with the terms and conditions located in Section C - Open Season of the respective contracts. All price increases shall be subject to review and approval. Increases in pricing for currently awarded models that cannot be justified will not be considered fair and reasonable. Price changes will be considered for the next model year vehicles, and new models that were not previously awarded, as well as any changes in the initial basis of award that includes new equipment, engines and optional equipment that has become standard equipment. February 24, 2025: Under solicitation 47QMCA24R0006, 2025 Main Bus Program, GSA is announcing the FY25 Spring Open Season period for existing contractors to provide new model year (NMY) information on awarded line items, as well as for existing contractors or new interested offerors to propose new models under the program. Please see the attached Special Notice for full details. GSA will hold a virtual Industry Day on Monday, March 3, from 9:00am – 10:00am Eastern Standard Time (EST) to go over the Open Season process. All interested parties should attend. Important Dates: Open Season Industry Day w/ Vendors: March 3, 2025 GSAFleet.gov Account Requests Due: March 3, 2025 Open Season Bid Opens in GSAFleet.gov: March 3, 2025 Open Season Bid Closes in GSAFleet.gov: March 31, 2025 at 12pm Eastern Standard Time Supplemental Documents Due (if applicable): March 31, 2025 at 12pm Eastern Standard Time Spring Open Season Conference | OCONUS & Main Bus Monday, March 3 · 09:00 – 10:00 Time zone: America/New_York Google Meet joining info Video call link: https://meet.google.com/paf-deya-kad Or dial: ?(US) +1 267-553-4614? PIN: ?600 661 238?# More phone numbers: https://tel.meet/paf-deya-kad?pin=3859887371943 --- October 7, 2024: UPDATE October 7, 2024 - Note the due date for Bid2 documentation and FPR responses, scheduled to close today at 4pm EDT, is extended until Wednesday, October 9, 2024 4pm EDT. (No new offers will be accepted). ************************** September 25, 2024: UPDATE September 25, 2024 - AMENDMENT #004 TO THE FINAL SOLICITATION AND ATTACHMENTS (3) ADDED. Note the due date for offers is not extended from August 13, 2024 (No new offers). ************************** August 2, 2024: UPDATE August 2, 2024 - AMENDMENT #003 TO THE FINAL SOLICITATION AND ATTACHMENTS (3) ADDED. Note the due date for offers is not extended from August 13, 2024. ************************** July 26, 2024: UPDATE July 26, 2024 - AMENDMENT #002 TO THE FINAL SOLICITATION AND ATTACHMENTS (3) ADDED. Note the due date for offers is extended from July 30, 2024 to August 13, 2024. ************************** July 3, 2024: UPDATE July 3, 2024 - AMENDMENT #001 TO THE FINAL SOLICITATION AND ATTACHMENTS (4) ADDED ************************** June 18, 2024: UPDATE June 18, 2024 - FINAL SOLICITATION AND ATTACHMENTS ADDED ************************** June 11, 2024: UPDATE JUNE 11, 2024 - PRE-PROPOSAL CONFERENCE DOCUMENTS ADDED Two attachments have been added to this SAM.gov notification - the slidedeck of the conference held today and the request for a GSAFleet.gov account. ************************** May 13, 2024: GSA will hold a virtual Pre-Proposal Conference to review solicitation instructions as well as a take questions and feedback from industry. All interested parties should plan on attending. Virtual Conference details and access instructions are as follows: 2025 Main Bus Program Pre-Proposal Conference Monday, June 10 · 11:00am – 12:00pm Time zone: America/New_York Google Meet joining info Video call link: https://meet.google.com/jpj-jpva-eud Or dial: ?(US) +1 401-646-2406? PIN: ?361 241 080?# More phone numbers: https://tel.meet/jpj-jpva-eud?pin=6929567684728 Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns. ************************** May 10, 2024: GSA is accepting industry feedback, questions, and comments on the attached DRAFT solicitation document and the associated attachments. This DRAFT solicitation will be posted until June 10, 2024. GSA intends to post the official solicitation document on June 17, 2024. GSA will accept and review industry feedback, questions, and comments at any time during this phase. Note that the Comment Collector period for this Program closed today.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Zachary Shepherd
  - Email: zachary.shepherd@gsa.gov
  - Phone: 2029697766
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brittney Woods
  - Email: lauren.woods@gsa.gov
  - Phone: 2673717294

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bc794003775d494aa89babf7f7e2f28d/view)