---
layout: default
title: Weaponeering and Stores Planning (WASP) Software Development
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 72c9befb929b4a60a1106b21e3acaf97
---

# Weaponeering and Stores Planning (WASP) Software Development

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-09 14:07:48.394-04
- Solicitation Number: N00019-26-RFPREQ-WPM281-0151

## Summary

DISCLAIMER THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. ALL INFORMATION SUBMITTED IN RESPONSE TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS VOLUNTARY AND THE GOVERNMENT WILL NOT PAY FOR INFORMATION REQUESTED NOR WILL IT COMPENSATE ANY RESPONDENT FOR ANY COST INCURRED IN DEVELOPMENT OF INFORMATION PROVIDED TO THE GOVERNMENT. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL; IT IS A MARKET RESEARCH TOOL TO DETERMINE POTENTIAL FIRMS CAPABLE OF PROVIDING THE SOLUTIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN PRIOR TO AN ISSUANCE OF A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT OBLIGATED TO AND WILL NOT PAY FOR ANY INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM POTENTIAL SOURCES AS A RESULT OF THIS NOTICE. THIS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT OF ANY KIND. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT OR NON-FAR BASED AGREEMENT (E.G. OTHER TRANSACTION) AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. FAILURE TO SUBMIT A RESPONSE WILL NOT PREVENT A COMPANY FROM PARTICIPATION IN ANY FUTURE COMPETITION RELATED TO THE WEAPONEERING AND STORES PLANNING (WASP) SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM. Introduction This sources sought announcement is being posted to satisfy the requirement of Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) Policy, Guidance, and Instruction (PGI) 206.103-170(d). The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR), Program Executive Office for Unmanned Aviation and Strike Weapons (PEO (U&W)), Strike Planning and Execution Systems Program Office (PMA-281) at Patuxent River, MD is conducting market research to determine the amount of responsible sources that have the capability, experience, facilities, and potential solutions for delivering agile software that align with the Department of War (DoW) Software Acquisition Pathway. Additionally, NAVAIR is seeking to identify interested parties that can provide classified software support for the Weaponeering and Stores Planning (WASP) legacy program. The goal is to acquire software capabilities iteratively and rapidly, leveraging modern development practices such as Agile frameworks, DevSecOps, and Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD). The software must meet operational needs, ensure cybersecurity compliance, and integrate seamlessly with existing DoW systems. NAVAIR intends to issue a sole source Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract to DCS Corporation California, MD for the continued software development of WASP versions if no other responsible and capable sources are identified. This acquisition is being pursued on a sole source basis under the statutory authority of 10 U.S.C. 3204(a)(1), as implemented by Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 6.103-1, only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. This Request for Information (RFI)/sources sought will assist NAVAIR in developing an acquisition strategy for any potential future sourcing methods for supplies and services outlined in this document. No Request For Quote (RFQ) exists; therefore, do not request a copy of the RFQ. Background The WASP program is concurrently developing and testing multiple versions of WASP for both the U.S. Navy and Foreign Military Sales (FMS) customers. Due to highly specialized and unique engineering and test requirements of the WASP program, only the incumbent has the necessary domain knowledge on WASP architecture, WASP software requirements, WASP automated test framework, Naval Aviation Technical Information Product (NATIP) safety-of-flight rules and restrictions required by the WASP program. The time required for any new contractor to become proficient in the WASP design and requirements would cause an unacceptable delay to the WASP schedule and negatively impact the aircrew safety of the Domestic and FMS partner countries. Anticipated Period of performance Q1 FY27 to Q1 FY32 Requirements NAVAIR is seeking to identify the market (U.S. wholly owned companies only) to provide support for WASP. The Government owns and will retain ownership and unlimited data rights to WASP software. Expanding on the above background information, the WASP architecture employs an N-tiered design consisting of presentation layer, business logic, and data tiers. Each tier is segmented by capability promoting the notion of a plug and play framework. A major feature of this architecture is the flexible data tier. The data tier separates aircraft platform dependent and independent data, allowing WASP source code to be developed without being tied to a specific aircraft platform. This enables the addition of new aircraft platforms and database updates to existing fielded WASP products with minimal source code modifications. Also, “Agents” which autonomously act to accomplish tasks, reside in the Data Access Layer of this architecture. These agents obtain data from external sources which include, but are not limited to database, text file and eXtensible Markup Language (XML). This approach allows the WASP business logic to operate independently of the data and not be tied to a specific source. Release of a WASP version to the FMS customer requires Certification Test. The WASP testing ensures Weaponeering solutions are an exact match (zero tolerance) to the aircraft ATIP and any applicable flight clearances. The FMS versions of WASP are U.S. baseline versions that have been sanitized for releasability. Test results are reviewed by the WASP management team and a brief prepared for the FMS customer. Each FMS partner country brings its own set of unique requirements. The WASP version is tested with the F/A-18A-F/EA-18G MPE version in use by the FMS customer, then Information Assurance and security validation are conducted. A Letter of Release is signed by the PMA-281 Program Manager (PM). The WASP software and associated documentation is then provided to the FMS customer by the FMS Team. Performance of WASP software development is driven by: The Contractor’s understanding the scope of technical requirements, events, milestones and critical paths necessary to complete the work effort as reflected in proposed code size and data requirements. The Contractor’s understanding of Naval weaponeering mission planning and Safety-of-Flight requirements as documented in the US NATIPs and NATOPS and FMS customer ATIPs; showing a clear perception and knowledge of the unique system, technical, and tactical issues applicable to the F/A-18A-F and EA-18G aircraft. Extent to which the Contractor’s test/quality program, including integration and functional testing, ensures software deliveries meet applicable WASP requirements and are documented in the test plans and test descriptions. The Contractor shall work with Government Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to evaluate existing data, identify additional data required to fulfill requirements, and develop schedule activities. The Contractor shall test all FMS WASP versions covered by this contract to demonstrate to the Government all Software Requirements Specification (SRS) and Subsystem Specification (SSS) requirements have been met. This testing is different from developer-internal testing performed as the final stage of unit integration and testing. This verification is accomplished by tests, demonstrations, analysis and inspections of all versions defined in the Statement of Work (SOW). Formal qualification procedures are to be used to verify compliance with the requirements. Successful execution of these procedures forms the basis for both classified and unclassified FMS WASP versions acceptance by the Government. The Government will conduct certification testing focusing on airworthiness-related information. The Contractor shall ensure all safety-of-flight parameters (e.g., store loading, safe escape data) supplied by all FMS WASP versions are complete and accurate. The technical accuracy of information, such as store weight, drag count, downrange travel, and time of fall for all FMS WASP versions must pass Government testing parameters and results tolerances. The objective of this notice is to solicit technical and industry feedback regarding current or near-term mature solutions capable of meeting the following software development and delivery requirements. The responsible vendors must have capability and experience to develop, integrate, test, and field their proposed solution, as well as, meet the following requirements/characteristics: Requirement/Characteristics Software Functionality Deliver a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) within the initial Program Increment (PI). Provide incremental engineering releases upon request Fully operational product should be delivered after two PIs. WASP Baseline FMS WASP version will be based on the latest Official Release to US Navy, or agreed upon version by both Contractor and WASP Class Desk. Agile Development Use Agile frameworks (Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe) tailored to Department of War (DoW) needs. Conduct sprint planning, reviews, and retrospectives. DevSecOps Integration Implement Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) pipelines with automated testing, integration, and deployment. Embed security into the development process. Cybersecurity Ensure compliance with DoW Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) standards and Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS). Open Architecture Use modular design and open standards to ensure interoperability with existing DoW systems. Provide APIs for integration. Interoperability Ensure compatibility with JMPS Framework 1.5.305 and above. Metrics and reporting Provide metrics such as velocity, defect rates, and burn-down charts to track progress. Report progress to stakeholders regularly Training and Support Provide user manuals, Application Programming Interface (API) documentation, and training materials with each software release. Ensure knowledge transfer to government personnel Certification Testing The Contractor will provide support to the Government during formal Certification and Functional testing of the Release Candidate (RC) product. Eligibility The Applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this requirement is 541519 Other Computer Related Services with a Small Business Size Standard of $34M. The Product Service Code (PSC) is AC13 – National Defense – R&D Services; Department of Defense- Military; Experimental Development Disclaimer: Any proprietary information received in response to this request will be properly protected and handled accordingly; however, it is incumbent upon the respondent to properly mark all submissions. In order to complete its review, NAVAIR must be able to share information within the Government and any responses marked in a manner that will not permit such internal Government review may be returned without being assessed/considered. The data associated with the WASP program is export controlled and is not available to foreign sources or representatives. SUBMITTAL INFORMATION Interested persons may submit a Capability Statement package identifying their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals. Only Capability Statements received prior to the closing date of this notice will be considered by the government. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract action based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Capability Statements received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Capability Statements submitted should be pertinent and specific in the technical/management/business area under consideration, on each of the following qualifications. 1. What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? 2. Can or has your company delivered supplies of this nature? If so, please provide details on how the company is able to feasibly achieve this requirement. 3. Can or has your company managed a team of subcontractors before? If so, please cite contracts and teaming arrangement. 4. Please provide details on the following technical attributes of your company’s potential solution. If a specific attribute is estimated, unknown, or not applicable, clearly state the information. a. System Characteristics b. Environmental Conditions c. Performance Limits 5. Does your company have a Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) cost estimate, anticipated Period of Performance, and if applicable, anticipated cost sharing arrangement to meet the attributes and thresholds addressed in this notice? If so, please provide the information for Government consideration. 6. Does your company have experience working with complex system of systems efforts, including multiple software packages, prototype weapons systems, engineering services and hardware/software integration of this nature? If so, please provide details. 7. Agile Development Practices: What agile frameworks does your company use, and how do you tailor them to DoW requirements? How does your company manage sprint planning, reviews, and retrospectives? What is your approach to backlog prioritization and user story development? 8. DevSecOps and CI/CD: What tools and processes do you use for CI/CD pipelines? How do you ensure automated testing and quality assurance at each stage of development? What is your approach to integrating security into the CI/CD pipeline? 9. Cybersecurity: How does your company ensure compliance with DoW cybersecurity requirements? What tools and process do you use for vulnerability scanning and penetration testing? 10. Open Architecture and Interoperability: How does your solution ensure compatibility with existing DoW systems and standards? What is your approach to modular design and open architecture? 11. Metrics and reporting: What metrics do you use to track progress and quality (e.g. velocity, defect rates)? How do you report progress to stakeholders? 12. Training and Support: What training and support do you provide for end-users and administrators? How do you ensure scalability and surge capacity? 13. Production and Delivery: What is your production capacity and timeline for delivering software increments? How do you ensure scalability and surge capacity? 14. What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensures capability to provide the supplies? If the company will be teaming or utilizing subcontractors, please include information regarding which work the subcontractor will be responsible for and how the prime will determine the subcontractor is capable of accomplishing the work. 15. Provide a statement including current small/large business status and company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office locations, CAGE code, DUNS number, etc. 16. Respondents to this notice must also indicate whether they qualify as a Small, Small Disadvantaged, Small Disadvantaged Veteran Owned Small Business, Women-Owned, 8(a), HUB Zone or Service Disabled Veteran- Owned Small Business Concern. RESPONSES Interested parties are advised against submitting a Capability Statement that merely mimics information in this notice, provides brochure-like information, or provides general information. Responses to this notice are not to exceed 15 pages in length on 8.5 x 11 inch paper with one-inch margins and font no smaller than 10 points Times New Roman. The government requests that respondents deliver responses electronically via e-mail in Microsoft Word or PDF format with proper data markings for unclassified and proprietary information no later than 15 working days after the posting date of this notice. Classified material SHALL NOT be submitted. All submissions shall include this Sources Sought Notice Reference Number, company name, company address, CAGE code, DUNS number, and a point-of-contact who is able to discuss the Capability Statement submitted. Point-of-contact information shall include name, position, phone number, and email address. Acknowledgment of receipt will be provided. All information submitted will be adequately safeguarded from unauthorized disclosure in accordance with FAR 15.101. All submissions shall be clearly marked with the following caption: Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI), Releasable to Government Agencies for Evaluation Purposes Only. Responses that fail to comply with the above instructions or present ideas not pertinent to subject, may not be reviewed. All information received in response to this notice that is marked proprietary will be handled accordingly. Information submitted in response to this notice is submitted at no cost to the government and will not be returned. The government is under no obligation to provide responses or comments to information received from interested persons, but may request additional information following review. Note: If an interested person is a foreign concern or if a U.S. interested person has a team member or partner who is a foreign entity, adherence to all International Traffic and Arms Regulations (ITAR) is required. No telephone requests for additional information will be accepted. The RFI/Sources Sought shall be submitted/transmitted via email to austin.m.gunther2.civ@us.navy.mil by the closing date of this posting. Contacts Any and all questions about this announcement shall be submitted to the following Government POC: NAVAIR Patuxent River Procurement Group Attn: Mr. Austin Gunther austin.m.gunther2.civ@us.navy.mil Strike Planning and Execution Systems Program Office (PMA-281) Attn: Leo Hoffman leo.h.hoffman.civ@us.navy.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Austin Gunther
  - Email: austin.m.gunther2.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/72c9befb929b4a60a1106b21e3acaf97/view)