---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Response Form_Multiple Award General Construction IDIQ_PA/NJ/DE
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 511b18fc871f4f0295bdcab7212b973e
---

# Sources Sought Response Form_Multiple Award General Construction IDIQ_PA/NJ/DE

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-13 09:10:02.592-04
- Solicitation Number: MarketResearchPANJDEIDIQ

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought Notice and is for informational purposes only. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS, QUOTATIONS, OR BIDS. Per Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responses do not affect a potential offeror's ability to respond to any future synopsis/solicitation. The Government will not provide reimbursement for any information that may be submitted in response to this notice. Respondents are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this notice. This notice is a market survey being conducted solely to determine whether there are adequate Small Business contractors for the following proposed procurement. The General Services Administration (GSA), Public Buildings Service (PBS), is seeking information on technically capable, and otherwise responsible, general contractors (GC) for the anticipated solicitation for a Multiple Award General Construction Services Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract. Description of Intended Contract An IDIQ is a type of contract that provides for an indefinite quantity of supplies or services during a fixed period. The GSA intends to award multiple contracts for General Construction Services. The number of awardees will be determined at a later date. After award of the IDIQ all awardees will be provided fair opportunity IAW FAR 16.505(b)(1) for specific requirements where a single task order will be issued based on selection criteria established at the ordering level, unless an exemption exists IAW FAR 16.505(b)(2). The Multiple Award IDIQ will be for a base period of one year and will include four, one year option periods for a maximum contract length of five years. The first ordering period is expected to begin on or about August 1, 2026. The anticipated Maximum Ordering Limit (MOL) for this contract vehicle is $100,000,000.00. Meaning the cumulative total for all task orders awarded to all contractors against this Multiple Award IDIQ shall not exceed $100 Million. The anticipated ordering limits are expected to be between $2,500.00 and $3,961,000.00. The typical task order is expected to be between $5,000.00 and $3,000,000.00. General Description of Services A GC shall supervise, administer, perform, and contract all construction activities required to complete a project. Construction activities for the anticipated solicitation include but are not limited to commercial office construction and/or renovations/repairs, MEP (Mechanical/Electrical/Plumbing) repairs/modifications/replacement, fire sprinkler systems repairs/modification/replacement, sitework, exterior construction repair and alterations (including facades and roofs), demolition (including abatement of hazardous materials), elevator modernizations and any other construction activities the government may require. The GC may be required to utilize the following delivery methods to complete projects for the GSA; 1. Design/Bid/Build (DBB) Traditional 2. Design/Build (D/B) 3. Design/Build Bridging 4. Construction Manager as Constructor (CMc) Location of Services The anticipated initial geographical location for this requirement is expected to cover the following areas: Pennsylvania: Counties of Adams, Bedford, Berks, Blair, Bradford, Bucks, Carbon, Centre, Chester, Clinton, Columbia, Cumberland, Dauphin, Delaware, Franklin, Fulton, Huntingdon, Juniata, Lackawanna, Lancaster, Lebanon, Lehigh, Luzerne, Lycoming, Mifflin, Monroe, Montgomery, Montour, Northampton, Northumberland, Perry, Philadelphia, Pike, Potter, Schuylkill, Snyder, Sullivan, Susquehanna, Tioga, Union, Wayne, Wyoming, and York New Jersey: All counties excluding Bergen, Passaic, Morris, Essex, Hudson, Monmouth, Middlesex and Union; Delaware: Entire State *Interested contractors ARE NOT expected to be able to provide coverage of the entire geographical area. GSA reserves the right to add additional geographic areas to any of the awarded contracts within the 5 (five) state region of Region 3 and any states bordering the previously listed states. Size Standard The applicable NAICS code is 236220, Commercial and Institutional Building Construction, and the small business size standard is $45 million. Selection Procedures The anticipated contract will be procured utilizing source selection procedures as described in FAR PART 15.103 to select the firms offering the best value to the Government in terms of price and technical merit and whose performance is expected to best meet stated Government requirements. Accordingly, award will be made to the highest technically rated firm with a fair and reasonable price approach. Response Information: Interested contractors shall complete the form (LINK IS PROVIDED IN ATTACHMENT/LINKS SECTION) via google suite no later than 12:00 PM on Monday, April 27, 2026. If a contractor is unable to complete this form through the google suite, they shall complete the attached form and return to the contracting officer no later than date specified by email at connor.eagan@gsa.gov. Responses to this Sources Sought announcement will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. All interested Small Business contractors are encouraged to submit responses. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response. After review of the information received, a solicitation may be published on www.sam.gov. A determination by the Government to proceed with the acquisition as a set-aside is within the sole discretion of the Contracting Officer.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Connor Eagan
  - Email: connor.eagan@gsa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/511b18fc871f4f0295bdcab7212b973e/view)