---
layout: default
title: H999--SPS Water Sampling- Service Contract
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 17cbcf11b5674ab29fb8bdbe28699162
---

# H999--SPS Water Sampling- Service Contract

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 11:52:12.683-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0419
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis-Solicitation for Commercial Products and Services Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2025-06; October 1, 2025. This solicitation is set-aside for SDVOSB The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 541380, with a small business size standard of $19.0 Million. The FSC/PSC is H999. The Manchester VA Medical Center 718 Smyth Road, Manchester NH 03104 is seeking to purchase Water Testing for Sterile Processing Service Contract. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services Line Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0001 Provide water testing for Sterile Processing 12 Mo 1001 Provide water testing for Sterile Processing 12 Mo 2001 Provide water testing for Sterile Processing 12 Mo 3001 Provide water testing for Sterile Processing 12 Mo 4001 Provide water testing for Sterile Processing 12 Mo STATEMENT OF WORK Water Testing for Sterile Processing Service INTRODUCTION The purpose of this contract is to obtain water testing services for the Manchester Veterans Affairs Medical Center (VAMC), located at 718 Smyth Road, Manchester, NH 03104. The primary goal is to meet the Veterans Affairs National Program Office for Sterile Processing (NPOSP/10NC6) guidance that requires testing and monitoring per. AAMI ST 108-2023 REQUIREMENTS Contractor shall furnish all labor, supervision, materials, supplies, and equipment necessary to accomplish each listed task in this statement of work to accomplish the requirements of the VAMC. Water Sample Collection The Contractor will collect water samples from several designated sampling points, all within the facility Sterile Processing Service (SPS). Sample parameters and frequency will be in accordance with Table 5 & Table 6 in this document. Refer to AAMI ST 108-2023 for more details on SPS testing requirements. Sample points will be for SPS critical water as defined by AAMI ST 108-2023. This currently includes the following sample points: Post Filter Osmosis. Critical Water Sink (Decon). Washer/Disinfector. Medivator #1. Medivator #2. Medivator #3. Medivator #4. Steam. Utility Water Sink. Hobart- Dishwasher. Ultrasonic. Re-looped Filter Osmosis. Sample Location Water Type Frequency Water Measurement/ Testing 1 Post Filter Osmosis Critical Water Monthly Table 6 2 Critical Water Sink (Decon) Critical Water Monthly Table 6 3 Washer/Disinfector Critical Water Monthly Table 6 4 Medivator #1 Critical Water Monthly Table 6 5 Medivator #2 Critical Water Monthly Table 6 6 Medivator #3 Critical Water Monthly Table 6 7 Medivator #4 Critical Water Monthly Table 6 8 Steam Utility Water Quarterly Table 6 9 Utility Water Sink Utility Water Quarterly Table 6 10 Hobart- Dishwasher Utility Water Quarterly Table 6 11 Ultrasonic Utility Water Quarterly Table 6 12 Re-looped Filter Osmosis Critical Water Upon Water Result Failures Table 6 Samples can be collected from the existing ports. Re-sample needed upon any water failures and then corrective measures conducted. The contractor shall provide retest within 48 hour after the request for retest from the COR. Sample location, frequency, and water measurement/testing shall vary based on the changes/update of the AAMI ST 108-2023 and other standard guidance. The contractor shall be flexible in testing/retesting sample locations. Additions/deletions may be needed depended on the requirement of the SPS department. Samples are to be collected and received/accepted by the testing laboratory within 24 hours. Contractor to ensure samples arrive during the laboratory s normal operating hours. The contractor will be required to schedule water sample collection with the COR. Contractor staff collecting samples will be trained and follow SM 9060 for potable water sample collection. Water Sample Analysis Sample analysis will be conducted by a laboratory that holds current accreditation for each analyte and method. Results Reporting The contractor shall deliver the water results from the sampling/re-testing within 7 business days of day that the samples were taken. The contractor shall provide the water results to the COR, chief of SPS, and the administration of SPS. The VAMC will be provided with a copy of the sample chain of custody and laboratory results reports. Turnaround times (TAT) for results reporting are listed Table 5 & Table 6. Results may be provided to designated VAMC points of contact via email. Additionally, the contractor will provide a copy of the standardized testing process for each parameter for government review prior to work start. This process must be followed each time the samples are taken a report furnished to the VA stating that the testing was done in accordance with the approved procedures. Results reports will include the name of the laboratory that performed the analysis, test method, sample source name and location, the date and time the sample was collected, received, and analyzed. The Contactor will notify the VAMC of any samples that exceed hold time or temperature, whereupon the VAMC will determine whether to proceed with analysis or have the Contractor resample at no additional cost to the VAMC. Resample/Additional Samples If any samples results are above the specifications of AAMI ST 108-2023, the VAMC may request additional samples be collected outside the regular sample frequency. The Contractor will have 48 hours upon notice by the VAMC to resample or collect additional samples. Responses The Contractor will respond to basic inquiries and clarifications of sample results within 6-8 hours of inquiry from the VAMC. The Contract will notify the VAMC 14 days in advance to schedule regular sample collection. The Contractor will coordinate timing with the COR, so SPS operations are not impacted. This may mean testing has to occur off tour. MATERIALS AVAILABLE The Contractor is responsible for supplying all needed materials and supplies to carry out work under this contract. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS The Contractor has an ongoing obligation throughout the Period of Performance to notify the VA Contracting Officer immediately and in writing, upon its loss (or any of its subcontractors) of any required certification, accreditation, or licensure. Contractor shall follow VA requirements for physical and information security. Contractor s assigned employees will be subject to background investigation and shall obtain temporary contractor badging for all employees servicing the contract prior to performing site work. The provisions of all applicable OSHA, EPA, and all Federal, State, and local regulations shall be followed throughout the course of this project. Contractor vehicles, including those of their employees, are to be parked at the end of Lot E . This parking lot is located by the salt shed at the north end of campus. No vehicles will be allowed to park around buildings or at loading dock areas. Loading docks are available for use for unloading and loading of materials and tools then must be moved to parking lot E . Smoking is not permitted on campus. The contractor shall operate on the premises during the hours of 0700 and 1630, unless otherwise authorized by the COR. All vendor technicians performing work on site must report to Facility Service in Building 6 to the contractor badge check in/out room to sign in on the contractor log and get a Contractor badge. Badges must be returned, and log signed out prior to departing the premises. Vendor shall then coordinate with the COR prior to performing their work. SAFTEY REQUIREMENTS The Contractor will comply with all OSHA, NEC, as well as all national, federal, and state requirements as needed. Contractor will wear appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) throughout work. Contractor will comply with Infection Control requirements to include but not limited to wearing a surgical mask and/or shield as required. REFERENCES/ATTACHMENTS Table 5 & Table 6. EVALUATION (required for review prior to award) Pass/Fail Item Staff organization chart showing all personnel who will be working on the project and their capacity/function. Staff qualifications, training, accreditations, and licenses Proof of contractor competency/training Proof of laboratory qualifications WORK- The contract period of performance is August 20, 2026 to August 19, 2027. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: 718 Smyth Road Manchester, NH Postal Code: 03104 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023) FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Oct 2025) Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. If paragraph (j) of the provision is applicable, a written submission is required. The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023) VAAR 852.219-75, limitations on Subcontracting (NOV 2022). All quoters shall submit the following: Questions: Any questions must be submitted in writing no later than Tuesday 5 May 2026 at 5:00 PM EST. Answers to the questions will be posted by the following week. Site Visit information: A site visit will be held on Thursday, 30 April 2026 at 10:00 AM EST located at the Manchester VAMC. Please contact James Blevins directly (james.blevins3@va.gov; Cell: 603-296-7575) to schedule attendance. Please note all questions must be submitted to Shawn Lawrence (Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov), prior to Tuesday 5 May 2026 at 5:00 PM EST. No questions will be answered at the site visit. Quote: Offeror shall provide a quote using the Line item table above. Offerors must also provide all applicable labor rates for the solicited services so they can be compared to the applicable wage determination for compliance with the Service Contract Labor Standards. All quotes shall be sent to the Contract Specialist, Shawn Lawrence at Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of FAR 13. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. The following are the decision factors: Price: Quotes will be compared by price. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the Statement of Work in a timely efficient manner.Â Past Performance The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms, conditions. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than 15 May 2026 at 5:00:00 PM EST. All quotes shall be emailed to Shawn Lawrence at Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact: Shawn Lawrence, Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shawn Lawrence
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Shawn.Lawrence@va.gov
  - Phone: 203-932-5711

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/17cbcf11b5674ab29fb8bdbe28699162/view)