---
layout: default
title: PARTS KIT,BALL VALV
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 67f5eb5f1a974542b5dfc7881bd8fc84
---

# PARTS KIT,BALL VALV

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 17:13:44.185-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QZA46

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (NAVICP REVIEW FEB 1991)(FEB 1999)|1|ISO 9001| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|B| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications; Combo Receiving Report & Invoice - Material||TBD|N00104|TBD|N39040 - Certifications; S4306A - Material|N50286|TBD|133.2|N/A|N/A|S4306A - Material|N/A|N/A|See DD142 3| PORT_PTNH_WAWF_NOTIFICATION@NAVY.MIL| MONETARY LIMITATION REPAIR PURCHASE ORDERS|1|TBD| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|one year from date of delivery|one year from date of delivery||||| WARRANTY OF DATA--BASIC (MAR 2014)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|332919|750|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation closing date to 31 March 2026. The following remark is also incorporated: 1. Offerors must have a valid U.S. security clearance of CONFIDENTIAL or higher in order to respond to this RFQ (Announcement), because the RFQ (Announcement) includes an annex (information) classified at the CONFIDENTIALlevel which will be released only to offerors possessing the appropriate clearance. All classified material must be handled in accordance with the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM) (DoD 5220-22-M) and Industrial Security Regulation (DoD 5220.22-R). All other terms and conditions remain the same. \ 1. THIS SOLICITATION IS BEING ISSUED UNDER EMERGENCY ACQUISITION FLEXIBILITIES. 2. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 3. Any contract/order awarded as a result of this solicitation will be a "DO" rated order certified for national defense use under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). 4. Only those sources with an acceptable Quality Assurance Manual are eligible for award under this solicitation (see WSSTERMLZ02). 5. If drawings are included in the solicitation, access must be requested on the individual solicitation page on Contract Opportunities via the Government's SAM.gov website. Include your cage code with your request. 6. Unless otherwise stated on the DD 1423, submission of ALL DD form 1423 certification data (CDRLs) will be on or before 20 days prior to the material (line item 0001AA) delivery date. PNSY review/acceptance of CDRLs shall be 6 working days after receipt of CDRLs. Final delivery of material will be on or before TBD days after the effective date of the contract. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 1.1.1 This ;Ball Valve Parts Kit; contains non-metallic materials which must satisfy the toxicity and flammability requirements of NAVSEA SS800-AG-MAN-010/P-9290. Use of any material other than that specified requires special engineering approval and may require testing. 1.1.2 LI-SOC ITEM - It has been determined that this item falls within both the Level I boundary and the Scope of Certification (SOC) boundary. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained.

2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. 2.2.2 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.2.3 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=7066816 |53711| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7285297 |53711| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=8617511 |53711| N| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE AMS 6931 | | |D |171201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SS800-AG-MAN-010/P-9290 | | |A |200324|A| |42| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 REFURBISHED MATERIAL STATEMENT OF WORK (REPAIR SOW) - 3.1.1 INSPECTION - Clean and determine if refurbishment is possible. At disassembly, the Contractor must record all identifying markings found on the parts of each assembly. The Contractor must maintain traceability of these markings to each unit throughout refurbishment. 3.1.2 IDENTIFYING MARKINGS - Part must have a MIC (Material Identification a and Control) code, heat/heat lot code, or unique Contractor traceability number/code that is visible on the part. See Material Traceability in paragraph 3 (Quality Assurance Provisions) of this contract for traceability requirements. The MIC code can consist of a 2, 3, or 4 letter material identifier, 4 or 5 digit Julian date, 3 digit lot serial number, and Certifying Activity Designator (CAD) which will be 1 or 2 letters; the 4 parts are normally separated by hyphens; examples: TIA-3089-30-QQ and ST-06262-506-A. 3.1.3 RE-USEABLE PARTS - - Any parts of the original assembly that are useable (replacement is not necessary), that are properly marked as identified above, and that have material certifications available may be utilized as initially supplied. Certifications are not required to be resubmitted by the contractor. - Any parts of the original assembly that are useable (replacement is not necessary), are properly marked as identified above, but material certifications are not available at the contractor's facility, a waiver must be submitted in accordance with Waiver/Deviation (Configuration Control) requirements specified elsewhere in the Contract. 3.1.4 NON-USEABLE PARTS - -Any parts of the original assembly that are not properly marked as identified above must be replaced and the required certifications must be submitted. - Any parts of the original assembly that are not usable (replacement is necessary) must be replaced and the required certifications must be submitted. 3.1.5 REFURBISHMENT - Upon completion of inspection, this item must be refurbished to be in accordance with ;NAVSEA Drawing 7066816, consisting of one Ball piece 5 and for two mating Seats piece 6; , except as amplified or modified herein. This applies to all "Parts Requiring Certification" as identified elsewhere in this Contract/Purchase Order. 3.1.6 ADDITIONAL SOW REQUIREMENTS - ;Balls which are not usable must be dispositioned and new balls are not to be manufactured under this contract.;

3.2 Material for Parts Requiring Certification - Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis is required for the parts listed below unless specifically stated otherwise: Part - ;Ball, Piece 5; Material - SAE-AMS-6931 Note: Mechanical properties for bars, forgings and forging stock over 10" must be as specified in the applicable drawing. If the mechanical properties are not provided in the drawing, the mechanical properties specified in SAE-AMS-6931 Table 2 for material 6" to 10", must be applied. Part - ;Seats (Q3) - Piece 6; Material - MD71-GG Mearthane (Graphite Filled Urethane). Material must be manufactured by Mearthane Products Inc. Cranston, RI. (Properties Specified Below Only) ITEM PROPERTY ASTM TEST METHOD VALUE (A) Hardness D2240 70 +/- 5 Shore D (B) Specific Gravity D792 1.18 +/- 0.02 (C) Tensile Strength D412 (DIEC) 5000 PSI MIN (D) Compression-Defl D575 700 PSI MIN @ 2% DEF. (E) Tensile Impact D1822 300 FT-LB/SQ IN (Note 1) (TYPE L SPECIMEN) (F) Water Absorption D570 1.5% MAX (1 Week at R.T.) Note 1: These values are minimum averages. Separate specimen values may not vary more than 25% under the specified minimum. 3.3 ;Ball outside diameter may be reworked to a minimum of 6.740 inches to refurbish the ball surface to meet drawing requirements and represents a relaxation below the drawing dimension. All other dimensions including Sphericity andconcentricity apply. Balls which require reworking beyond the limitation specified herein are to be dispositioned as noted elsewhere in the contract. Defects in the Ball Stem Slot are acceptable if backlash between Ball and Stem does not exceed 5 degrees and defects must not exceed 0.050 inches in depth or cover more than 40 percent of the surface.; 3.4 ;Seats are to be manufactured and must meet the drawing stack height requirement when mated with the refurbished ball.;

3.5 Testing Certification - Certifications are required for the following tests on the items listed below. Additional testing on other piece parts (if any) per applicable drawings and specifications is still required, but certifications are only required as listed below. Test - Non-Destructive Tests Item - ;Weld Repair (as applicable); Performance - Per applicable fabrication specification Acceptance - Per applicable fabrication specification

3.6 Ball Spherical Surface Waviness - Unless otherwise specified on drawing, all sealing area surfaces must have a spherical surface waviness which does not exceed 0.0005 inches of height per inch of spherical surface. Roughness and waviness ratings must apply in a direction which yields the maximum rating, normally perpendicular to the lay. 3.7 ;Ball surface waviness must be verified prior to teflon coating.;

3.8 Chemours Company (formerly DuPont) Teflon Coating 850G-204 and 852G-201. Use of Chemours Company (formerly DuPont) Teflon Coating 851N-204 and 852N-201 is acceptable until exhausted - Teflon coating of ball(s) must be in accordance with general note ;8; of drawing ;8617511; . 3.8.1 Naval Ordnance Systems Command OD 10362 First Revision dated 15 Aug 1961 is provided by Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD018 in ECDS at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/

3.9 Welding or Brazing - When welding, brazing, and allied processes are required, as invoked by Section C paragraph 3 requirements, they must be in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, 0900-LP-001-7000 for brazing of piping and pressure vessel applications, or S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 for brazing of other applications. For all production and repair welding and brazing personnel and procedures must be qualified under S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 or 0900-LP-001-7000, as applicable. Procedures and Qualification Data must be submitted for review and approval prior to performing any welding or brazing.

3.10 A visual inspection shall be performed on the finished seat with acceptance criteria on critical surfaces per CSD167 in the ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/.

3.11 Seat Stack Height Measurement - To ensure that each seat is within tolerance, check each seat individually by measuring the seat height with the ball resting on the seat. Limits are determined by the ball diameter tolerance and the stack height tolerance combined. Refer to CSD171 for recommended methods to measure and calculate stack heights. CSD171 is available in the ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/.

3.12 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings.

3.13 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.13.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.13.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.13.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change.

3.14 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection.

3.15 NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010 - Any applicable requirements of NAVSHIPS 4410.17,NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010, or 0948-045-7010 which the contractor must meet are included in this contract/purchase order. The above documents are for GovernmentUse Only. Further application of the above documents is prohibited.prohibited. 3.15.1 Marking of material with a Material Designator per the Drawing is also prohibited, with the exception of Fasteners. Fasteners must be marked with a Material Symbol/Designator as specified elsewhere in this contract. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^

3.16 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Test Certification) - A statement of tests performed, listing the pieces tested must be furnished along with a copy of the test results. Certification must include the contractor's name, address and date, quantity inspected, identified to the contract/purchase order and item number, and the Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature. Test certifications must reference the standard/specification, including the revision, to which the testing was performed and the acceptance criteria used. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. Test reports on weldments must be identified to weld joint and layer.

3.17 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-45662, is acceptable as an alternate. 3.17.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/non-acceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.17.2 The Contractor's quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.17.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of Level I/SUBSAFE (LI/SS) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.17.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.17.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require re-submittal to the PCO and concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption.

3.18 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. Inspection records must be traceable to the material inspected. 3.18.1 The supplier's gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.18.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative.

3.19 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately."

3.20 The prime contractor's program must include procedures to assess the capability of the prospective suppliers to produce the products or supply the services in accordance with the contract, prior to the issuance of any purchase document. 3.20.1 Each sub-tier supplier of material or services for items in Section 3 of this contract must be subjected to a periodic review or audit by the Prime to determine the continued capability of the supplier to control the quality of the products or services specified in the purchase order or contract. 3.20.2 The prime contractor must ensure that the purchased product conforms to specified purchase requirements and this contract. The type and extent of control applied to the supplier and the purchased product must be dependent upon the effect of the purchased product on the end item represented by this contract. 3.20.3 The prime contractor must evaluate the requirements of the contract and select suppliers based on their ability to supply the product in accordance with the prime contractor's requirements and the contract. Criteria for selection and evaluation must be established. Records of this effort must be available for review by the government. 3.20.4 The prime contractor's supplier quality assurance program must provide for a review of purchase documents to assure applicable quality requirements are included or referenced in the documentation for compliance by the supplier.

3.21 Government Furnished Material and/or Equipment (GFM/GFE) - When material or equipment is furnished by the Government, the Contractor must develop documented control procedures that require at least the following: 3.21.1 Visual examination upon receipt to detect damage during transit. 3.21.2 Inspection for completeness and proper type. 3.21.3 Verification of material quality received. 3.21.4 Periodic inspection and precautions to assure adequate storage conditions and to guard against damage from handling and deterioration during storage. 3.21.5 Functional testing, either prior to or after installation, or both, as required by the Contract to determine satisfactory operation. 3.21.6 Identification and protection from improper use or disposition. 3.21.7 Reporting to the Government, any GFM or GFE property found damaged, malfunctioning, or otherwise unsuitable for use. In the event of damage or malfunction during or after installation, the supplier must determine and record probable cause and necessity for withholding the material from use. 3.21.8 For GFE material, and as required by the terms of the bailment agreement, the supplier must establish procedures for adequate storage, maintenance, and inspection of bailed Government material. Records of all inspection and maintenance performed on bailed property must be maintained. 3.21.9 Material returned to the contractor must be handled as GFM.

3.22 Traceability and Certification Requirements - To assure that correct materials are installed in Level I/SUBSAFE systems, it is imperative that traceability be maintained from the material to the material certification test report and other required Objective Quality Evidence (OQE). The material certification report must completely and accurately reflect that the material supplied meets the specified requirements. Materials requiring Traceability and Certification Data are identified within Paragraph 3, Section C of this contract/purchase order. 3.22.1 The following provides the minimum requirements for maintaining material traceability and supplements the requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020 and elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. The Contractor must develop written procedures that implement the material control requirements stated herein.

3.23 Material Traceability - The certification data report must be identified through a unique traceability number, heat-lot number, or heat-treat number for metallic material or batch of non-metallic material, as applicable, which must also be marked on the material. This traceability marking on the material must provide direct traceability to the material's chemical composition and mechanical properties certification data. For material produced by batch, continuous cast, or continuous pour processes, samples must be taken no less than once in every eight hours of operation for the purpose of validating proper chemical composition and mechanical properties. Traceability must be maintained through all process operations including any subcontracted operations, to the finished component. 3.23.1 Material Marking for Traceability and Identification - The following are the minimum marking requirements. Additional/alternate marking requirements, if applicable, will be specified elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. In addition to the marking requirements on applicable drawings and/or specifications, marking for traceability is required. All traceability markings must be permanently applied in accordance with MIL-STD-792 (except as specified below). An alternate marking method is permissible provided it is an available option in the contractually invoked specification or drawing, except in instances where the material has been modified by this contract/purchase order and differs from that specified in the specification or drawing. 3.23.2 Traceability markings for items with precision machined or plated surfaces, or material with suitable marking surface areas less than 3/8 inches square (either 3/8" x 3/8" or an area equal to 0.1406 inches square) must be applied to a durable tag and the tag securely affixed to the material. 3.23.3 Permanent marking must be legible and must be located so as to not affect the form, fit, and function of the material. ;Ball must be marked in the waterway and seats to be marked on the outer cylindrical surface.; 3.23.4 Seat Marking - Each seat must be permanently marked in accordance with MIL-STD-792, type I and as stated below, except for Teflon seats, which must only be tagged. Type IX marking may be substituted for type I, provided the minimum character size scribed by the marking tool must be approximately 3/32 inch high to insure legibility. Permanent marking is not permitted on Teflon seats. Seat marking requirements must maintain complete traceability to certification OQE. Seat marking must be either heat/lot or batch number, a vendor traceability number/code, or a combination thereof and must be unique to the material certification. 3.23.5 Traceability markings must be maintained through assembly, and whenever possible must be visible after assembly. For items where the marking is not visible after assembly, a durable tag must be securely attached to the item identifying the part number, piece number, traceability number, and the location of the permanent mark.

3.24 See CDRL-DI-MISC-81020 (Chemical and Mechanical) and CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (SEAT MATERIAL) - Material Certifications - The following material certification requirements apply: 3.24.1 Metallic Material - Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis of material traceable to traceability markings is required. Material certification test reports must include the class, form, condition, grade, type, finish, and/or composition, as applicable, of the material supplied. 3.24.2 Non-Metallic Material - The Contractor must furnish the applicable test reports for each heat/lot/batch of seat material. Material certification test reports must include, in addition to the specification, the class, form, grade, type, process, and/or composition, as applicable, of the material supplied. 3.24.3 Re-identification and re-certification of metallic material is required when the material is subjected to a process which alters its properties. If the starting material or raw stock is processed in a manner that will not affect its chemical composition or mechanical properties, the original certifications for the chemical composition and mechanical properties, as required by the material specification, are acceptable. Re-certification of the chemical or mechanical properties is required if a process is used during fabrication that alters the original properties of the material (e.g. alloying, heat treating, or forming). In these instances, the properties of the material must be re-determined and documented to reflect the altered condition. The altered material must be uniquely re-identified. The properties thus determined and documented, are required for final certification and must conform to the material specification or the contract/purchase order requirements. When only the mechanical properties are altered, the original certification forchemical composition must be overstamped and annotated with the unique traceability marking used with the altered material and at a minimum contain the information below. TRACEABILITY MARKING________________________________________________ (marking on finished item) IS FABRICATED FROM RAW MATERIAL IDENTIFIED TO HEAT/LOT NUMBER _______________ AND HEAT TREAT NUMBER ______________________ (when applicable) _________________________________________ DATE _________________...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176052430
  - Email: KATHRYN.E.SHUTT.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: classified at the CONFIDENTIALlevel which will be released only to offerors possessing the appropriate clearance. All classified material must be handled in accordance with the National Industrial Security Program Operating Manual (NISPOM) (DoD 5220-22-M) and Industrial Security Regulation (DoD 5220.22-R). All other terms and conditions remain the same. \ 1. THIS SOLICITATION IS BEING ISSUED UNDER EMERGENCY ACQUISITION FLEXIBILITIES. 2. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor"s written acceptance prior to execution. 3. Any contract/order awarded as a result of this solicitation will be a "DO" rated order certified for national defense use under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). 4. Only those sources with an acceptable Quality Assurance Manual are eligible for award under this solicitation (see WSSTERMLZ02). 5. If drawings are included in the solicitation, access must be requested on the individual solicitation page on Contract Opportunities via the Government"s SAM.gov website. Include your cage code with your request. 6. Unless otherwise stated on the DD 1423, submission of ALL DD form 1423 certification data (CDRLs) will be on or before 20 days prior to the material (line item 0001AA) delivery date. PNSY review/acceptance of CDRLs shall be 6 working days after receipt of CDRLs. Final delivery of material will be on or before TBD days after the effective date of the contract. \ 1. SCOPE
- Attachment 2: this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=7066816 |53711| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7285297 |53711| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=8617511 |53711| N| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE AMS 6931 | | |D |171201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SS800-AG-MAN-010/P-9290 | | |A |200324|A| |42| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/67f5eb5f1a974542b5dfc7881bd8fc84/view)