---
layout: default
title: SEWIP Family of Systems MAC-IDIQ
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 4d42f581c3e549278c10995068c61f0f
---

# SEWIP Family of Systems MAC-IDIQ

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 16:31:51.55-04
- Solicitation Number: N0002426R5504

## Summary

02 April 2026 This update includes solicitation N00024-26-R-5504 Amendment 4. The purpose of this amendment is to 1) delete 52.242-4 Certification of Final Indirect Costs from Section I and the FAR/DFARS/NAVSEA Fill-In Provisions and Clauses Spreadsheet and 2) incorporate recent clause deviation updates resulting from FAR overhaul efforts, such that all deviated clauses either a) include a deviation number, b) include a date, or c) are incorporated by full text. The following solicitation artifacts are new: 1) SF33___N0002426R5504_0004 2) SF30___N0002426R5504_0004_4_2_2026 3) Required_Fill_Ins_N0002426R5504_A0004 The Government has re-posted the most recent versions of the remaining solicitation artifacts in PIEE update 0009 for the Offerors’ convenience. Offerors?shall?acknowledge receipt of any amendment to this?solicitation as part of proposal submission. Compliant Offerors shall acknowledge all solicitation amendments by either completing and signing the N00024-26-R-5504 Amendment 4 SF33 Cover Page and listing each amendment and amendment date in Block 14, OR, completing and signing the solicitation N00024-26-R-5504 SF33 Cover Page as well signing and submitting each Amendment’s SF30 Cover Page. 30 March 2026 The Government is posting the following update to provide clarity following the issuance of N00024-26-R-5504 Amendment 2 and Amendment 3 on March 26th and March 27th 2026, respectively. Acknowledging Receipt of Solicitation Amendments: Offerors?shall?acknowledge receipt of any amendment to this?solicitation as part of proposal submission. Compliant Offerors shall acknowledge all solicitation amendments by either completing and signing the N00024-26-R-5504 Amendment 3 SF33 Cover Page and listing each amendment and amendment date in Block 14, OR, completing and signing the solicitation N00024-26-R-5504 SF33 Cover Page as well signing and submitting each Amendment’s SF30 Cover Page. Location of Required Proposal Files: The Government has re-posted the most recent versions of each solicitation document in PIEE update 0008 for the Offerors’ convenience. None of the documents provided are new documents not available in one of the prior updates. Additional Clarification: Regarding the requirement under L.5.8 to submit a document containing the fill-ins to be done by the Offeror, these fill-ins shall be submitted as a separate document from the SF33/30 Cover Page, in accordance with L.5.4. This document can either be excerpt pages (PDF) from the complete SF33 where Offeror fill-ins are noted where the Offeror has provided the fill-in information, or this could be a word document in the Offeror's format which outlines all of the required clauses and provides the fill-in information. 27 March 2026 This update extends the proposal due date to 9 April 2026 as the previous amendment had only extended the date to 8 April 2026. 26 March 2026 This update extends the proposal due date to 9 April 2026, incorporates updated clauses due to the FAR overhaul, updates the Statement of work, and modifies the contract format with administrative changes due to the transition to new contract software. 05 March 2026 The Government has posted updated responses to Bidder’s Questions received. Please see the updated file in the Attachments section of the PIEE Solicitation Module. 26 February 2026 The Government has posted the Solicitation Amendment N00024-26-R-5504 A0001. Among other changes, this amendment extends to the proposal due date to 31 March 2026. Correspondingly, the following files have been uploaded in the PIEE Solicitation Module Attachments Section: N00024-26-R-5504 A0001.pdf N00024-26-R-5504 conformed through A0001.pdf N00024-26-R-5504 Amendment 1 Redlines.docx The Microsoft Word Document file N00024-26-R-5504 Amendment 1 Redlines.docx has been attached as a courtesy, to assist in the reviewing of changes from the original solicitation. Also, due to NAVSEA transitioning contract writing systems, a second amendment is anticipated in the near future. While the Government reserves the right to make any changes in a future amendment, we anticipate this second amendment will include primarily formatting and administrative changes, as well as incorporating changes to FAR/DFARs clauses as a result of recent Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) efforts. For the purposes of final proposal submittal, Offerors will be required to sign and submit: The original RFP_N0002426R5504.pdf file, signing on the SF33 signature page The Amendment 1 N00024-26-R-5504 A0001.pdf file, signing on the SF30 signature page Any future amendments 25 February 2026 The Government has posted the second batch of responses to Bidder’s Questions received. Please see the new file in the Attachments Section of the PIEE Solicitation Module. Multiple responses refer to an upcoming solicitation amendment. The Government anticipates formally issuing that amendment by 27 February 2026. Of note, that amendment will include an extension of the proposal due date to 05:00 PM EDT 31 March 2026. Per responses to Questions No. 3, 4, 14,15, and 22, an updated CDRL A001 - Program Management Plan and DD254 have been uploaded to the Attachments Section of the PIEE Solicitation Module. 11 February 2026 Bidder’s Questions Responses: The Government has posted the first batch of responses to Bidder’s Questions received. Please see the file in the Attachments Section of the PIEE Solicitation Module Posting. Per L-215-H007, the deadline for submitting Bidder’s Questions that the Government commits to answering is fifteen (15) calendar days after the posting of the solicitation (30 January 2026). The Government recognizes that this deadline falls on a holiday weekend; therefore, the Government will commit to responding to any questions received by 4:00 PM EST Tuesday, 17 February 2026. The Government will continue to accept questions after the deadline but cannot guarantee providing additional responses. Related Pre-Solicitation SAM.gov Notice: The related pre-solicitation SAM.gov Notice N00024-25-R-5504 Active Date has been extended to 17 March 2026. For recently interested parties, this notice provides context into the action’s history and artifacts previously made available. UNCLASS GFI Update: For those parties with UNCLASS GFI access, please note that the below Security Classification Guide (SCG) file has been added to the AN/SLQ-32(V)6 Bidders Library, located on NSERC. File Name: SCG ID 10-040 US Navy Afloat Control Systems Cyber SCG 30 January 2026 In support of the Surface Electronic Warfare Improvement Program (SEWIP) program, NAVSEA is conducting a full and open competitive acquisition, under an Indefinite-Delivery-Indefinite-Quantity (IDIQ) Multiple-Award Contract (MAC), for the procurement of SEWIP AN/SLQ-32(V) Full Rate Production, Design Agent Engineering, and Integration requirements.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ryan Brophy
  - Email: ryan.p.brophy.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7038659100
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Peter Brown
  - Email: peter.f.brown13.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: (202) 826-7925

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4d42f581c3e549278c10995068c61f0f/view)