---
layout: default
title: 7910--Walk Behind Mid-Size Floor Scrubbers | 660-26-2-5984-0043
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 6227b99e8eae4a35bb038a05ddf56bf5
---

# 7910--Walk Behind Mid-Size Floor Scrubbers | 660-26-2-5984-0043

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-16 12:27:32.592-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0410
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Mid-size Walk Behind Floor Scrubber Disclaimer: This Request for Information (RFI) is issued solely for market research information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are NOT offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. Information Requested from Industry: In response to the Sources Sought, interested Contractors shall submit the following information and any Capabilities/Qualifications Statement to include but not limited to an overview of proposed solution(s) and a description of the product your company possesses in accordance with the Statement of Work draft / Salient Characteristics List. Responses to market research table questionnaire shall be submitted. If this information is not provided, then it will be assumed the entire requirement cannot be met. Description of Requirement: The Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration (VHA), Network Contracting Office 19 (NCO 19) is conducting a market survey and is seeking potential sources for (2) Mid-size floor scrubbers (brand name or equal for VHA Salt Lake City Health Care System. ThisIF this will be a VISN contract state that here. Sources Sought Notice is issued for information and planning purposes only. This is not a solicitation or a request for proposal and shall not be construed as an obligation or commitment by the Government. An award will not be made on any offers submitted in response to this notice, and it shall not be implied that the Government is committed to providing any solicitation or award following this notice. The Government will not pay for any information received in response to this request, nor will the Government compensate a respondent for any costs incurred in developing the information provided. Requirement Item: Item No. Part Number Item Description 1 CA60-S20 Clark mid-size Floor Scrubber (Brand Name or EqualDo not state Brand Name or Equal if this does not apply to your requirement. ) Required Salient Characteristics: Scrubbing Path Width: Must have a cleaning path of 20 inches Solution Tank Capacity: 16 gallons Recovery Tank Capacity: 16 gallons Brush Motor Power: 24V DC,

0.75 HP Drive Motor Power: .34HP, 250W Vacuum Motor Power: 24V DC,

0.5 HP Brush Speed: 2,250 RPM Brush Pressure: 88/110 lbs. Batteries: 130 Ah Wet x 2. Drive Type: Traction Climbing Capacity: 2% Waterlift: 47 in Noise Level: 69 +/- 3 dB (A) Dimensions: 50x22x42.5 in Weight with no batteries and water: 269 lbs. Squeegee Width: 30 in In response to this announcement, please provide the information requested below requested in this market research table questionnaire. If this information is not provided, then it will be assumed the entire requirement cannot be met: NAICS Code: Company Name: Address: UEI (Unique Entity ID) Number: Contact Name: Phone No.: Email: Business Size Information - Select all that applies: Small Business Emerging Small Business Small Disadvantaged Business Certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act HUBZone Woman Owned Certified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Veteran Owned Small Business Large Business FSS/GSA Contract Holder: Yes No FSS/GSA Contract Number: Effective Date/ Expiration Date: Proposed solution is listed and available on the above FSS/GSA Contract: Yes No Available pricing structure of proposed solution (select all that are applicable below, or remove toDelete highlighted verbiage once pricing structure for RFI is determined. fit your requirement): Pricing Model Please Indicate Availability Below: (Yes / No / NA) All on FSS Open Market only Mix of FSS & Open Market Firm-Fixed Price Market Rearch Questions: How long from execution of order/contract to delivery of product? Buy American Act RFO 52.225-1 and RFO 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate What percentage of the proposed product (including leases and rentals) is a: Domestic end product? _____________ (%) Foreign end product? _______________ (%) Country of Origin: Questions for Small Businesses ONLY: Limitations on Subcontracting RFO 52.219-14 What percentage of the work would be subcontracted to another company? ________ What is the business size of the subcontractor?______ Per RFO 52.219-14 the following conditions must be met: Supplies (other than procurement from a nonmanufacturer of such supplies), it will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor's 50 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. When a contract includes both supplies and services, the 50 percent limitation shall apply only to the supply portion of the contract; If subcontracting, what added value do you offer (RFO 52.215-23): Nonmanufacturer Rule (RFO 52.219-33): Does your company manufacturer these proposed items? [Â ] yes [Â ] no Does your company exceed 500 employees? [Â ] yes [Â ] no If yes, list # of employees: _________ Does your company primarily engaged in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sells the type of item being supplied? [Â ] yes [Â ] no Does your company take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? [Â ] yes [Â ] no Does your company supply the end item of a small business manufacturer, processor or producer made in the United States, or obtains a waiver of such requirement pursuant to paragraph (b)(5) CFR 121.406. [Â ] yes [Â ] no If yes, what is the manufacturer s name? ________________ Response Instructions: Do not provide more than 8 pages, including cover letter page. Submit your response via email to eric.ayers@va.gov. Submit your response NLT 14:00 (MST) on Monday, April 30, 2026. Mark your response as Proprietary Information if the information is considered business sensitive. VA has identified the appropriate North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code as 333310 Commercial and Service Industry Machinery Manufacturing with a Small Business size of 1,000 Employees. Please identify and explain any NAICS codes your company believes would better represent the predominant work included in the attached Statement of Work draft / Salient Characteristics List. (End of Sources Sought)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Eric Ayers
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: eric.ayers@va.gov
  - Phone: (303) 712-5834

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6227b99e8eae4a35bb038a05ddf56bf5/view)