---
layout: default
title: NSN: 4440-01-542-3419, Air Drier Parts Kit
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: bc92d46039ed4e17b231c332fc900e0a
---

# NSN: 4440-01-542-3419, Air Drier Parts Kit

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 13:55:23.761-05
- Solicitation Number: SPE8E826RX001

## Summary

1. This acquisition will be processed under the authority of FAR 13.5, "Test Program For Certain Commercial Items" and, therefore, will utilize simplified procedures for soliciting competition, evaluation, and award documentation and notification that comply with FAR 13.1. 2. This solicitation is for NSN 4440-01-542-3419 (Air Drier Parts Kit). The two approved manufacturing sources of supply for this item are: BRIGHTON CROMWELL LLC 3NNX8 P/N 10018499 and HALDEX BRAKE PRODUCTS CORPORATION 06721 P/N RN60Z 3. This solicitation will be issued with the intent of awarding an Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity Contract (IDIQC). The resultant contract will be fixed price, with an economic price adjustment (EPA), with (1) two-year base term and (3) one-year option terms. At the expiration of the base term, an option in the contract may be exercised unilaterally by the government, to extend the contract up to three (3) additional one-year periods by written notice to the contractor, no later than 3 days prior to contract expiration. In the event that the option is not exercised 3 days prior to expiration, a bilateral modification can be issued exercising the option, up to the final date of expiration of the contract. 4. This procurement will be solicited on an unrestricted basis. 5. Large business concerns must submit a small business subcontracting plan along with their proposal. 6. The annual estimated quantity (AEQ) is 6,284 KT. This is only an estimate and is based on data available to the Contracting Officer at the time of issuance. The estimate is for informational purposes only and the Government is in no way obligated to purchase these quantities. Offerors must take into account any business risk associated with these estimates. 7. Guaranteed Minimum: The Government guarantees that it will order a minimum dollar value of $46,143.06 during the two (2) year base period only, regardless of any option periods exercised. The Government is not obligated to purchase beyond the guaranteed contract minimum dollar value. 8. Contract Maximum: The maximum dollar value that may be ordered against this contract is $5,000,000.00. 9. The resultant long-term contract (LTC) will provide coverage for STOCK DLA Direct delivery orders for both CONUS and OCONUS depot locations. Deliveries will therefore be shipped to DLA Depots in the continental U.S. The delivery location will be specified on each delivery order. 10. Vendor Shipment Module (VSM): Vendor Shipment Module (VSM) is a web-based system that is accessed in order to submit FDT shipment information. Vendors must be registered in advance, however, VSM registration is NOT a requirement in order to be eligible to submit a proposal for this solicitation. For additional information, please refer to: https://vsm.distribtion.dla.mil 11. The place of government inspection and acceptance will be at Destination. 12. All prices must be submitted on an FOB Origin basis. 13. The Government will make an award to a responsible offeror, offering the lowest price that is determined fair and reasonable, who conforms to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the solicitation. Proposals will be evaluated according to Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA). The Total Evaluated Price will be calculated by multiplying the Annual Estimated Quantity by the proposed unit price to achieve a Total Evaluated Line Price for the base period. 14. Proposed unit pricing for the base period shall be annotated on page 6 of this Solicitation. 15. The Government intends to make awards without discussions. Offerors are encouraged to submit their best offer when responding to this solicitation. However, the Government does reserve the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. 16. Each offeror’s price proposal will be evaluated for price reasonableness. Certified cost and pricing data will not be required per FAR 15.403-1(b)(3); however, the Contracting Officer may require supporting price data, such as copies of commercial catalogs, commercial invoices or substantiation of established market pricing. 17. All proposals must include a completed copy of the Standard Form 1449 solicitation document. Required Fields include but may not be limited to: Page 1: Blocks 30 (a-c) Page 5: Unit Price and Amount (unit price will be held for the full two-year base period). Page 14: OFFEROR'S PROPOSED DELIVERY SCHEDULE All required information requested, including the clause fill-in replies, must be submitted or completed, where required. *THIS LIST MAY NOT BE ALL INCLUSIVE AND IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE OFFEROR TO REVIEW THE ENTIRE SOLICITATION TO ENSURE ALL REQUIRED INFORMATION IS SUBMITTED WITH THEIR PROPOSAL. 18. Please be advised that all 'fill-in' clause(s) must be completed. Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) are not acceptable for this solicitation. There are several clauses that are not standard to ORCA that require vendor fill-in. Failure to complete these clauses may render your proposal technically unacceptable 19. Email submission of initial proposals correspondences, and proposal revisions, is authorized. All proposals are required to be submitted via email to Romona Skeete at romona.e.skeete@dla.mil. Faxed proposals will not be accepted. Handcarried Offers will not be accepted. [/examples of Handcarried Offers include: In-Person delivery by Contractor; or Fed Ex, Airborne, UPs, DHL, Emery, other commercial carrier; or USPS Express Mail, UPSP Certified Mail.] 20. Proposals shall remain valid for 120 days unless the offeror states otherwise. 21. In order to be eligible for contract award, offerors must be determined to be “responsible” in accordance with FAR Subpart 9.1 ‘Responsible Prospective Contractors”. 22. Offers in response to this solicitation will be evaluated in accordance with DLA Procurement Note L25, Evaluation of Offers – Economic Price Adjustment (AUG 2017). Pricing for each of the three option years will be established by adjusting each of the previous year’s items unit prices, using an economic price adjustment based on economic trends captured by Producer Price Index for this commodity (PCU333994333994), in accordance with the formula as outlined in DLA Procurement Note C09, Economic Price Adjustment - Department of Labor Index (AUG 2024), if and when the option is exercised. The two-year base price will not be subject to an EPA adjustment. 23. Any Contractor awarded a contract will be required to re-certify the product offered and country of manufacture, at the time of each exercise of option. 24. Delivery orders will be issued electronically against a basic contract and authorized in accordance with FAR 52.216-19, Order Limitations (OCT 1995). Awardees must be capable of electronically accessing and receiving delivery orders prior to receiving an award. Awardees must also be capable of submitting invoices for payment electronically prior to an award being issued. Proposals received from offerors who are not capable of managing the business of the contract electronically, may be determined technically unacceptable and may be ineligible for contract award. 25. Variation in quantity of +0, -0% will be applicable for each delivery order. 26. Product verification testing (PVT) may be invoked if a negative quality trend develops.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Romona Skeete
  - Email: romona.e.skeete@dla.mil
  - Phone: 4457378326
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kelly Callahan
  - Email: kelly.callahan@dla.mil
  - Phone: 4457370279

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bc92d46039ed4e17b231c332fc900e0a/view)