---
layout: default
title: Clinical Laboratory Test Services
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 08e23c9879524bee97da96c384f490f0
---

# Clinical Laboratory Test Services

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-11 16:45:27.487-04
- Solicitation Number: IHS-WAG-26-1523615

## Summary

Sources Sought: Clinical Laboratory Test Services for the Wagner IHS Healthcare Center at Wagner, South Dakota Sources Sought Notice Number: IHS-WAG-26-1523615 This Sources Sought Notice is for informational and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation, an obligation or commitment by the Indian Health Service. This notice is intended strictly for market research to determine the availability of Indian Economic Enterprises (IEE). Your responses to the information requested will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method, including whether a set-aside is possible. The anticipated applicable NAICS code for this acquisition is 541380, Testing Laboratories and Services. BACKGROUND Some clinical laboratory services for direct patient care testing are obtained from an off-site laboratory that cannot be done at the Wagner IHS Healthcare Facility in Wagner, South Dakota. These tests are usually of the communicable type that need to be reported to the States Department of Health. We would like to have these tests performed at the location that they are reported to. This can decrease the time to notify and thereby decreasing the time to track the individual.

2.1 OBJECTIVE The primary purpose of this purchase order is for the provision of clinical laboratory patient testing, when requested by staff physicians, that are not done at the Wagner IHS Healthcare Facility. These tests are typically of the communicable type and by having the test ran at the State Department of Health, turnaround times to report and track are decreased. This allows for the possible decrease in transmissions of these diseases. SCOPE Clinical laboratory services shall be provided for the Wagner IHS Healthcare Facility. Specimens will be sent via courier to the off-site laboratory for testing. The services will include the following but not limited to blood lead, chlamydia, gonorrhea, & HIV. 2. The Contractor shall provide accurate testing on all specimens received from the Wagner IHS Healthcare Facility in a timely manner which is determined by the specific tests being requested. 3. The testing laboratory will be required to report those diseases that are required to be reported to the South Dakota Department of Health. This is governed by SD Codified Law and Administrative Rules of South Dakota. CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS/ AND PERSONNEL QUALIFICATIONS (IF APPLICABLE) TYPE OF ORDER This is a firm fixed price purchase order. ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Period of Performance: 06/01/2026 to 05/31/202 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Laboratory Department at Wagner IHS Healthcare Center. REPORT(S)/DELIVERABLES AND DELIVERY SCHEDULE Daily tests are sent via courier to State of South Dakota. Results delivered to Laboratory Department via a secure fax line. PAYMENT Monthly invoices are submitted through ipp.gov Additional Information: N/A Anticipated Period of Performance: Period of Performance: 06/01/2026 to 05/31/2027. Capability Statement/Information: Interested parties are expected to review this notice to familiarize itself with the requirements of this project. Failure to do so will be at your firm’s own risk. The following information shall be included in the capability statement: 1. A general overview of the respondent’s opinions about the difficulty and/or feasibility of the potential requirement, and any information regarding innovative ideas or concepts. 2. Information in sufficient detail of the respondent’s (a) current capability and capacity to perform the work; (b) prior completed events of similar nature/size; (c) organizational experience and management capability; and (d) examples of prior completed Government contracts and other related information. 3. The respondents’ DUNS number, organization name, address, point of contact, and size and type of business (e.g., 8(a), HUBZone, etc.) Pursuant to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code: 541380 or comparable NAICS. 4. Any other information that may be helpful in developing or finalizing the requirements of the potential acquisition. 6. The capability statement shall not exceed 10 single-sided pages (including all attachments, resumes, charts, etc.) presented in single-space and using a 12-point font size minimum, in either Microsoft Word or Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF), with 8-1/2 by 11 inch paper size, and 1 inch top, bottom, left and right margins. 7. All proprietary information should be marked as such. Statements should also include an indication of current certified small business status; this indication should be clearly marked on the first page of your capability statement (preferably placed under the eligible small business concern’s name and address). Responses will be reviewed only by IHS personnel and will be held in a confidential manner. F. Closing Statement Point of Contact: John Archambeau, Purchasing Agent, at john.archambeau@ihs.gov Submission Instructions: Interested parties shall submit capability via email to John Archambeau, Purchasing Agent , at john.archambeau@ihs.gov . Must include Sources Sought Number IHS1523615 in the Subject line. The due date for receipt of statements is March 26, 12:00 p.m. Central Time. All responses must be received by the specified due date and time in order to be considered. This notice is for information and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of IHS. IHS does not intend to award a contract on the basis of responses nor otherwise pay for the preparation of any information submitted. As a result of this notice, IHS may issue a Request for Quote (RFQ). THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. However, should such a requirement materialize, no basis for claims against IHS shall arise as a result of a response to this notice or IHS’s use of such information as either part of our evaluation process or in developing specifications for any subsequent requirement. Disclaimer and Important Notes. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a pre-solicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published in SAM.gov. However, responses to this notice will not be considered adequate responses to a solicitation. Confidentiality. No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: John Archambeau
  - Email: john.archambeau@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6053844857

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/08e23c9879524bee97da96c384f490f0/view)