---
layout: default
title: P617 TRANSIT PROTECTION PROGRAM FACILITY, NSB KINGS BAY, GA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: e701693d279043969434d46887445453
---

# P617 TRANSIT PROTECTION PROGRAM FACILITY, NSB KINGS BAY, GA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 11:53:38.456-04
- Solicitation Number: N6945026R0012

## Summary

PRE-SOLICITATION SYNOPSIS NOTICE ONLY: THE SOLICITATION WILL BE AVAILABLE ON OR ABOUT APRIL 30, 2026, AT HTTPS://SAM.GOV/. THE SOLICITATION NUMBER IS N6945026R0012, FOR THE DESIGN-BID-BUILD (DBB) CONSTRUCTION PROJECT, P617 TRANSIT PROTECTION PROGRAMFACILITY, NAVAL SUBMARINE BASE (NSB), KINGS BAY, GA. PROJECT TITLE: DESIGN-BID-BUILD CONSTRUCTION PROJECT, FY26, P617 TRANSIT PROTECTION PROGRAM FACILITY, NAVAL SUBMARINE BASE (NSB), KINGS BAY, GA. PSC: Y1PZ NAICS: 237990 - Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS OR AN INVITATION FOR BID. NO CONTRACT WILL BE AWARDED FROM THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO REIMBURSEMENT WILL BE MADE FOR ANY COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH PROVIDING INFORMATION IN RESPONSE TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT OR ANY FOLLOW-UP INFORMATION REQUESTS. No telephone calls will be accepted requesting a bid package or solicitation. There is no bid package or solicitation currently available. In order to protect the procurement integrity of any future procurement that may arise from this announcement, information regarding the technical point of contact will not be given and no appointments for presentations will be made. Description: Construction of a general-purpose berthing pier, trestle with controlled access, floating small craft berthing piers, wave attenuators, operational storage facility with trailered boat parking, compressed air system, guard shack, MOGAS and Diesel Fuel Marine (DFM) distribution systems, and a MOGAS storage system, all in support of the Transit Protection Program (TPP) and SUBASE missions (20+ vessels of varying sizes). All facilities and infrastructure that will be of permanent construction must be built for a 50-year service life. Project shall have phased construction and shall include construction and maintenance of temporary small craft berthing and associated utilities for all TPP and SUBASE small craft vessels to facilitate ongoing operations during demolition and construction of new facility. Project includes Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI), Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) Systems, and Cybersecurity for utilities. This project will provide Anti-Terrorism Force Protection (ATFP) features and comply with ATFP regulations and physical security mitigation in accordance with Department of Defense DoD Minimum Anti-Terrorism Standards for Buildings. The estimated Period of Performance is 2,100 calendar days. The solicitation and contract shall include FAR Clause 52.216-23, Execution and Commence of Work. The best value continuum source selection process to be used for this acquisition is the tradeoff approach, as described in FAR 15.103-1. The best value tradeoff process is appropriate and permits evaluation of proposals based on price competition, technical merit, confidence assessment and other factors; permits impartial and comprehensive evaluation of offeror proposals; permits discussions if necessary; and ensures selection of the source whose performance provides the best value to the Government. A sources sought notice was posted to sam.gov on October 31, 2025 requesting small business industry interested and capability statement. Based on responses from the notice it was determined that the requirement should be issued as full and open. The solicitation will be a negotiated DBB acquisition. Proposals will be solicited in a one-phase submission for a single solicitation. The solicitation will utilize source selection procedures, which require offerors to submit a technical proposal, past performance and experience information, and a price proposal for evaluation by the Government. Award will be made to the offeror whose total price and technical proposal offers the best value to the Government. Competition Requirements: Unrestricted basis, under full and open competition. Procurement Method: FAR Part 15, Contracting by Negotiation. Type of Contract: Firm-Fixed Price The NAICS code for this construction solicitation is 237990 with a size standard of $45,000,000. Project Magnitude is between $250,000,000 and $500,000,000. This is a new procurement. It does not replace an existing contract. No prior contract information exists. Large business concerns will be required to submit a subcontracting plan prior to award of the contract. A Site Visit will be held for those offerors who choose to participate (exact date and time will be specified in the solicitation). Proposals will be due no earlier than 30 days after the solicitation is released (exact date and time will be specified in the solicitation). This will be an electronic solicitation, which can be downloaded from Sam.gov Opportunities at https://sam.gov/. The solicitation will be available at this site no earlier than 15 days after this pre-solicitation notice is posted. Offerors are responsible for checking the Sam.gov website for the solicitation and any subsequent amendments that may be issued. NO CONTRACT AWARD WILL BE MADE TO ANY CONTRACTOR THAT IS NOT REGISTERED OR IN THE PROCESS OF REGISTERING WITH THE SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM). PLEASE VISIT THE SAM WEBSITE AT https://www.sam.gov FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO REGISTER.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Deborah D Torrence
  - Email: deborah.d.torrence2@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e701693d279043969434d46887445453/view)