---
layout: default
title: Synopsis/Notice of Intent for limited competitive NAVSUP-WSS is seeking eligible contractors to furnish effort including labor, material, and facilities as may be required to Manufacture the items as specified. Mechanicsburg intends to solicit and award a
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: e6d1734217024f7e92ff00c699693f21
---

# Synopsis/Notice of Intent for limited competitive NAVSUP-WSS is seeking eligible contractors to furnish effort including labor, material, and facilities as may be required to Manufacture the items as specified. Mechanicsburg intends to solicit and award a

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 11:36:41.992-04
- Solicitation Number: 232380065

## Summary

NOTICE OF INTENT to LIMITED COMPETITIVE- LONG TERM CONTRACT SUBJECT: Synopsis/Notice of Intent for limited competitive NAVSUP-WSS is seeking eligible contractors to furnish effort including labor, material, and facilities as may be required to Manufacture the items as specified. Mechanicsburg intends to solicit and award a base five-year contract LTC, the solicitation will have 36 repair NSNs and 36 procurement NSNs. This solicitation will be solicited for award of a firm fixed price contract for the listed NSNs. The NSNs will have variable quantities for a five-year period with no option years. Point of Contact(s): LaMar Crummel, Contract Specialist at lamar.r.crummel.civ@us.navy.mil The Government intends to solicit and negotiate on a limited competitive basis source under the authority of FAR 6.302-1. Government intends to solicit for the manufacture of various items listed to A-condition status. The government does not possess or cannot provide the data necessary to perform the required procurement or manufacture of the items. NIINs are listed in the attachment to this notice. One or more of the items under this acquisition is subject to the Free Trade Agreements Act and/or the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement and Free Trade Agreements. The Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial items, in its solicitation for the supplies or services described. However, interested vendors may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government’s requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice. The appropriate Acquisition Method Suffix Code (AMSC) code for bargraph meters, AMSC C, is defined in reference (b) as, “This part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing knowledge by the qualified source(s) require acquisition of the part from the approved source(s). The approved source(s) retain data rights, manufacturing knowledge, or technical data that are not economically available to the government, and the data or knowledge is essential to maintaining the quality of the part. An alternative source must qualify in accordance with the design control activity's procedures, as approved by the cognizant government engineering activity. The qualification procedures must be approved by the Government engineering activity having jurisdiction over the part in the intended application.” The time required for approval of a new source is normally such that an award cannot be delayed pending approval of a new source. If you are not an approved source you must submit, together with your proposal, the information detailed in the NAVSUP-WSS Source Approval Information Brochure for Repair. Additional information for submitting a Source Approval Request package can be obtained at: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/public/navsup/business_opps/. All responsible sources may identify their interest and provide capability statements in response to this notice. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Approval of a source is required. WSS will not delay award while Source Approval is pending. The Point of Contact(s) is LaMar Crummel at lamar.r.crummel.civ@us.navy.mil. This notice serves as the synopsis and notice of intent to sole source for a Long-Term Contract (LTC) consisting of 5-year base with no option years. Will support the manufacture of Meters and Indicators System Material for the Ship Control Guidance weapon system. The Government does not possess the necessary data to procure the equipment/items solicited hereunder from any source other than Prime Technology, (North Branford, CT). Contracting Office Address: NAVSUP Weapon Systems Support MECH, 5450 Carlisle Pike; BLDG 311 – Submarine Logistics (N741), Mechanicsburg, PA 17050-2411 Point of Contact(s): LaMar Crummel, N741.4, EMAIL: lamar.r.crummel.civ@us.navy.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: LAMAR R. CRUMMEL, N741.4, PHONE (717)605-6474, FAX (717)605-3119, EMAIL LAMAR.CRUMMEL@NAVY.MIL
  - Email: LAMAR.CRUMMEL@NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this notice. One or more of the items under this acquisition is subject to the Free Trade Agreements Act and/or the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement and Free Trade Agreements. The Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial items, in its solicitation for the supplies or services described. However, interested vendors may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government’s requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice. The appropriate Acquisition Method Suffix Code (AMSC) code for bargraph meters, AMSC C, is defined in reference (b) as, “This part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing knowledge by the qualified source(s) require acquisition of the part from the approved source(s). The approved source(s) retain data rights, manufacturing knowledge, or technical data that are not economically available to the government, and the data or knowledge is essential to maintaining the quality of the part. An alternative source must qualify in accordance with the design control activity"s procedures, as approved by the cognizant government engineering activity. The qualification procedures must be approved by the Government engineering activity having jurisdiction over the part in the intended application.” The time required for approval of a new source is normally such that an award cannot be delayed pending approval of a new source. If you are not an approved source you must submit, together with your proposal, the information detailed in the NAVSUP-WSS Source Approval Information Brochure for Repair. Additional information for submitting a Source Approval Request package can be obtained at: https://www.navsup.navy.mil/public/navsup/business_opps/. All responsible sources may identify their interest and provide capability statements in response to this notice. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Approval of a source is required. WSS will not delay award while Source Approval is pending. The Point of Contact(s) is LaMar Crummel at lamar.r.crummel.civ@us.navy.mil. This notice serves as the synopsis and notice of intent to sole source for a Long-Term Contract (LTC) consisting of 5-year base with no option years. Will support the manufacture of Meters and Indicators System Material for the Ship Control Guidance weapon system. The Government does not possess the necessary data to procure the equipment/items solicited hereunder from any source other than Prime Technology, (North Branford, CT). Contracting Office Address: NAVSUP Weapon Systems Support MECH, 5450 Carlisle Pike; BLDG 311 – Submarine Logistics (N741), Mechanicsburg, PA 17050-2411 Point of Contact(s): LaMar Crummel, N741.4, EMAIL: lamar.r.crummel.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e6d1734217024f7e92ff00c699693f21/view)