---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Notice - Fiscal Year (FY) 2027 Florida Panhandle Optimized Remediation Contract (ORC) and Military Munitions Response Program (MMRP)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 4bd1855ad8424115afbb78c72739bd7b
---

# Sources Sought Notice - Fiscal Year (FY) 2027 Florida Panhandle Optimized Remediation Contract (ORC) and Military Munitions Response Program (MMRP)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-17 09:55:54.464-04
- Solicitation Number: W9127827RA002

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS and is NOT a solicitation announcement.Market Research and Sources Sought Notice for information on capability and availability of contractors for the FY27 Florida Panhandle Group Optimized Remediation Contract (ORC) and Military Munitions Response Program (MMRP) at Eglin Air Force Base, Hurlburt Field and Tyndall Air Force Base, Florida.The purpose of this Market Research and Sources Sought Notice is to acquire information on the number and capability of qualified Small Business and Large Business firms interested in a prospective procurement for the FY27 Florida Panhandle Group Optimized Remediation Contract (ORC) and Military Munitions Response Program (MMRP) at Eglin Air Force Base, Hurlburt Field and Tyndall Air Force Base, Florida. This is a Sources Sought Notice, NOT a solicitation announcement. Accordingly, no contract award will result from this Sources Sought Notice, as it does not constitute a commitment by the Government. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice will be used by the government in making an appropriate acquisition decision.The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ? Mobile District to identify potential sources capable of performing environmental remediation activities at Eglin Air Force Base (AFB), Hurlburt Field, and Tyndall AFB, FL.Remediation of the site will include but is not limited to: Investigation, design, construction of remedial systems, operation and maintenance of established remedies, optimization at applicable sites, and achievement of site-specific objectives. The Contractor shall undertake Environmental Remediation activities to achieve Performance Objectives (POs) at 59 Installation Restoration Program (IRP) sites and five Military Munitions Response Program (MMRP) sites. Remediation activities at Eglin AFB are being conducted pursuant to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) and Chapter 62-780 Florida Administrative Code (FAC) requirements. Regulatory oversight is provided by the Florida Department of Environmental Protection (FDEP). Remediation activities at Hurlburt Field are being conducted pursuant to the Comprehensive Environmental Rehabilitation, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) for MMRP sites only, RCRA, and Chapter 62-780 FAC. Regulatory oversight is provided by the FDEP. Remediation activities at Tyndall AFB are being conducted pursuant to the FFA under the CERCLA with the exception of OT018, TA523, TU204, and TU233. These Petroleum, Oil, and Lubricant (POL) sites are being addressed under the FDEP Contaminated Site Cleanup Criteria (FAC Chapter 62-780). Sites deferred from CERCLA by FFA paragraph 9.2.1.2 to another program will achieve the site PO with approval from the applicable Regulatory agency. Regulatory oversight is provided by USEPA Region 4 and FDEP. Proposed project will be a competitive, firm-fixed price, definite delivery C-Type contract procured in accordance with FAR 15, Negotiated Procurement using Best-Value/Trade Off process. The type of set-aside decision(s) to be issued will depend upon the capabilities of the responses to this synopsis. The estimated price for this project is $40,000,000, estimated duration of the project is ten (10) years with a five (5) year base and five (5) option years.Sources being sought are firms with a North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code of 562910 with a Small Business Size Standard of 1000 employees. Responses should include the following information and shall not exceed a total of ten (10) pages:1. Offeror name, UEI code, cage code, address, points of contact with telephone numbers and e-mail addresses.2. Business size/classification to include any designations as Small Business Community: Small Business, Section 8(a), Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUB-Zone), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), [economically disadvantaged women-owned small business (EDWOSB), shall be indicated on first page of submission.3. Bonding capability (construction bonding level per single contract/task order and aggregate construction bonding level, both expressed in dollars along with current available bonding capacity.4. Past Performance Information that documents the respondents experience performing projects similar to that described above. The referenced projects should be of similar scope and magnitude and should have been completed within the last eight years. Information should be provided in the form of Contract Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS), Past Performance Questionnaires (PPQs) or by providing the following information: Project title, location, general description of the construction to demonstrate similarity to the project listed above, the Offeror role (i.e., prime contractor, subcontractor, etc.), dollar value of contract, duration, and name of the company, agency or government entity for which the work was performed with contact information (reference name, phone number and e-mail address).5. Business size/classification to include any designations as Small Business, HUBZone, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned, 8(a), Women-Owned shall be indicated on first page of submission.6. Minimum capabilities required for the selected firm must have, either in-house or through consultants, the following disciplines: Project Manager; Environmental Engineer; Chemist; Geologist; Hydrogeologist; Certified Industrial Hygienist; Chemical Engineer; Civil Engineer; Regulatory Specialist; Human Health Risk Assessor; and Ecological Risk Assessor.NO RESPONSES WILL BE ACCEPTED BY FAX OR MAIL. ALL RESPONSES MUST BE SENT via PIEE, DIRECTED to: Danielle Kachele and/or Elisha Couch. Should you have any questions, please reach out to Danielle Kachele at Danielle.l.kachele@usace.army.mil Submittals are due no later than 2:00 pm CT on Wednesday, April 22, 2026. Submittals will not be returned. Telephonic responses will not be honored. This is not a Request for Proposal, only a Request for Information. No award will result from this Sources Sought. This notice does not constitute any commitment by the Government. Limit response to ten (10) pages or less. Note 1: This synopsis is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government, nor will the Government pay for the information solicited. Note 2: All advertisements of Mobile District projects will be through official government points of entry. *** End of Sources Sought Notice ***

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Elisha Couch
  - Email: elisha.couch@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2516903354

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4bd1855ad8424115afbb78c72739bd7b/view)