---
layout: default
title: R605--Mary Ann Liebert (VA-26-00023467)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0c5584e7780f4c60bcc31483dc9fd123
---

# R605--Mary Ann Liebert (VA-26-00023467)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 14:03:15.668-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C77626Q0090
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ, 36C77625Q0259. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-05. This solicitation is set aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 519290, with a small business size standard of 1,000 employees. The FSC/PSC is R605. The Department of Veterans Affairs, Program Contracting Activity Central, 6100 Oak Tree Blvd., Suite 490, Independence, OH 44131 is seeking an existing, commercial, off-the-shelf, web-based electronic collection of Mary Ann Liebert Journals as outline in the below table. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: CLIN Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price Period of Performance 0001 Mary Ann Liebert Journals -Journal of Women's Health 1 1 Year from Date of Award See Attached (SOW) Subscription and access must meet the requirements in the SOW. The contract period of performance shall be from the date of award for a base period of 12 months. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: TBD Postal Code: TBD Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at http://acquisition.gov/comp/far/index.html. The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (MAR 2023) ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL ITEMS Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The following provisions are incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (MAR 2023) (a) North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard. The NAICS code(s) and small business size standard(s) for this acquisition appear elsewhere in the solicitation. (b) Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. Offers may be submitted on the SF 1449, letterhead stationery, or as otherwise specified in the solicitation. As a minimum, offers must show (1) The solicitation number; (2) The time specified in the solicitation for receipt of offers; (3) The name, address, and telephone number of the offeror; (4) A technical description of the items being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements in the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary; (5) Terms of any express warranty; (6) Price and any discount terms; (7) "Remit to" address, if different than mailing address; (8) A completed copy of the representations and certifications at Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.212-3 (see FAR 52.212-3(b) for those representations and certifications that the offeror shall complete electronically); (9) Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments; (10) Past performance information, when included as an evaluation factor, to include recent and relevant contracts for the same or similar items and other references (including contract numbers, points of contact with telephone numbers and other relevant information); and (11) If the offer is not submitted on the SF 1449, include a statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Offers that fail to furnish required representations or information, or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. (c) Period for acceptance of offers. The offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 30 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (d) Product samples. When required by the solicitation, product samples shall be submitted at or prior to the time specified for receipt of offers. Unless otherwise specified in this solicitation, these samples shall be submitted at no expense to the Government, and returned at the sender's request and expense, unless they are destroyed during preaward testing. (e) Multiple offers. Offerors are encouraged to submit multiple offers presenting alternative terms and conditions, including alternative line items (provided that the alternative line items are consistent with FAR subpart 4.10), or alternative commercial products or commercial services for satisfying the requirements of this solicitation. Each offer submitted will be evaluated separately. (f) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1) Offerors are responsible for submitting offers, and any modifications, revisions, or withdrawals, so as to reach the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. If no time is specified in the solicitation, the time for receipt is 4:30 p.m., local time, for the designated Government office on the date that offers or revisions are due. (2)(i) Any offer, modification, revision, or withdrawal of an offer received at the Government office designated in the solicitation after the exact time specified for receipt of offers is "late" and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made, the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition; and (A) If it was transmitted through an electronic commerce method authorized by the solicitation, it was received at the initial point of entry to the Government infrastructure not later than 5:00 p.m. one working day prior to the date specified for receipt of offers; or (B) There is acceptable evidence to establish that it was received at the Government installation designated for receipt of offers and was under the Government's control prior to the time set for receipt of offers; or (C) If this solicitation is a request for proposals, it was the only proposal received. (ii) However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer, that makes its terms more favorable to the Government, will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3) Acceptable evidence to establish the time of receipt at the Government installation includes the time/date stamp of that installation on the offer wrapper, other documentary evidence of receipt maintained by the installation, or oral testimony or statements of Government personnel. (4) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (5) Offers may be withdrawn by written notice received at any time before the exact time set for receipt of offers. Oral offers in response to oral solicitations may be withdrawn orally. If the solicitation authorizes facsimile offers, offers may be withdrawn via facsimile received at any time before the exact time set for receipt of offers, subject to the conditions specified in the solicitation concerning facsimile offers. An offer may be withdrawn in person by an offeror or its authorized representative if, before the exact time set for receipt of offers, the identity of the person requesting withdrawal is established and the person signs a receipt for the offer. (g) Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with offerors. Therefore, the offeror's initial offer should contain the offeror's best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest; accept other than the lowest offer; and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (h) Multiple awards. The Government may accept any item or group of items of an offer, unless the offeror qualifies the offer by specific limitations. Unless otherwise provided in the Schedule, offers may not be submitted for quantities less than those specified. The Government reserves the right to make an award on any item for a quantity less than the quantity offered, at the unit prices offered, unless the offeror specifies otherwise in the offer. (i) Availability of requirements documents cited in the solicitation. (1)(i) The GSA Index of Federal Specifications, Standards and Commercial Item Descriptions, FPMR Part 101-29, and copies of specifications, standards, and commercial item descriptions cited in this solicitation may be obtained for a fee by submitting a request to GSA Federal Supply Service Specifications Section Suite 8100 470 East L'Enfant Plaza, SW Washington, DC 20407 Telephone (202) 619-8925 Facsimile (202) 619-8978. (ii) If the General Services Administration, Department of Agriculture, or Department of Veterans Affairs issued this solicitation, a single copy of specifications, standards, and commercial item descriptions cited in this solicitation may be obtained free of charge by submitting a request to the addressee in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of this provision. Additional copies will be issued for a fee. (2) Most unclassified Defense specifications and standards may be downloaded from the following ASSIST websites: (i) ASSIST (https://assist.dla.mil/online/start/); (ii) Quick Search (http://quicksearch.dla.mil/); (3) Documents not available from ASSIST may be ordered from the Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DoDSSP) by- (i) Using the ASSIST Shopping Wizard (https://assist.dla.mil/wizard/index.cfm); (ii) Phoning the DoDSSP Customer Service Desk (215) 697-2179, Mon-Fri, 0730 to 1600 EST; or (iii) Ordering from DoDSSP, Building 4, Section D, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia, PA 19111-5094, Telephone (215) 697-2667/2179, Facsimile (215) 697-1462. (4) Nongovernment (voluntary) standards must be obtained from the organization responsible for their preparation, publication, or maintenance. (j) Unique entity identifier. (Applies to all offers that exceed the micro-purchase threshold, and offers at or below the micro-purchase threshold if the solicitation requires the Contractor to be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM).) The Offeror shall enter, in the block with its name and address on the cover page of its offer, the annotation Unique Entity Identifier followed by the unique entity identifier that identifies the Offeror s name and address. The Offeror also shall enter its Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator, if applicable. The EFT indicator is a four-character suffix to the unique entity identifier. The suffix is assigned at the discretion of the Offeror to establish additional SAM records for identifying alternative EFT accounts (see FAR subpart 32.11) for the same entity. If the Offeror does not have a unique entity identifier, it should contact the entity designated at www.sam.gov for unique entity identifier establishment directly to obtain one. The Offeror should indicate that it is an offeror for a Government contract when contacting the entity designated at www.sam.gov for establishing the unique entity identifier. (k) [Reserved] (l) Debriefing. If a post-award debriefing is given to requesting offerors, the Government shall disclose the following information, if applicable: (1) The agency's evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed offeror's offer. (2) The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful and the debriefed offeror and past performance information on the debriefed offeror. (3) The overall ranking of all offerors, when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4) A summary of the rationale for award; (5) For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful offeror. (6) Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed offeror as to whether source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities were followed by the agency. FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://www.sam.gov/portal in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Items. If paragraph (j) of the provision is applicable, a written submission is required. Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://www.sam.gov/portal in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. If paragraph (j) of the provision is applicable, a written submission is required. The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEC 2022) FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Commercial Products and Commercial Services (MAR 2023) The following subparagraphs of FAR 52.212-5 are applicable: 52.203-6, Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (Jun 2020), with Alternate I (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4704 and 10 U.S.C. 4655). 52.204-14, Service Contract Reporting Requirements (Oct 2016) (Pub. L. 111-117, section 743 of Div. C). 52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application 52.209-6, Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment. (Nov 2021) (31 U.S.C. 6101 note). 52.209-9, Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (Oct 2018) (41 U.S.C. 2313). 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644). 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)). 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637s). 52.219-27, Notice of Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 657f). 52.219-28, Post Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation (Mar 2023)(15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2)). 52.219-32, Orders Issued Directly Under Small Business Reserves (Mar 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644(r)). 52.222-3, Convict Labor (Jun 2003) (E.O.11755). 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). 52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (Dec 2010) (E.O. 13496) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) ( 22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (May 2022) (Executive Order 12989). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items or certain other types of commercial products or commercial services as prescribed in FAR 22.1803.) 52.223-18, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (Jun 2020) (E.O. 13513). 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O. s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). 52.225-26, Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States (Oct 2016) (Section 862, as amended, of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008; 10 U.S.C. Subtitle A, Part V, Subpart G Note). 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct2018) (31 U.S.C. 3332). 52.232-34, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Other than System for Award Management (Jul 2013) (31 U.S.C. 3332) 52.242-5, Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Jan 2017) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(13)). 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) (41 U.S.C. chapter67). 52.222-43, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (Aug 2018) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). 52.222-44, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (May 2014) (29U.S.C.206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). 52.222-55, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 (Jan 2022). 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2022) (E.O. 13706). VAAR 852.204-70, Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (MAY 2020). VAAR 852.212-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items (APR 2020). VAAR 852.203-70, Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018). VAAR 852.232-72, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018). VAAR 852.201-70, Contracting Officers Representative (DEC 2022). VAAR 852.219-73, VA Notice to Total Set-Aside for Verified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (NOV 2022). VAAR 852.237-75, Key Personnel (OCT 2019). VAAR 852.242-71, Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020). 52.217-8Â Option to Extend Services As prescribed inÂ 17.208(g), insert a clause substantially the same as the following: 52.217-8, OptionÂ to Extend Services (Nov 1999) (a)Â The GovernmentÂ mayÂ extend services of this contract by written notice to the Contractor withinÂ __15 days_ ; provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at leastÂ _30 __Â days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. (b)Â If the Government exercises thisÂ option, the extended contractÂ shallÂ be considered to include thisÂ optionÂ clause. (c)Â The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of anyÂ optionsÂ under this clause,Â shallÂ not exceedÂ eighteen (18) (months). (End of clause) Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of FAR 13. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. Options will be evaluated at time of award. The following are the decision factors: Basis for Award. The Government will issue a purchase order to the responsible quoter whose quotation conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: (1) technical capability; (2) price. Evaluation Approach. The Government will evaluate quotations using the comparative evaluation process outlined in FAR 13.106-2 (b) (3), where quotations will be compared to one another to determine which provides the best benefit to the Government. The Government reserves the right to consider a quotation other than the lowest price that provides additional benefit(s). Quotations may exceed minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government reserves the right to select a quotation that provides benefit to the Government that exceeds the minimum requirements of the solicitation but is not required to do so. Each response must meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. The Government is not requesting or accepting alternate quotations. The evaluation will consider the following: Technical: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation, SOW and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line item prices, including all options. The Total Evaluated Price will be that sum. Options. The Government will evaluate quotations for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms, conditions. INSTRUCTIONS TO QUOTERS All quoters shall submit the following: one (1) copy of pricing and a technical approach and any material that supports quoter s ability to accomplish, meet or exceed the tasks and deliverables as stated in the (SOW). limit does not include price sheet or past performance. The use of hyperlinks in quotes is prohibited. TECHNICAL VOLUME.Â Offerors shall, demonstrate a clear understanding of all features involved in meeting and supporting the requirements outlined in the Statement of Work (SOW)). PRICE VOLUME. The Offeror shall submit a firm-fixed price quote for each line item outlined in the appropriate table above. The total price must match the amount provided in the Total Evaluated Price table. The Government will evaluate proposed prices by adding the Offeror s total proposed price for the base year and all options. Failure to provide a unit price and total amount for each CLIN will render the offer unacceptable. Documentation that reflects your entity is an authorized reseller/distributor of these journals from the publisher or intellectual property holder. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. Questions regarding this solicitation shall be received not later than 1:00 PM EST, September 01, 2025, via email to Erich Hoffman, Erich.Hoffman@va.gov The deadline for submissions regarding this RFQ is 1:00PM EST, August 27, 2025, via email at erich.hoffman@va.gov . Quotations received after this date and time will not be reviewed. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Erich Hoffman, Contract Specialist Erich.Hoffman@va.gov End of Document

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Erich T. Hoffman
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Erich.Hoffman@va.gov
  - Phone: (216) 447-8300

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0c5584e7780f4c60bcc31483dc9fd123/view)