---
layout: default
title: CGC Northland Flight Deck Preservation & Talon Grid Project
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 970c5ec2c922442c87457fa4c8f9746a
---

# CGC Northland Flight Deck Preservation & Talon Grid Project

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 15:16:53.77-04
- Solicitation Number: 52000RFQ260024256

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information in this notice. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote Number 52000RFQ260024256. This number is for tracking purposes only. This procurement will be processed in accordance with FAR Part 12. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) is 336611. The small business size standard is 1300. This is a total small business set aside; all responsible small business sources may submit proposals that will be considered. This synopsis/ solicitation is issued pursuant to FAR 13.106-1(b), and the resultant purchase order will be awarded on a firm-fixed price basis using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR 13. Offerors are responsible for ensuring they meet all solicitation requirements, including obtaining access to all referenced documents and controlled technical data, where applicable, prior to proposal submission. Offerors are also responsible for ensuring any subcontractors to possess the necessary certifications and access to perform the work. The Government will not be responsible for delays or inability to obtain required certifications, registrations, or access to controlled technical data. Offerors are encouraged to pursue Joint Certification Program (JCP) registration in advance of future opportunities involving controlled technical data. THE UNITED STATED COAST GUARD SURFACE FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER REQUEST THE CONTRACTORS TO PROVIDE PRICING FOR THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENT: The contractor shall provide CGC NORTHLAND Decks, Helicopter Operating Areas, Preserve & Helo Talon Grid, Inspect and test project. A. REQUIREMENT: 1. The contractor shall provide Services IAW attached Specifications and SOW. 1 JB 2. Location of Performance (FBO Destination) CGC NORTHLAND 4000 COAST GUARD BLVD PORTSMOUTH, VA 23703 3. REQUIRED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: 29 JUN 2026-19 JUL 2026 Interested Vendors shall provide product/service details, Product Data Sheet, and cost breakdown IAW SOW for technical review. Venders shall provide a Detailed cost breakdown to include all the specifications to be reviewed by a technical rep. Firm Fixed Price Proposals shall be detailed and include information from the SOW demonstrating an understanding of all the requirements in the SOW. By submission of an offer, the offeror certifies that it and any proposed subcontractors have obtained and reviewed all referenced documents, including controlled technical data where applicable, and have based their proposal on a complete understanding of the requirements. Failure to obtain such access will not be considered a basis for post-award equitable adjustment. EVALUATION. Award shall be made without discussion unless the Contracting Officer determines discussions are necessary. Quotations received in response to this synopsis/solicitation shall be evaluated on a Best Value basis utilizing the following technical, price and price-related factors: 1. Technical Capability. Technical capability shall be evaluated on the company's ability to meet all requirements of this solicitation, based upon attached Scope of Work and access to required drawings and specifications needed to repair the items. The Government will evaluate proposals for technical acceptability, including the offeror’s demonstrated understanding of the full scope of work. The Government may determine an offer technically unacceptable if the offeror fails to demonstrate adequate understanding of the requirement, including failure to account for all referenced documents and controlled technical data. 2. Past Performance. Past performance shall be evaluated based on previous contracts completed during the past three years or currently in process for the same type of services that are being solicited under this requirement. Contracts may include those entered into by the Federal Government, agencies of the state and local governments, and commercial customers. The Company shall include past performance information for any major subcontractor to be utilized during performance and must be relevant to the scope of work they may perform under the Purchase Order resulting from this solicitation. The Company shall supply at least three (3) contracts completed during the past three years or are currently in process for the same services that are being solicited under this solicitation. References other than those provided by the Company may be contacted by the Government to obtain additional information that shall be used in the evaluation of the company's past performance. The Government may waive the submission of past performance information by the company if adequate data already exists on file with this office. NOTE: The USCG/Government reserves the right to Award on an All or None Basis that is the Government may issue a Purchase Order (PO) to the Offeror that submits the lowest aggregate price rather than issue a Purchase Order to each Offeror based on the lowest Quotation on each item. As stated below, the provision at FAR 52.212-2- Evaluation-Commercial Items-applies with the following addenda: Award of a contract will be based on the following criteria: The purchase order will be awarded as a firm-fixed price contract using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR Part 13.5. 1. Please provide any warranty information. 2. Vendors MUST be registered in www.sam.gov The USCG/Government intends to award a purchase order resulting from this synopsis/solicitation to the contractor responsible whose quote conforms to the solicitation and is most advantageous and the best value to the Government, price and other factors considered. Please Note: Interested Offerors having the expertise as required are invited to submit a Firm Fixed Price quotation that will be considered by the agency. Quotations must be submitted on company letterhead stationery and must include the following information: (1) Cost Breakdown (2) Unit Cost (3) Extended Price (4) Total Price (5) Payment Terms (6) Discount offered for prompt payment (7) Company Unique Entity ID (UEI) and Cage Code. Quotes must be received no later than 22 May 2026 at 4:00 P.M. Eastern Standard Time. Email quotes are acceptable and shall be sent to Ms Jackie Handley at: Jacqueline.D.Handley@uscg.mil and carbon copy Contracting Officer, SKC Patricia Fremming at Patricia.M.Fremming@uscg.mil. Any questions or concerns regarding any aspect of the RFQ must be forwarded to Ms Jackie Handley at email address: Jacqueline.D.Handley@uscg.mil and carbon copy Contracting Officer, SKC Patricia Fremming at Patricia.M.Fremming@uscg.mil. ALL QUESTIONS to be submitted NLT 21 May 2026 @ 4:00 PM EST. The following FAR Clauses and Provisions apply to this acquisition: •FAR 52.212-1 - Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Items (Sep 2023) •FAR 52.212-2 - Evaluation - Commercial Items (Nov 2021) Award will be made to the Offeror proposing the Best Value to the Government considering specification, price, past performance and quality. •FAR 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (Oct 2025) to include Alt I (Feb 2024). Offeror shall complete annual representations and certification electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website accessed through https://www.sam.gov. •FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions -Commercial Items (Nov 2023) with the following addenda. •FAR 52.212-5 - Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items (Jan 2025) •FAR 52.252-2 - Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), the full text of the clause may be accessed electronically at https://acquisition.gov. •FAR 52.204-7 – System for Award Management (Nov 2024). Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. To facilitate payment via Electronic Funds Transfer - SAM, contractors shall be registered in SAM. A UEI number can be obtained via https://www.dnb.com and SAM registration can be obtained via https://www.sam.gov. The following clauses, and others as directed by the Contracting Officer as applicable, shall apply to this awarded contract: •FAR 52.222-3 - Convict Labor (Jun 2003) •FAR 52.222-19 - Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan2025) (E.O.13126). •FAR 52.222-35 - Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). •FAR 52.222-36 - Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). •FAR 52.222-37 - Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). •FAR 52.222-50 - Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). •FAR 52.225-1 - Buy American Supplies (Oct 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). (51) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). FAR 52.232-33 - Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - Systems for Award Management (Oct 2018) •FAR 52.233-3 - Protest After Award (Aug 1996) •FAR 52.233-4 - Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) NOTE: In addition to the listed clauses, please review the attached FAR Clause Matrix for all clauses applicable to this requirement. *The above/following clauses are incorporated by reference, entire clause(s) available at https://acquisition.gov. NOTICE TO OFFERORS CONCERNING REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS: This solicitation contains FAR Clause 52.204-7, System for Award Management and FAR Provision 52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications. In accordance with FAR 4.1201 (a), prospective contractors shall complete electronic annual representations and certifications via SAM accessed through https://www.sam.gov. Please ensure completion prior to submitting a quote. Paragraph (b) of FAR 52.204-8 applies. System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Additional examples include 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions—Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jacqueline D. Handley
  - Email: jacqueline.D.Handley@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Patricia Fremming
  - Email: Patricia.M.Fremming@uscg.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/970c5ec2c922442c87457fa4c8f9746a/view)