---
layout: default
title: professional?design?services,? and?construction?necessary to Replace existing Demarc building including Transformers, Low Voltage switchgear and Main Utility Switchgear; also Improve draining around building site. At the U.S. Embassy Berlin – Clay Allee c
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: c970666ed84542b1be06a37fe44080e2
---

# professional?design?services,? and?construction?necessary to Replace existing Demarc building including Transformers, Low Voltage switchgear and Main Utility Switchgear; also Improve draining around building site. At the U.S. Embassy Berlin – Clay Allee c

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-08 09:25:41.97-04
- Solicitation Number: 19GE5026R0056

## Summary

DESIGN - BUILD SERVICES FOR U.S. EMBASSY BERLIN, GERMANY FOR THE REPLACEMENT OF THE EXISTING DEMARC BUILDING, INCLUDING TRANSFORMARS, LOW VOLTAGE SWITCHGEAR AND MAIN VOLTAGE SWITCHGEAR, PLUS IMPROVING THE DRAINING AROUND THE BUILDING, AT THE U.S. EMBASSY BERLIN CLAY ALLEE COMPOUND. The Regional Procurement Support Office in Frankfurt, Germany, intends to issue a Design/Build Firm Fixed-Price Construction Type Contract during the second / third / fourth quarter of fiscal year 2026. Short project scope description: The?Contractor?shall?provide?complete?design?and?construction?services,?contract?coordination and?supervision,?including?but?not?limited?to?the?management,?professional?design?services,? and?construction?necessary to Replace existing Demarc building including Transformers, Low Voltage switchgear and Main Utility Switchgear; also Improve draining around building site. At the U.S. Embassy Berlin – Clay Allee compound, to meet the requirements of this contract within the established timeframe. ? Property Description: The Demarc facility project is located on the existing Clay Allee Embassy Annex Compound. The official project address is Clayallee 170, 14195 Berlin, Germany. The site is fully developed. The Demarc building, located in the southwest region of the compound. The estimated magnitude for the entire project is between $1,400,000.00 and $2,200,000.00 U.S. Dollars. Note: the provided ranges is a relatively wide ranges only, in order to give potential offerors a very general orientation as to the magnitude of the work. However, the specified range is not meant to give any indication as to the Independent Government Cost Estimate for this project, which could be at the lower or the upper end of the range indicated. Qualified companies interested in the solicitation shall express their interest by written correspondence to the attention of Mr. Colum Mullan at MullanPC@state.gov, no later than May 10, 2026, using the solicitation number 19GE5026R0056 in the subject line. DO NOT TELEPHONE. All requests for a copy of the solicitation MUST include the following information: Name of Firm, Unique Entity Identifier number, Name, Telephone and Email Address of Point of Contact and Complete Physical and Mailing Address of Firm. The solicitation package/documents shall not be placed on SAM’s as the document contains SBU information. Only companies submitting a letter of interest shall receive a copy of the solicitation package/documents when available. The solicitation package will only be available in the English language. All requirements for translations will be at the expense of the Contractor. Additionally, you are required to complete and include in your expression of interest the below checklist. All requests for the solicitation document that are submitted without the checklist, or with an incomplete checklist, will be rejected. Firms shall be knowledgeable in written and spoken English and possess all appropriate permits and licenses to perform construction work Berlin Germany. A pre-proposal conference and site visit shall be tentatively scheduled for May / June/ July 2026, details of which will be provided to interested offerors with the solicitation package. APPLICATION FOR SOLICITATION DOCUMENTATION CHECK LIST SOLICITATION NO. 19GE5026R0056 COMPANY NAME: _________________________________ In checking the boxes of this check listing, you are acknowledging that your company is able to reach compliance with the following highlighted requirements included in the solicitation. In accordance with DOSAR 652.242-73 AUTHORIZATION AND PERFORMANCE (AUG 1999 it will be necessary for your organization to possess authorization to operate and do business in the country in which this contract will be performed. Contractors shall be required to provide: A thorough description as to what steps you have taken to investigate all requirements to obtain authorization to perform in the given country, Details of your findings and a description of what your organization will actually be required to undertake to obtain licensing, and Specific information concerning the period of time you anticipate it will take to obtain appropriate authorization. You will be required to provide information that clearly shows you are able to work in the country of Austria. Any entry or work visa issues requirements must be clearly discussed with a plan to mitigate any risk clearly identified. The US Government will not provide any assistance with Visas. Irrevocable Letters of Credit (ILOC): You shall show by way of a letter from a financial institution that your company will be provided with ILOCs totaling 40% of the value of the contract. The amounts being approved by your bank will need to be written into the documentary proof. If you have a Unique Entity Identifier* and have been SAM** registered, please include below. Please note that the requirement to obtain a Unique Entity Identifier and for your company to be SAM registered, shall be a mandatory requirement before contract award. Unique Entity Identifier: ________________ SAM Registered: ( ) Yes ( ) No * Unique Entity Identifier: www.sam.gov ** System for Award Management: www.sam.gov The failure to provide the above documentation when submitting your proposal may result in your proposal being found technically unacceptable and removed from the competition without further discussions. Solicitation and award will be subject to the laws and regulations of the United States of America. This requirement is being competed utilizing full and open competition procedures. The Contract Specialist for the administration of this contract is Mr. Colum Mullan, email MullanPC@state.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Colum Mullan
  - Email: mullanpc@state.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Alexandra Perez Acevedo
  - Email: PerezAcevedoA@state.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . The official project address is Clayallee 170, 14195 Berlin, Germany. The site is fully developed. The Demarc building, located in the southwest region of the compound. The estimated magnitude for the entire project is between $1,400,000.00 and $2,200,000.00 U.S. Dollars. Note: the provided ranges is a relatively wide ranges only, in order to give potential offerors a very general orientation as to the magnitude of the work. However, the specified range is not meant to give any indication as to the Independent Government Cost Estimate for this project, which could be at the lower or the upper end of the range indicated. Qualified companies interested in the solicitation shall express their interest by written correspondence to the attention of Mr. Colum Mullan at MullanPC@state.gov, no later than May 10, 2026, using the solicitation number 19GE5026R0056 in the subject line. DO NOT TELEPHONE. All requests for a copy of the solicitation MUST include the following information: Name of Firm, Unique Entity Identifier number, Name, Telephone and Email Address of Point of Contact and Complete Physical and Mailing Address of Firm. The solicitation package/documents shall not be placed on SAM’s as the document contains SBU information. Only companies submitting a letter of interest shall receive a copy of the solicitation package/documents when available. The solicitation package will only be available in the English language. All requirements for translations will be at the expense of the Contractor. Additionally, you are required to complete and include in your expression of interest the below checklist. All requests for the solicitation document that are submitted without the checklist, or with an incomplete checklist, will be rejected. Firms shall be knowledgeable in written and spoken English and possess all appropriate permits and licenses to perform construction work Berlin Germany. A pre-proposal conference and site visit shall be tentatively scheduled for May / June/ July 2026, details of which will be provided to interested offerors with the solicitation package. APPLICATION FOR SOLICITATION DOCUMENTATION CHECK LIST SOLICITATION NO. 19GE5026R0056 COMPANY NAME: _________________________________ In checking the boxes of this check listing, you are acknowledging that your company is able to reach compliance with the following highlighted requirements included in the solicitation. In accordance with DOSAR 652.242-73 AUTHORIZATION AND PERFORMANCE (AUG 1999 it will be necessary for your organization to possess authorization to operate and do business in the country in which this contract will be performed. Contractors shall be required to provide: A thorough description as to what steps you have taken to investigate all requirements to obtain authorization to perform in the given country, Details of your findings and a description of what your organization will actually be required to undertake to obtain licensing, and Specific information concerning the period of time you anticipate it will take to obtain appropriate authorization. You will be required to provide information that clearly shows you are able to work in the country of Austria. Any entry or work visa issues requirements must be clearly discussed with a plan to mitigate any risk clearly identified. The US Government will not provide any assistance with Visas. Irrevocable Letters of Credit (ILOC): You shall show by way of a letter from a financial institution that your company will be provided with ILOCs totaling 40% of the value of the contract. The amounts being approved by your bank will need to be written into the documentary proof. If you have a Unique Entity Identifier* and have been SAM** registered, please include below. Please note that the requirement to obtain a Unique Entity Identifier and for your company to be SAM registered, shall be a mandatory requirement before contract award. Unique Entity Identifier: ________________ SAM Registered: ( ) Yes ( ) No * Unique Entity Identifier: www.sam.gov ** System for Award Management: www.sam.gov The failure to provide the above documentation when submitting your proposal may result in your proposal being found technically unacceptable and removed from the competition without further discussions. Solicitation and award will be subject to the laws and regulations of the United States of America. This requirement is being competed utilizing full and open competition procedures. The Contract Specialist for the administration of this contract is Mr. Colum Mullan, email MullanPC@state.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c970666ed84542b1be06a37fe44080e2/view)