---
layout: default
title: Night Vision Device Accessories and Training for Foreign Military Sales
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 759b3f81384142f4b9f60d3e0dce2553
---

# Night Vision Device Accessories and Training for Foreign Military Sales

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-07 12:40:33.963-04
- Solicitation Number: W91CRB-26-Q-5003

## Summary

SUBJECT: Solicitation: W91CRB-26-Q-5003 Request for Quote (RFQ) This is a COMBINED SYNOSPIS/SOLICIATION for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation WILL NOT be issued. The word Government in this document refers to the United States Government, its authorized Agencies, Departments, Representatives, Personnel and Assigns Only. The Government intends to award at least two (2) but no more than three (3) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contracts lasting five (5) years as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. Award will be made to up to three (3) lowest-priced, technically acceptable (LPTA) offerors with acceptable Past Performance. This solicitation is a Request for Quote (RFQ), for 100% Small Business Set Aside for Foreign Military Sales (FMS) case: XX-B-XXX, Country: Multiple The combined value of all contracts awarded in response to this solicitation shall not exceed $9,000,000.00. The Government reserves the unilateral right to make no award if determined to be in the Government’s best interest. The Government also reserves the right to not fully evaluate a proposal once it has been eliminated from the competition by an evaluation factor. A one (1) year standard commercial warranty is required on all items. The requirements for a standard warranty are described herein. Prior to award, the vendor shall submit standard warranty language to be attached to the contract. Description The U.S. Army, an agency of the Government, intends to procure the following Commercial Off-the-Shelf (COTS) items: CLIN Description Delivery ARO CLIN 0001 PURGE KITS PVS-7 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0002 PURGE KITS PVS-14 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0003 PURGE KITS PVS-31 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0004 PURGE KITS AVS-6/AVS-9 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0005 SPECIALIZED TOOL KITS PVS-7 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0006 SPECIALIZED TOOL KITS PVS-14 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0007 SPECIALIZED TOOK KITS PVS-31 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0008 SPECIALIZED TOOL KITS AVS-6/AVS-9 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0009 PASGT HELMET STANDARD ACCESSORIES KIT PVS-7 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0010 MICH/ECH STANDARD ACCESSORIES KITS PVS-7 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0011 PASGT STANDARD ACCESSORIES KITS PVS-14 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0012 MICH/ECH STANDARD ACCESSORIES KITS PVS-14 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0013 PASGT STANDARD ACCESSORIES KITS PVS-31 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0014 MICH/ECH STANDARD ACCESSORIES KITS PVS-31 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0015 PVS-31 BATTERY PACK 180 DAYS ARO CLIN 0016 STANDARD ACCESSORIES KITS AVS-6/AVS-9 SPH-4B, HGU-56P, SPH-5 RETRO-FITTED WITH QD VISOR SHIELDS, OBJECTIVE LENS ASSEMBLY CLASS B Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0017 STANDARD ACCESSORIES KITS AVS-6/AVS-9, SPH-4B, HGU-56P, SPH-5, RETRO-FITTED WITH QD VISOR SHIELDS, OBJECTIVE LENS ASSEMBLY CLASS C Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0018 STANDARD ACCESSORIES KITS AVS-6/AVS-9, HGU-67/P AND HGU-84/P, RETRO-FITTED WITH QD VISOR SHIELDS, OBJECTIVE LENS ASSEMBLY CLASS B Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0019 STANDARD ACCESSORIES KITS AVS-6/AVS-9, HGU-67/P AND HGU-84/P, RETRO-FITTED WITH QD VISOR SHIELDS, OBJECTIVE LENS ASSEMBLY CLASS C Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0020 STANDARD ACCESSORIES KITS AVS-6/AVS-9, SPH-5CG, RETRO-FITTED WITH QD VISOR SHIELDS, OBJECTIVE LENS ASSEMBLY CLASS B Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0021 STANDARD ACCESSORIES KITS AVS-6/AVS-9, SPH-5CG, RETRO-FITTED WITH QD VISOR SHIELDS, OBJECTIVE LENS ASSEMBLY CLASS C Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0022 TACTICAL ACCESSORIES KITS PVS-7 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0023 PVS-7 TYPE 1 UNIVERSAL FOCUS ADJUSTABLE IRIS Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0024 TACTICAL ACCESSORIES KITS PVS-14 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0025 PVS-14 TYPE 1 UNIVERSAL FOCUS ADJUSTABLE IRIS 180 DAYS ARO CLIN 0026 PVS-14 ENHANCED MULT-BATTERY POWER HOUSING 180 Days ARO CLIN 0027 TACTICAL ACCESSORIES KITS PVS-31 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0028 PVS-31 TYPE 2 UNIVERSAL FOCUS ADJUSTABLE IRIS Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0029 PVS-31 BATTERY POWER SUPPLY AND CABLE 180 Days ARO CLIN 0030 TACTICAL ACCESSORIES KITS AVS-6/AVS-9 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0031 AVS-6/AVS-9 TYPE 1 UNIVERSAL FOCUS ADJUSTABLE IRIS Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0032 AVS-6/AVS-9 BATTERY POWER SUPPLY AND CABLE 180 Days ARO CLIN 0033 CONSUMABLE SPARE PARTS PVS-7 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0034 CONSUMABLE SPARE PARTS PVS-14 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0035 CONSUMABLE SPARE PARTS PVS-31 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0036 CONSUMABLE SPARE PARTS AVS-6/AVS-9 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0037 4348/UV TYPE TEST SET PVS-7, PVS-14, PVS-31, AVS-6/AVS-9 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0038 ANV-20-20 INFINITY FOCUS SYSTEM TEST SET PVS-7, PVS-14, AVS-6/AVS-9 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0039 ANV-126A TYPE TEST SET PVS-7 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0040 ANV-126A TYPE TEST SET PVS-14 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0041 ANV-126A TYPE TEST SET PVS-31 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0042 ANV-126A TYPE TEST SET AVS-6/AVS-9 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0043 HELMET MOUNT ADAPTER J-ARM PVS-14 Commercial Equivalent 180 Days ARO CLIN 0044 AVS-6/AVS-9 HELMET MOUNT ADAPTER FOR ANVS SYSTEMS TO COMBAT HELMET MOUNTS 180 Days ARO CLIN 0045 HELMET MOUNT ASSEMBLY PVS-14 PASGT VIEWER BRACKET 180 Days ARO CLIN 0046 HELMET MOUNT ASSEMBLY PVS-14 AND PVS-31 UNIVERSAL SHROUD 180 Days ARO CLIN 0047 NVD BREAKAWAY MOUNT ASSEMBLY FOR PVS-7, DOVETAIL, DUMP TRUCK 180 Days ARO CLIN 0048 NVD BREAKAWAY MOUNT ASSEMBLY FOR PVS-14, DOVETAIL, DUMP TRUCK, J-ARM 180 Days ARO CLIN 0049 NVD BREAKAWAY MOUNT ASSEMBLY FOR PVS-31, DUMP TRUCK 180 Days ARO CLIN 0050 AVS-6/AVS-9 HELMET MOUNT FOR AVIATION STYLE HELMETS 180 DAYS ARO CLIN 0051 AVS-6/AVS-9 HELMET MOUNT FOR AVIATION/BALL DETENTION BREAKAWAY STYLE 180 Days ARO CLIN 0052 AVS-6/AVS-9 HELMET MOUNT ADAPTER KIT COMBAT HELMET BREAKAWAY MOUNT STYLE 180 Days ARO CLIN 0053 IN-COUNTRY TRAINING PVS-7 240 Days ARO CLIN 0054 IN-COUNTRY TRAINING PVS-14 240 Days ARO CLIN 0055 IN-COUNTRY TRAINING AVS-6/AVS-9 240 Days ARO CLIN 0056 IN-COUNTRY TRAINING PVS-31 240 Days ARO Note 1: Items shall be built in accordance with, and shall meet the performance criteria as specified in the manufacturer’s drawings and specifications. These drawings and specifications shall be made available to the Government during the life of the contract. Note 2: New Equipment ONLY. Equipment must be commercial off the shelf and not require any modification. NO remanufactured or gray market items. All items must be covered by the manufacturer’s warranty. Equipment must be exportable for use in multiple countries. Note 3: Vendors shall not add additional cost for shipping items. Items WILL NOT be shipped by the vendors (see shipping instructions below). Note 4: Award determination will be based on the lowest average priced proposal (see basis of award section for more details). For each Delivery Order fair opportunity, award determination will be based on lowest price for the specific Unified Combatant Command (COCOMs) Location (Six COCOMs listed in Excel Spreadsheet) where training will be requested during relevant production year. The contractor proposed prices for each Delivery Order fair opportunity should not exceed the base contract proposed price for the relevant production year. Note 5: See attached Performance Work Statement for salient characteristics. SHIPPING INSTRUCTIONS FOR MULTIPLE COUNTRIES: Vendor Instructions: Vendor shall not ship items. Vendor will contact the following cognizant DCMA to arrange for pick-up: the cognizant DCMA will be provided at time of award. The DCMA office requires as much as 30 days to provide shipping instructions. As of March 2,2026, The SIR Application will be active in PIEE under the "Transportation" tile/module. PIEE Access will be managed at the vendor level as it is now, by Contractors assigned CAM. Please refer to PIEE instructions on registering for additional tool access. https://piee.eb.mil/. Partial Shipments are not allowed. Early deliveries are authorized. The vendor will mark the outside of each box in accordance with with current commercial packaging ASTM D 3951-18., Military Address Label with the requisition W91CRB-26-D-XXXX and FMS Case Designator XX-B-XXX. DCMA Instructions: This is an FMS shipment. All Transportation costs are to be charged to the transportation fund cite. The FMS case designator is XX-B-XXX. These will be filled out on each delivery order. Ship to code: TBD Mark for code: TBD Other Information/Requirements: In accordance with DFARS provision 252.204-7025(d), “The Offeror shall provide, in the proposal, the CMMC unique identifier(s) (CMMC UIDs) issued by SPRS for each contractor information system that will process, store, or transmit FCI or CUI during performance of a contract, task order, or delivery order resulting from this solicitation”. Failure to provide the UID and confirmation of CMMC Level 2 (Self) for this requirement with quote submission will result in ineligibility for award. 2. It is the responsibility of the Offeror to ensure that their Offer is compliant with ALL provisions of the FAR and its supplements. The Government MAY but is not obligated to consider the Offer of any Offeror that is non-compliant with any provision of the FAR and its supplements. Furthermore, the Government is NOT required to inform any Offeror that their Offer is non- compliant with the FAR or any of its supplements. Failure of an Offer to comply with any provision of the FAR and its supplements can be deemed by the Government as insufficient and non-responsive to the solicitation. 3. For this acquisition, the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number is 333310 and FSC is 5855. 4. Offeror MUST disclose whether they are an Assembler, Manufacturer, Distributor or Reseller for each item offered. 5. Delivery shall be completed by 180 days ARO. Training shall be completed by 240 days ARO. 6. Minimum requirements shall be $1,000.00, maximum shall not exceed $9,000,000.00. SPECIAL CLAUSE FOR FOREIGN MILITARY SALES: “Rights in Technical Data and Software Provided to a Foreign Government” The parties hereto recognize that any technical data and computer software being purchased hereunder will be provided to a foreign government. The parties further recognize that the clauses in this contract dealing with rights in technical data, computer software and patent indemnity may be drafted in terms of rights flowing to the United States Government. Accordingly, the Contractor agrees to grant, and by incorporation of this clause in the contract document, does grant, that foreign government the same rights in technical data, computer and patent indemnity as would be granted to the United States Government by operation of those clauses in the contract document dealing with rights in technical data, computer software and patent indemnity, except that no rights to computer software source code for the foreign government are provided in this contract. For the purposes of contract administration, the parties agree that the clauses will be administered with the foreign government in such a manner as best approximates that set out with respect to the United States Government. Accelerated delivery at no additional cost to the Government is accepted and encouraged; Split shipments are not authorized. Packaging requirements shall be in accordance with Standard Practice for Commercial Packaging (ASTM D 33951-98). Inspection and acceptance of hardware shall be at SOURCE. Shipment will be FOB Origin. Inspection and acceptance of training shall be at DESTINATION. Upon award, the contractor will be required to contact the local DCMA Office for shipping instructions. IMPORTANT: All Contractors must provide as part of their proposal package a technical proposal that is sufficiently detailed to prove that the commercial product (s) they are offering meet all the salient characteristics in accordance with the scope of work. All proposals must include specification or data sheet for each items as requested. BASIS for AWARD: The Government intends to make an award to the Contractors who submit the Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable (LPTA) offers and are deemed responsible by the Contracting Officer based on past performance. In accordance with FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Items, The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offerors whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: price, technical, and past performance. The Government will evaluate the technical proposal to ensure that it meets ALL of the Government’s requirements and conforms to the salient characteristics. The Government will start evaluating the technical proposals based on which proposals have the lowest price. The technical evaluations will begin with the lowest average priced proposals until there are three (3) technically acceptable proposals. Hence, not all proposals must be evaluated. The Government will evaluate price based on the proposals with the lowest average price. Every CLIN for all periods will be added and averaged to create the average price for that proposal. That total averaged price will be used to compare amongst the proposals and the lowest three (3) will start the technical evaluation process. The Government will evaluate each vendors past performance. Only vendors who have satisfactory or above past performance records can be eligible for award. If a vendor has no past performance record, they will be considered satisfactory and can still be eligible for award. The items being solicited under this action have been set 100% aside for Small Business only; only proposals from Small Business will be evaluated. The Contracting Officer reserves the right to make no award under this solicitation or issue multiple awards to multiple vendors as determined fair and reasonable for each item. PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES applicable to this acquisition are as follows: FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Items FAR 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Products and Commercial Services FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statues or Executive Orders – Commercial Products and Commercial Services, for Paragraph (b) the following clauses apply: FAR 52.204-10 Reporting Executive Compensation and First Tier Subcontract Awards FAR 52.204-23 Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab and other Covered Entities FAR 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment FAR 52.204-25 Prohibition of Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment FAR 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services – Representation FAR 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded FAR 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations FAR 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law. FAR 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside FAR 52.219-13 Notice of Set-Aside of Orders FAR 52.219-28 Postaward Small Business Program Representation FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor FAR 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies FAR 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans FAR 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities FAR 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans FAR 52.222-40 Compliance with Veterans’ Employment Reporting Requirements FAR 52.225-13 Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management FAR 52.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations FAR 52.222-22 Previous Contracts and Compliance Reports FAR 52.222-50 Combatting Trafficking in Persons FAR 52.225-25 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran—Representation and Certifications FAR 52.227-1 Authorization and Consent FAR 52.227-2 Notice and Assistance Regarding Patent and Copyright Infringement FAR 52.227-9 Refund of Royalties FAR 52.227-11 Patent Rights-Ownership by the Contractor FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors FAR 52.233-3 Protest after Award FAR 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim FAR 52.247-29 F.o.b. Origin FAR 52.247-34 F.O.B. Destination FAR 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference DFARS 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials DFARS 252.204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product DFARS 252.204-7012 Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting DFARS 252.204-7015 Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support DFARS 252.204-7016 Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services--Representation DFARS 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services--Representation DFARS 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services DFARS 252.204-7021 Contractor Compliance With the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification Level Requirements DFARS 252.204-7025 Notice of Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification Level Requirements DFARS 252.205-7000 Provision of Information to Cooperative Agreement Holders DFARS 252.233-7001 Choice of Law (Overseas) DFARS 252.211-7003 Item Unique Identification and Valuation DFARS 252.222-7002 Compliance with Local Labor Laws (Overseas) DFARS 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium DFARS 252.225-7027 Restriction on Contingent Fees for Foreign Military Sales DFARS 252.225-7028 Exclusionary Policies and Practices for Foreign Governments DFARS 252.225-7040 Contractor Personnel Supporting U.S. Armed Forces Deployed Outside the United States DFARS 252.225-7041 Correspondence in English DFARS 252.225-7048 Export-Controlled Items DFARS 252.226-7001 Utilization of Indian Organizations, Indian-Owned Economic Enterprises, and Native Hawaiian Small Business Concerns DFARS 252.227-7015 Technical Data – Commercial Products and Commercial Services DFARS 252.227-7027 Deferred Ordering of Technical Data or Computer Software DFARS 252.227-7030 Technical Data—Withholding of Payment DFARS 252.227-7032 Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software (Foreign) DFARS 252.227-7037 Validation of Asserted Restrictions on Technical Data DFARS 252.227-7039 Patents—Reporting of Subject Inventions DFARS 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DFARS 252.232-7006 Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions DFARS 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments DFARS 252.243-7001 Pricing of Contract Modifications DFARS 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea AFARS 5152.211-9000 Evaluation of Subline Items AFARS 5152.211-9001 Variations in Estimated Quantities—Subline Items Full text of these provisions and clauses, with noted exceptions regarding local clauses, may be obtained by accessing the following internet website: https://www.acquisition.gov/ Requirements for No Cost Warranty The contractor shall provide a warrant for this Foreign Military Sale (FMS) covering workmanship and materials for all items furnished in accordance with this contract or any modification thereof. If the warranty is a commercial warranty and states that the warranty shall not be in effect outside the continental United States, then the wording of the warranty shall be amended so that the warranty is extended to the final FMS customer. The warranty shall be for a minimum of one year or twelve months in duration at time of pick up for shipment. No Cost Warranty Manual. The contractor shall provide an operational manual and/or an insert to accompany the material, describing the actions to be taken by the user in order to exercise the warranty and obtain repaired/replaced equipment. This guidance shall be provided in both English (and the native language of the FMS customer if specified in the delivery order after negotiation). This warranty will run directly to the benefit of the FMS customer and will not be structured so as to require any actions/administration on the part of the U.S. Government. The contractor shall provide phone number(s) and/or address(es) for customer service representative nearest to the FMS customer location. The customer service representative nearest to the FMS customer location. The customer service representative shall be able to supply information to the FMS customer for the return of the defective equipment for repair or replacement. No Cost Warranty Procedures. At the exercising of this warranty by the FMS customer, the warranty clock shall be stopped. Upon notification of a failure by the FMS customer to the contractor, the warranty clock shall be stopped relative to the unit in question. The warranty clock will be restarted upon acceptance of the repaired/replaced unit by the FMS customer. Upon arrival at the contractors repair facility, both the contractor and Government representative will determine if failed item is covered under the warranty. The FMS customer shall be responsible for the established cost for items tested and found to be a “False Pull” or “No Evidence of Failure (NOEF)”. The contractor shall meet a 30 day turn-around time for repair. This time shall be from the date of receipt by the contractor, to shipment from the contractor’s facility. The contractor shall be responsible for transportation cost from the FMS customer to the contractor’s facility and return to the FMS customer. No Cost Warranty Markings. Warranty markings shall be applied to unit, intermediate and shipping containers. The markings shall be in a conspicuous location to give notice that the item(s) are subject to warranty coverage. These markings shall indicate the time period or condition of the warranty (e.g., days/months, hours of operation, etc.) The warranty markings shall be applied by labeling, tagging, or printing and shall be prefaced by the words “WARRANTY ITEM” in letters appropriately two times larger than the letters for the remainder of the required information. PROPOSAL SHALL INCLUDE: (1) Solicitation Number and date on cover page with numbered pages; (2) Original letter signed by an individual authorized to bind the organization (include Federal Tax Idenfification Number, Cage Code and DUNS); (3) Business Size, if Small Business list subcategory, if applicable; (4) schedule of offered items to include unit price, total price and grand total columns; (5) a technical proposal that is sufficiently detailed to prove that the commercial product (s) they are offering meet all the salient characteristics in accordance with the scope of work, and specification or data sheet for each items as requested (6) up to three (3) points of contact of prior customers who can provide past performance information; If the offeror has no relevant past performance this shall be noted in their proposal; (7) Representation and Certifications compliant with FAR Clause 52.212-3; (8) Acknowledgement and agreement with amendments, if applicable. Requirements for Offerors Offerors must have a current registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award. The offeror may register in SAM at http://www.sam.gov. Offerors shall have a current registration in the Wide Area Workflow (WAWF) prior to award. The offeror may register in WAWF at https://wawf.eb.mil. SUBMISSION OF QUESTIONS: All questions regarding the solicitation must be submitted to contract specialist, Patrick Siemon via e-mail, Patrick.d.siemon.civ@army.mil. The Government will answer questions submitted up until 04/14/26. After 04/14/26 the Government will make every attempt to answer questions, however cannot guarantee that questions will be answered before the solicitation date closes. Answers to the questions will be posted on SAM.gov. The Government has made every attempt to accurately reflect the requirements/information contained in this solicitation. However, if you find any discrepancies between the Executive Summary and the clauses/provisions in the solicitation, the clauses/provisions shall prevail. Contact the contract specialist immediately if any discrepancies are found. SUBMISSION OF PROPOSAL: The offeror shall submit their proposal via e-mail to the contract specialist by 5:00 PM EST U.S. on April 21, 2026. E-mail: Patrick.d.siemon.civ@army.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Patrick Siemon
  - Email: patrick.d.siemon.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/759b3f81384142f4b9f60d3e0dce2553/view)