---
layout: default
title: Weapons Simulator
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 87d40f80564344799abd11354fdaf63d
---

# Weapons Simulator

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 11:26:02.917-04
- Solicitation Number: FA483026Q0002

## Summary

Amandment 1: Extended the solicitation period to 20 FEB, 2026. This allows for vendors to have time to consider the answers to the questions that are posted and adjust potential bids accordingly. Amendment 2: Attatched the question and answer form to the solicitation, which answers questions asked by vendors. Amendment 3: Added evaluation criteria and required documents and extended solicitation to 27 FEB 2026. Amendment 4: Further elaborated on the salient characteristics of the weapon simulator and extended the date of which offers are due to Thursday 12 March. The purpose of this solicitation is to procure a Virtual Weapons Simulator for the 23d Security Forces Squadron (23 SFS) at Moody Air Force Base. This capability is essential to meeting the training requirements outlined in DAFI 36?2646 and to ensuring Defenders are fully prepared to execute their mission across the full spectrum of installation defense operations. The requirement for a virtual weapons simulator is established in DAFI 36?2646 as a foundational training capability for Security Forces. This system enables realistic and interactive weapons instruction designed to enhance marksmanship proficiency, support Congressionally mandated Shoot/No?Shoot training, and provide a safe, resource?efficient alternative to exclusive reliance on live?fire ranges. By reducing the consumption of ammunition and minimizing range maintenance demands, the simulator contributes directly to Air Force resource stewardship. DAFI 36?2646, Section 3.13.4.2 – Weapons Simulator A weapons simulator is defined as a training device that supports the development and sustainment of mission?essential skills to a prescribed standard of competency for specific operational tasks and duty positions. Security Forces units are required to employ weapons training simulators capable of generating realistic use?of?force engagement scenarios, enabling Defenders to train against threats across the full spectrum of installation defense operations. These systems must support tactical weapons employment for all weapons assigned to the unit’s mission and provide an effective tool for Airmen conducting marksmanship training. The simulator also serves as a valuable refresher capability, reinforcing muscle memory for personnel who fire less frequently. Space requirements vary based on the system configuration and the weapons supported. Additional technical specifications are outlined in Attachment 3 of the instruction. To meet these requirements, the virtual weapons simulator must integrate both hardware and software components, including a mixed?reality combat simulation environment, AI?enabled after?action review tools, and intelligent adversary behavior modeling. The system must incorporate head?mounted displays, weapon sensors, recoil?enabled weapon simulators, KWA LM4 weapons and magazines, a Wi?Fi?enabled command terminal laptop, and full warranty coverage. The platform must support simultaneous training for a four?person fire team while also allowing for individual training sessions. Haptic feedback suits are an essential requirement, addressing a current capability gap in which trainees receive no physical indication of being hit during simulated engagements. These suits provide immediate tactile feedback when a trainee is struck by simulated enemy fire, reinforcing realistic decision?making and enhancing overall training effectiveness. The weapon simulator MUST be head-mounted. The weapon simulator MUST be mobile. The weapon simulator MUST come with 4 of the required KWA LM4 rifles. The weapons MUST be the same size, weight and recoil of a standard issue M4. The weapon simulator MUST be able to support at least 4 users simultaneaously. The weapon simulator MUST include Haptic Feedback Suits. EVALUATION FACOTRS FOR AWARD The Government will issue a purchase order to the responsible offeror whose quotation, conforming to the solicitation, is determined to represent the best value to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Price: The price evaluation will follow a Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) approach. The award will be based on the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA), where the total price will be evaluated to determine the best value to the Government. Technical Capability: Contractor must provide documentation that demonstrates ability to meet all technical requirements in the solicitation. The offer must meet all technical requirements stated in the solicitation. Past Performance: Performance Quality Assessment. The government will determine how well the offeror performed on past contracts that are both recent and relevant, and, based on an integrated assessment, assign a rating of "Acceptable" or "Unacceptable" as described. (Acceptable: Based on the offeror's performance record, the Government has a reasonable expectation that the Offeror will successfully perform the required effort, or the Offeror's performance record is unknown.) (Unacceptable: Based on the Offeror's performance record, the Government has no reasonable expectation that the Offeror will able to successfully perform the required effort.) INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS Solicitation No: FA483026Q0002 Requirement: 23 SFS Weapons Simulator RFQ due date: 12 March 2026, 10:00 AM EST. Interested parties shall submit their quotations electronically to either POC. Company Name: ____________ Unique Entity ID Number (UEID): ____________ Cage Code: _______________ *Number of Employees_____________ *Total Yearly Revenue_______________ *Information required determining size of business for the NAICS referenced above. Quotation Contents: Capability Statement: A detailed narrative explaining how the offerors capablities Price Breakdown: Breakdown of cost elements Prodcut Specification Sheet: Detailed description of product being provided. For any questions regarding this solicitation: Email jacob.turner.28@us.af.mil and CC nasir.smith.1@us.af.mil .zip files are not an acceptable format for the Air Force Network and will not go through our email system. The Government intends to award purchase order without discussion; therefore, offerors should quote their best price. All companies must be registered in the System for Award Management at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ to be considered for award. The Government will not provide contract financing for this acquisition. Invoice instruction shall be provided at time of award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: 2nd Lt. Jacob Turner
  - Email: jacob.turner.28@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2292574776
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: 1st Lt. Nasir Smith
  - Email: nasir.smith.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 2292573226

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: of the instruction. To meet these requirements, the virtual weapons simulator must integrate both hardware and software components, including a mixed?reality combat simulation environment, AI?enabled after?action review tools, and intelligent adversary behavior modeling. The system must incorporate head?mounted displays, weapon sensors, recoil?enabled weapon simulators, KWA LM4 weapons and magazines, a Wi?Fi?enabled command terminal laptop, and full warranty coverage. The platform must support simultaneous training for a four?person fire team while also allowing for individual training sessions. Haptic feedback suits are an essential requirement, addressing a current capability gap in which trainees receive no physical indication of being hit during simulated engagements. These suits provide immediate tactile feedback when a trainee is struck by simulated enemy fire, reinforcing realistic decision?making and enhancing overall training effectiveness. The weapon simulator MUST be head-mounted. The weapon simulator MUST be mobile. The weapon simulator MUST come with 4 of the required KWA LM4 rifles. The weapons MUST be the same size, weight and recoil of a standard issue M4. The weapon simulator MUST be able to support at least 4 users simultaneaously. The weapon simulator MUST include Haptic Feedback Suits. EVALUATION FACOTRS FOR AWARD The Government will issue a purchase order to the responsible offeror whose quotation, conforming to the solicitation, is determined to represent the best value to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Price: The price evaluation will follow a Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) approach. The award will be based on the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA), where the total price will be evaluated to determine the best value to the Government. Technical Capability: Contractor must provide documentation that demonstrates ability to meet all technical requirements in the solicitation. The offer must meet all technical requirements stated in the solicitation. Past Performance: Performance Quality Assessment. The government will determine how well the offeror performed on past contracts that are both recent and relevant, and, based on an integrated assessment, assign a rating of "Acceptable" or "Unacceptable" as described. (Acceptable: Based on the offeror"s performance record, the Government has a reasonable expectation that the Offeror will successfully perform the required effort, or the Offeror"s performance record is unknown.) (Unacceptable: Based on the Offeror"s performance record, the Government has no reasonable expectation that the Offeror will able to successfully perform the required effort.) INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS Solicitation No: FA483026Q0002 Requirement: 23 SFS Weapons Simulator RFQ due date: 12 March 2026, 10:00 AM EST. Interested parties shall submit their quotations electronically to either POC. Company Name: ____________ Unique Entity ID Number (UEID): ____________ Cage Code: _______________ *Number of Employees_____________ *Total Yearly Revenue_______________ *Information required determining size of business for the NAICS referenced above. Quotation Contents: Capability Statement: A detailed narrative explaining how the offerors capablities Price Breakdown: Breakdown of cost elements Prodcut Specification Sheet: Detailed description of product being provided. For any questions regarding this solicitation: Email jacob.turner.28@us.af.mil and CC nasir.smith.1@us.af.mil .zip files are not an acceptable format for the Air Force Network and will not go through our email system. The Government intends to award purchase order without discussion; therefore, offerors should quote their best price. All companies must be registered in the System for Award Management at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ to be considered for award. The Government will not provide contract financing for this acquisition. Invoice instruction shall be provided at time of award

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/87d40f80564344799abd11354fdaf63d/view