---
layout: default
title: 48--VALVE,REGULATING,FL
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: d68c75e3f5c24d16b62cf67301351b2d
---

# 48--VALVE,REGULATING,FL

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 05:04:15.57-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010425RZD33

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N742.4|WWQ|(771) 229 - 0446|amanda.a.gowdy.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION/ACCEPTANCE POINT|6||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Material - Invoice & Receiving Report (COMBO); Certifications - Stand-Alone Receiving Report|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|Material - S4306A|N50286|TBD|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|N/A|see DD Form 1423|Not applicable| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|Weapon Systems Support (WSS)| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|one year from date of delivery |one year from date of delivery ||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|4||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| WARRANTY OF DATA-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0035) (FEB 2026)|2||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| BUY AMERICAN - FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS - ISRAELI TRADE ACT (DEV 2026-O0041)(FEB 2026))|3|||| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| LIST OF AWARD ATTACHMENTS|5|X|3|X|X|X| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS--ISRAELI TRADE ACT CERTIFICATE (DEV 2026-O0041)(FEB 2026))|2||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| ROYALTY INFORMATION (APR 1984)|1|| TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984)|1|FIRM-FIXED PRICE | ALTERATIONS IN SOLICITATION (APR 1984)|3|||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||| 1. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 2. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 3. Submission of all certification data CDRLs will be on or before 20 daysprior to delivery. PNSY review/acceptance of certification CDRLs shall be 6working days after receipt of certification DD 1423 CDRLs. Final delivery of material will be on or before 182 days after the effectivedate of the contract. 4. Any contract/order awarded as a result of this solicitation will be a "DO"rated order certified for national defense use under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). 5. DD1423 Data Item A001 may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 1.1.1 DSSP Scope of Certification Material - Material Control Division ;(C); applies to this material. 1.1.2 This ;Valve, Regulating; contains non-metallic materials which must satisfy the toxicity and flammability requirements of NAVSEA SS800-AG-MAN-010/P-9290. Use of any material other than that specified requires special engineering approval and may require testing. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained.

2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.2.2 The documents and drawings listed below under DRAWING NO. are not provided with this Contract/Purchase order. DRAWING NO CAGE REV DISTR CD ;NA52712 K0207 H B PL10260 K0207 10 B; 2.2.3 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 | | |B |190424|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 |0020| |B |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |N |121116|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-1622 | | |B |061115|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=SS800-AG-MAN-010/P-9290 | | |A |200324|A| |42| 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Design, Manufacture, and Performance - Except as modified herein, the item furnished under this contract/purchase order must meet the design, manufacture, and performance requirements specified on CAGE ;K0207; Drawing ;NA52712 and PL10260; .

3.2 Thread Inspection Requirements - All threads on threaded parts must be inspected using appropriate inspection methods, inspection systems, and inspection gages/instruments in accordance with FED-STD-H28 series. Substitution of thecommercial equivalent inspection in accordance with ASME B1 series is acceptable. 3.2.1 System 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used as a minimum inspection requirement for threads when the design drawing or design specification does not specify an inspection requirement. 3.2.2 For Navy and Shipyard drawings, system 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 may be substituted for System 22 without further Navy approval when the design drawing invokes System 22 and does not cite governing specifications that specifically require system 22. System 22 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used when the drawing references other governing specifications that specifically require System 22, such as certain thread types of MIL-DTL-1222. 3.2.3 A written request for concurrence must be submitted when utilizing alternative measuring equipment or measuring systems not applicable to the specified inspection system.

3.3 Internal Threads - All internal threads must be formed by cutting. Cold forming of internal threads is not acceptable.

3.4 Marking - This item must be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

3.5 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government inelectronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.5.1 Waivers/Deviations - Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or minor. All waivers and deviations require review and approval bythe Contracting Officer. A copy of approved waivers and deviations with related OQE must be submitted via WAWF as part of the entire OQE package. (SOC MCD C material requires both approved and disapproved waivers and deviations be submitted) Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to theoperational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.5.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted using the ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 3.5.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of theproduct. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineeringchange.

3.6 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection.

3.7 General Application Cleaning - Cleaning must be in accordance with ;MIL-STD-1622; .

3.8 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^

3.9 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Special Emphasis C of C) The certificate of c compliance must show traceability to the marking applied on each individual item and must contain the following information. 1. Contractors name, address, phone number and date. 2. The NAVSUP contract/purchase order number (i.e. N00104-11-P-FA12) 3. The national stock number (NSN). The 18 character National Stock Number for Special Emphasis Material includes the two digit COG, the four digit FSC, the 9 digit NIIN, and the two digit SMIC (i.e. 1H 4820 012345678 D4) ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 4. Lubricants sealants, anti-seize, and/or thread locking compounds. (N/A wh when Not Applicable).5. Cure date (N/A when Not Applicable). 5. Cure date (N/A when Not Applicable). 6. Manufacturers compound number (N/A when Not Applicable). 7. When weld procedure submittal is required by the contract, a statement that the approval date of the qualification data precedes any production or repair welding preformed on this Contract. (N/A when Not Applicable). 8. When pressure testing is required (e.g. hydrostatic, external tightness, seat tightness), the following information must be included on the C of C for each pressure test preformed: a. Name and serial number(s) of component(s) tested. b. Date of test. When multiple components are being tested, the date of the testing recorded on the C of C should be the date when the final component was tested for the lot. c. The required test pressure with tolerances, required number of cycles and required test duration and record the actual test pressures, actual cycles and actual durations accomplished during testing (e.g. Cycle 1 - 3 X 100 +/-5 psig for 5 minutes). d. The required test medium and required allowable leakage (when applicable) and record the actual test medium used and actual leakage experienced during testing (as applicable). e. A Test Acceptance Signature by Contractor's authorized individual must sign at the completion of all testing attesting that the person(s) who actually preformed or witnessed the tests verified that all associated test perameters were met, indicate acceptance of all recorded test data and certifying the satisfactory completion of the required test(s). NOTE: the contractors internal actual test records must list each component o or lot of components tested together identified by component serial number(s) and must note acceptability by the initials or identification number of the person reforming or witnessing the test and the date the test was performed. These test records must be maintained by the contractor for a minimum of seven years or as noted by the contract or contractually invoked documents. 9. A statement that any additional Hull, Mechanical and Electrical (HM&E) testing required, identified by name of test and that it was performed satisfactorily. If no additional HM&E testing is required, the statement should read "Hull, Mechanical and Electrical (HM&E) testing N/A.". 10. A statement to the effect that all items furnished on this contract are in full compliance with this procurement document including any invoked specification and drawings. 11. Contractors authorized personnels printed name, signature and date. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Notes to the Contractor - 4.1.1 The Contractor for proprietary designs - Departures from Contractor imposed requirements, not specifically covered by the contract, must be judged individually on the basis of the effect, if any, on contractual requirements. The departure must be considered a nonconformance and be submitted to the PCO for disposition. 4.1.2 The Contractor for proprietary designs - All records of departures from Contractor imposed requirements must be maintained and available for review at the Contractor's facility. A record of these departures, traceable to the applicable part number and contract number must be submitted to the PCO. 4.1.3 The Contractor for proprietary designs - For proprietary designs, the contractor's part numbers are acceptable for reference only. The delivered material must conform to all drawings, specifications, and other contractual requirements. 4.1.4 The Contractor - The ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system is available for certain data submissions, and to submit questions and clarifications, and waiver requests on Contracts and Solicitations. ECDS can be found at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking must be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. 6.1.1 There are 7 (seven) separate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161.

6.2 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS.

6.3 Recent Updates - A short description of recent updates to the technical requirements of this item are listed below, along with an implementation date for each issue. The notes below are only a generic quick reference and are provided for convenience only, detailed requirements will be defined elsewhere in the technical sections of this Contract/Purchase Order. ;- 10/20/2016 - Updated ECDS URL - Sep 30 2008 - Thread Inspection Requirements were clarified - Dec 17 2011 - Moved Quality Assurance Text location for Readability - May 16 2013 - Removed GSI from this Material; P/N: NA52712 DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ Block 4 - Paragraphs 10.2.1, 10.2.2, 10.2.3, 10.3, and 10.4 of DI-MISC-80678 do not apply. Block 12 - Certification data must be submitted to Portsmouth Naval Shipyard for review and acceptance prior to each shipment of material. Certification documentation must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow). Enter in WAWF as follows: "Ship to" N50286 "Inspect by" N39040 "Accept by" N39040 and eMail notification field: PORT_PTNH_WAWF_Notification@navy.mil No material is to be shipped prior to the receipt of Acceptance.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7712290446
  - Email: AMANDA.A.GOWDY.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. 2.2.2 The documents and drawings listed below under DRAWING NO. are not provided with this Contract/Purchase order. DRAWING NO CAGE REV DISTR CD ;NA52712 K0207 H B PL10260 K0207 10 B; 2.2.3 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 | | |B |190424|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 |0020| |B |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |N |121116|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-1622 | | |B |061115|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=SS800-AG-MAN-010/P-9290 | | |A |200324|A| |42| 3. REQUIREMENTS

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d68c75e3f5c24d16b62cf67301351b2d/view)