---
layout: default
title: Contractor Logistics Support (CLS) Follow-On, FY 27-30
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: c55cf82054104f70be0b21201692008b
---

# Contractor Logistics Support (CLS) Follow-On, FY 27-30

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-30 11:32:56.515-04
- Solicitation Number: N0001926R1000

## Summary

**NOTE** Announcement Amendment is being manually posted to SAM.Gov as the PIEE Solicitation Module is currently experiencing internal sever issues preventing automatic interfacing between the two systems. We understand there has been some confusion between announcement amendment numbers and solicitation amendment numbers. To ensure clarity, we kindly encourage all parties to carefully review the announcement amendments, as they provide detailed information on the purpose of the announcement. This will help avoid any misunderstandings and ensure alignment with the updated requirements. For future notices, and to avoid confusion, if any document is changed the Government will post the current version of all solicitation documents. Additionally, to reiterate, Attachments and Attachment URLs remain in PIEE and are not transmitted to SAM.gov. Offerors shall reach out via email to the PCO, Primary, and Secondary Solicitations Mangers identified in this announcement if they are experiencing difficulty downloading documents from PIEE. A link to the PIEE announcement is provided as https://piee.eb.mil/sol/xhtml/unauth/search/oppMgmtLink.xhtml?noticeId=N0001926R1000¬iceType=SolicitationNotice Announcement Amendment 0006 (Posting Date 3/30/26): An amendment to the solicitation is provided as Conformed Solicitation Amendment- N0001926R10000003. An amendment to the SF 30 is provided as Solicitation Amendment N0001926R10000003 SF30. The purpose of this solicitation amendment is to update Attachment L-4 Vol 3 Cross Reference Matrix CRM) to correct Performance Work Statement (PWS) and Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) references. Documents associated with the solicitation amendment are labeled AMD 03. Any documents without that nomenclature remain unchanged. To avoid confusion on what documents are current, this announcement amendment also includes the conformed copy of the solicitation and all current versions of the documents. Offerors shall ensure that final proposal submissions are in accordance with the latest revisions of the Solicitation and associated attachments. Attachment 5 will be provided upon request and will not be posted as it is CUI. As a reminder the Government will not accept questions in person or by phone. Questions can be e-mailed any time after receipt of this RFP; however, any questions received after 10 calendar days of the date this RFP is issued (19 Feb 2026) will only be answered at the discretion of the PCO. Offerors shall submit all questions via email to the PCO, Primary, and Secondary Solicitations Mangers identified in this announcement. Contractor Logistics Support (CLS) Follow-On, FY 27-30. This is a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) and Cost (No Fee) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract in support of PMA- 266s United States Marine Corps MQ-9A Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) and its associated payloads, while ensuring sustained combat capability at designated Continental United States (CONUS) and Outside Continental United States (OCONUS) locations. This support includes Organizational-Level (O-Level) maintenance and qualified pilot and sensor operator aircrew services at Main Operating Base (MOB),Forward Operating Base (FOB), and other deployed sites as directed by the Government. THIS SOLICITATION AND ALL ASSOCIATED DOCUMENTS ARE FINAL. **Questions can be e-mailed any time after receipt of this RFP; however, any questions received after 10 calendar days of the date this RFP is issued will only be answered at the discretion of the PCO. Offerors shall submit all questions via email to the PCO, Primary, and Secondary Solicitations Mangers identified in this announcement. The Government will not accept questions in person or by phone. The Offeror must include the company name and RFP number in the subject line of the email. The question(s) must include the document and reference paragraph number that pertain to the Offeror’s question(s). The Government will post non-proprietary questions and answers to the PIEE. Proprietary questions will only be answered at the Government’s discretion.**

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tiffany Horty
  - Email: tiffany.a.horty.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Sharina Miller
  - Email: sharina.n.miller.civ@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: remain in PIEE and are not transmitted to SAM.gov. Offerors shall reach out via email to the PCO, Primary, and Secondary Solicitations Mangers identified in this announcement if they are experiencing difficulty downloading documents from PIEE. A link to the PIEE announcement is provided as https://piee.eb.mil/sol/xhtml/unauth/search/oppMgmtLink.xhtml?noticeId=N0001926R1000¬iceType=SolicitationNotice Announcement Amendment 0006 (Posting Date 3/30/26): An amendment to the solicitation is provided as Conformed Solicitation Amendment- N0001926R10000003. An amendment to the SF 30 is provided as Solicitation Amendment N0001926R10000003 SF30. The purpose of this solicitation amendment is to update Attachment L-4 Vol 3 Cross Reference Matrix CRM) to correct Performance Work Statement (PWS) and Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) references. Documents associated with the solicitation amendment are labeled AMD 03. Any documents without that nomenclature remain unchanged. To avoid confusion on what documents are current, this announcement amendment also includes the conformed copy of the solicitation and all current versions of the documents. Offerors shall ensure that final proposal submissions are in accordance with the latest revisions of the Solicitation and associated attachments. Attachment 5 will be provided upon request and will not be posted as it is CUI. As a reminder the Government will not accept questions in person or by phone. Questions can be e-mailed any time after receipt of this RFP; however, any questions received after 10 calendar days of the date this RFP is issued (19 Feb 2026) will only be answered at the discretion of the PCO. Offerors shall submit all questions via email to the PCO, Primary, and Secondary Solicitations Mangers identified in this announcement. Contractor Logistics Support (CLS) Follow-On, FY 27-30. This is a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) and Cost (No Fee) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract in support of PMA- 266s United States Marine Corps MQ-9A Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) and its associated payloads, while ensuring sustained combat capability at designated Continental United States (CONUS) and Outside Continental United States (OCONUS) locations. This support includes Organizational-Level (O-Level) maintenance and qualified pilot and sensor operator aircrew services at Main Operating Base (MOB),Forward Operating Base (FOB), and other deployed sites as directed by the Government. THIS SOLICITATION AND ALL ASSOCIATED DOCUMENTS ARE FINAL. **Questions can be e-mailed any time after receipt of this RFP; however, any questions received after 10 calendar days of the date this RFP is issued will only be answered at the discretion of the PCO. Offerors shall submit all questions via email to the PCO, Primary, and Secondary Solicitations Mangers identified in this announcement. The Government will not accept questions in person or by phone. The Offeror must include the company name and RFP number in the subject line of the email. The question(s) must include the document and reference paragraph number that pertain to the Offeror’s question(s). The Government will post non-proprietary questions and answers to the PIEE. Proprietary questions will only be answered at the Government’s discretion.**

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c55cf82054104f70be0b21201692008b/view)