---
layout: default
title: J045--West Haven Backflow Repairs - VACHS Plumbing
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: da4dfa4ce15248f4959582fe1673fc8a
---

# J045--West Haven Backflow Repairs - VACHS Plumbing

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 10:18:15.881-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0442
- Awardee: null

## Summary

VA Connecticut Healthcare System West Haven Backflow Repairs Page 2 of 2 Combined Synopsis Solicitation West Haven VAMC Backflow Repairs (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number is 36C24126Q0422 and the solicitation is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). (iii) A statement that the solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01. (iv) This requirement is being issued as a SDVOSB set-aside. The associated NAICS 238220 and small business size standard is $19 million. (v) The Government intends to award a firm-fixed price award for Backflow Repairs at West Haven VAMC. Please see the attached Statement of Work for full requirement details. Please complete the Price Schedule below and submit with the quote submission. (vi) The Contractor shall provide all resources necessary to provide Backflow Repairs IAW the attached (Statement of Work). Please see the attached SOW for full requirement details. (vii) The Place of Performance is West Haven VAMC as described per the (Statement of Work). (viii) Provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial, applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the provision: 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998); 52.204-7 System for Award Management (OCT 2018); 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (JUL 2016); 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990); 852.252-70 Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference (JAN 2008) (ix) Provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Items, applies to this requirement. Site Visit: Vendors shall perform a MANDATORY pre-bid walkthrough at 8:30 a.m. on April 29, 2026 at VA Medical Center West Haven located at 950 Campbell Avenue, West Haven, CT 06516. Meet at Building 15 and obtain a temporary day badge and complete a sign-in sheet. Submission of Quotes: (1) Quotes shall be received on or before the date and time specified in Section (xv) of this solicitation. Note: Offers received after the due date and time shall not be considered. (2) Offerors shall submit their quotes electronically via email to Nathan.Langone@va.gov. (3) Questions: Questions shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer in writing via e-mail. Oral questions are not acceptable due to the possibility of misunderstanding or misinterpretation. The cut-off date and time for receipt of questions is April 30, 2026 by 12:00 PM EST. Questions received after this date and time may not be answered. Questions shall be answered in a formal amendment to the solicitation so all interested parties can see the answers. (4) Quote Format: The submission should be clearly indexed and logically assembled in order of the evaluation criteria below. All pages of the quote shall be appropriately numbered and identified by the complete company name, date and solicitation number in the header and/or footer. Evaluation Process: Award shall be made to the best value, as determined to be the most beneficial to the Government. Please read each section below carefully for the submittals and information required as part of the evaluation. Failure to provide the requested information below shall be considered non-compliant and your quote could be removed from the evaluation process. Offeror quotes shall be evaluated under FAR Part 13.106-2(b) -- Evaluation of Quotations or Offers. Therefore, the Government is not obligated to determine a competitive range, conduct discussions with all contractors, solicit final revised quotes, and use other techniques associated with FAR Part 15. The Government shall award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation shall be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers:Â Price (Follow these instructions): Offeror shall complete Attachment 1 - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor's business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due May 05, 2026 by 10:00 AM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is Nathan.Langone@va.gov ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base Backflow Repairs

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ GRAND TOTAL __________________ ATTACHMENT 2 PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 STATEMENT OF WORK REPAIR FIRE SERVICE BACKFLOW DEVICE BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System requires repairs to a backflow device located on the fire service line at VA Medical Center West Haven 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. JUSTIFICATION Required regulatory inspections and testing were conducted by the Connecticut Department of Health with relief port failure identified in the report. Repairs to the backflow device is required to ensure proper function and maintain the integrity of the fire protection system. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The Place of Performance for this contract is VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven VA Medical Center located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall have a field representative located within 200 miles of the West Haven Campus of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System and have been trained by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) on the specific model of equipment that he/she is being asked to provide services for. Bidders must provide upon request documentation of factory certified service/maintenance training on the specific equipment under the terms of this contract. The Contracting Officer and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Service Provider s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon credentials provided. Bidders will be responsible for complying with the VA Connecticut Healthcare System policy for Lock out/Tag out, all equipment, supplies, and external support to perform work. The Contracting Officer (CO) and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Service Provider s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon credentials provided. Vendors shall be evaluated on past performance, technical capability, and financial capability to perform this work. Vendors shall perform a MANDATORY pre-bid walkthrough at 8:30 a.m. on April 29, 2026 at VA Medical Center West Haven located at 950 Campbell Avenue, West Haven, CT 06516. Meet at Building 15 and obtain a temporary day badge and complete a sign-in sheet. SCOPE OF WORK The Service Provider shall furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, supervision, disposal, and all incidentals to complete work for the services described in this document. The service provider shall work with the VA COR and designated POC. Mobilization shall occur during regular business hours, Monday through Friday 7:30 a.m. 5:00 p.m. No work shall be performed on Government Holidays unless an emergency status has been indicated by the Contracting Officer. US Federal Holidays: New Year s Day Martin Lutehr King Jr. Day President s Day Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving Day Christmas Day Description of Services: The project will include but not be limited to the following: Service provider shall schedule and coordinate all work with the VA COR, Utilities Supervisor, and Chief, Maintenance & Operations. All LOTO request and procedures shall be in compliance with the VA Connecticut Healthcare System Medical Center Policy 138-075. Coordinate all placement and removal of Lockout Tagout devices for any energy source with the VA COR/Maintenance & Operations. All Confined Space Entries shall be in compliance with the VA Connecticut Healthcare System Standard Operating Procedure Confined Space SOP-SO-010. Replace relief port on 8 backflow device Type RPBP with Tag # SN NG-2107 located outside left man hole facing Building 02 Fire Service. Lubricate components as necessary. Repack as necessary. Tag all existing and new valves and components. Furnish certified backflow testing and inspection conducted by a Connecticut Department of Health certified Backflow Prevention Tester. Service provider shall perform start up and acceptance testing. Facilities Management Service shall designate a staff member to witness acceptance testing of all completed work. SUBMITTALS/DELIVERABLES Service provider shall furnish all submittal item documentation with final dispositions and final documentation report with all tests, photos, and work completed within 10 business days following completion of work. Service provider shall furnish all material certifications for any replacement parts used. Service provider shall furnish a waste manifest as required. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS All service provider personnel, sub-service providers and representatives visiting VA sites will be required to sign in upon arrival at Building 15 and/or retain a temporary VA badge. Each visiting individual be required to enter their name, their company s name, VA project title, reason for visit, and the times of arrival and departure. Arrangements for after normal hour working site visits must be made in advance and during normal working hours. General: The Contracting Officer reserves the right to terminate any services, without payment for services completed, if such services are not needed or are not being adequately completed. Approved Plans and Permits: Prior to the start of work, submit to VA copies of all required permits. Site Visits: Day to day project administration will be performed by the COR. Periodic reviews, tests, and other field observation by the Government are not to be interpreted as superintendence nor as resulting in any approval of the service provider s apparent progress toward meeting the Government s objectives; but are intended to discover any information that the Contracting Officer may be able to call to the service provider s attention to prevent costly misdirection of effort. The service provider shall remain responsible for constructing, operating, and maintaining the site in full accordance if the requirements of this solicitation. The service provider shall provide VA with a copy of all inspection reports for inspections conducted by local, regional, and state code authorities from the start of construction through issuance of the certificate of occupancy or completion. The service provider shall develop and provide to the VA the following: Safety Plan: The service provider shall produce work in accordance with the latest editions of all applicable DVA guidelines (e.g. Construction Standards, Master Specifications, Standard Details, Special Design Criteria to meet Hospital Joint Commission (JCAHO) requirements), NFPA, Federal and State codes pertinent to the project scope. All applicable personnel on site are required to obtain an Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) 10 hour construction certification, and the site competent person for the service provider must obtain an OSHA 30 hour construction certification. Per VA Directive 1805, smoking vaping, and smokeless tobacco are prohibited on the grounds of VA facilities, including in vehicles. This Directive applies to all Service providers and their employees. No photography of VA premises is allowed without written permission of the contracting officer. Patients and staff are not to be photographed at any time. Prior to commencing work onsite, all Service providers and provider personnel shall furnish proof of receipt of required Tuberculosis testing in compliance with VHA Directive 1131(5), dated June 04, 2021. Parking for Service provider and its employees shall be in designated areas only. Service provider to coordinate with COR. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall hold and save the government, its officers, and agents, free and harmless from liability of any nature occasioned by the Service provider s performance. Working space and space available for storing materials shall be as determined by the COR. Workers are subject to the rules of the Medical Center applicable to their conduct. Execute work in such a manner as to reduce impacts with work being done by others. Billing: Provide COR with a report or statement of work completed and include statements with request for payment. Statement should include service completed and the date each service item was completed. Labor charges shall be billed hourly, and any unused labor totals will be credited back to the VA Medical Center on the next billing cycle, upon receipt of the service report. Safety Codes / Certification / Licensing: Environmental abatement work, if necessary, is to be performed by Service provider under supervision and monitoring for the VA by a Certified Industrial Hygienist. The Service provider shall comply with all codes as described above, as well as codes customarily applied in VA construction jobs such as NFPA fire code, OSHA, VA Design Guides, etc. Labs used by the service provider shall be licensed as required by any applicable governing agencies, and their certifications and licenses shall be included in the reports. Travel: Service provider and/or subservice providers will travel from their place of business to the West Haven VAMC of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System. NARA Records Management Requirements The following standard items relate to records generated in executing this contract: Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C. Chapter 21, 29, 31, and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. The Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. The Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage, or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under or relating to this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nathan Langone
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Nathan.Langone@va.gov
  - Phone: 603-624-4366

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor"s business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due May 05, 2026 by 10:00 AM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is Nathan.Langone@va.gov ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base Backflow Repairs
- Attachment 2: PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 STATEMENT OF WORK REPAIR FIRE SERVICE BACKFLOW DEVICE BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System requires repairs to a backflow device located on the fire service line at VA Medical Center West Haven 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. JUSTIFICATION Required regulatory inspections and testing were conducted by the Connecticut Department of Health with relief port failure identified in the report. Repairs to the backflow device is required to ensure proper function and maintain the integrity of the fire protection system. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The Place of Performance for this contract is VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven VA Medical Center located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall have a field representative located within 200 miles of the West Haven Campus of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System and have been trained by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) on the specific model of equipment that he/she is being asked to provide services for. Bidders must provide upon request documentation of factory certified service/maintenance training on the specific equipment under the terms of this contract. The Contracting Officer and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Service Provider s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon credentials provided. Bidders will be responsible for complying with the VA Connecticut Healthcare System policy for Lock out/Tag out, all equipment, supplies, and external support to perform work. The Contracting Officer (CO) and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Service Provider s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon credentials provided. Vendors shall be evaluated on past performance, technical capability, and financial capability to perform this work. Vendors shall perform a MANDATORY pre-bid walkthrough at 8:30 a.m. on April 29, 2026 at VA Medical Center West Haven located at 950 Campbell Avenue, West Haven, CT 06516. Meet at Building 15 and obtain a temporary day badge and complete a sign-in sheet. SCOPE OF WORK The Service Provider shall furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, supervision, disposal, and all incidentals to complete work for the services described in this document. The service provider shall work with the VA COR and designated POC. Mobilization shall occur during regular business hours, Monday through Friday 7:30 a.m. 5:00 p.m. No work shall be performed on Government Holidays unless an emergency status has been indicated by the Contracting Officer. US Federal Holidays: New Year s Day Martin Lutehr King Jr. Day President s Day Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving Day Christmas Day Description of Services: The project will include but not be limited to the following: Service provider shall schedule and coordinate all work with the VA COR, Utilities Supervisor, and Chief, Maintenance & Operations. All LOTO request and procedures shall be in compliance with the VA Connecticut Healthcare System Medical Center Policy 138-075. Coordinate all placement and removal of Lockout Tagout devices for any energy source with the VA COR/Maintenance & Operations. All Confined Space Entries shall be in compliance with the VA Connecticut Healthcare System Standard Operating Procedure Confined Space SOP-SO-010. Replace relief port on 8 backflow device Type RPBP with Tag # SN NG-2107 located outside left man hole facing Building 02 Fire Service. Lubricate components as necessary. Repack as necessary. Tag all existing and new valves and components. Furnish certified backflow testing and inspection conducted by a Connecticut Department of Health certified Backflow Prevention Tester. Service provider shall perform start up and acceptance testing. Facilities Management Service shall designate a staff member to witness acceptance testing of all completed work. SUBMITTALS/DELIVERABLES Service provider shall furnish all submittal item documentation with final dispositions and final documentation report with all tests, photos, and work completed within 10 business days following completion of work. Service provider shall furnish all material certifications for any replacement parts used. Service provider shall furnish a waste manifest as required. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS All service provider personnel, sub-service providers and representatives visiting VA sites will be required to sign in upon arrival at Building 15 and/or retain a temporary VA badge. Each visiting individual be required to enter their name, their company s name, VA project title, reason for visit, and the times of arrival and departure. Arrangements for after normal hour working site visits must be made in advance and during normal working hours. General: The Contracting Officer reserves the right to terminate any services, without payment for services completed, if such services are not needed or are not being adequately completed. Approved Plans and Permits: Prior to the start of work, submit to VA copies of all required permits. Site Visits: Day to day project administration will be performed by the COR. Periodic reviews, tests, and other field observation by the Government are not to be interpreted as superintendence nor as resulting in any approval of the service provider s apparent progress toward meeting the Government s objectives; but are intended to discover any information that the Contracting Officer may be able to call to the service provider s attention to prevent costly misdirection of effort. The service provider shall remain responsible for constructing, operating, and maintaining the site in full accordance if the requirements of this solicitation. The service provider shall provide VA with a copy of all inspection reports for inspections conducted by local, regional, and state code authorities from the start of construction through issuance of the certificate of occupancy or completion. The service provider shall develop and provide to the VA the following: Safety Plan: The service provider shall produce work in accordance with the latest editions of all applicable DVA guidelines (e.g. Construction Standards, Master Specifications, Standard Details, Special Design Criteria to meet Hospital Joint Commission (JCAHO) requirements), NFPA, Federal and State codes pertinent to the project scope. All applicable personnel on site are required to obtain an Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) 10 hour construction certification, and the site competent person for the service provider must obtain an OSHA 30 hour construction certification. Per VA Directive 1805, smoking vaping, and smokeless tobacco are prohibited on the grounds of VA facilities, including in vehicles. This Directive applies to all Service providers and their employees. No photography of VA premises is allowed without written permission of the contracting officer. Patients and staff are not to be photographed at any time. Prior to commencing work onsite, all Service providers and provider personnel shall furnish proof of receipt of required Tuberculosis testing in compliance with VHA Directive 1131(5), dated June 04, 2021. Parking for Service provider and its employees shall be in designated areas only. Service provider to coordinate with COR. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall hold and save the government, its officers, and agents, free and harmless from liability of any nature occasioned by the Service provider s performance. Working space and space available for storing materials shall be as determined by the COR. Workers are subject to the rules of the Medical Center applicable to their conduct. Execute work in such a manner as to reduce impacts with work being done by others. Billing: Provide COR with a report or statement of work completed and include statements with request for payment. Statement should include service completed and the date each service item was completed. Labor charges shall be billed hourly, and any unused labor totals will be credited back to the VA Medical Center on the next billing cycle, upon receipt of the service report. Safety Codes / Certification / Licensing: Environmental abatement work, if necessary, is to be performed by Service provider under supervision and monitoring for the VA by a Certified Industrial Hygienist. The Service provider shall comply with all codes as described above, as well as codes customarily applied in VA construction jobs such as NFPA fire code, OSHA, VA Design Guides, etc. Labs used by the service provider shall be licensed as required by any applicable governing agencies, and their certifications and licenses shall be included in the reports. Travel: Service provider and/or subservice providers will travel from their place of business to the West Haven VAMC of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System. NARA Records Management Requirements The following standard items relate to records generated in executing this contract: Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C. Chapter 21, 29, 31, and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. The Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. The Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage, or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under or relating to this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/da4dfa4ce15248f4959582fe1673fc8a/view)