---
layout: default
title: Acquisition of Jess Automated Western Blot System
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: ba9b7c2bf0734916b5a1b03567563c0c
---

# Acquisition of Jess Automated Western Blot System

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-20 16:59:45.931-04
- Solicitation Number: PCA-NIMH-02243

## Summary

COMBINED SYNOPSIS / SOLICITATION-COMPETITIVE Title: Jess Automated Western Blot System This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is PCA-NIMH-02243 and the solicitation is issued as request for quotation (RFQ). This acquisition is for a commercial item or service and is conducted under the authority of the FAR Part 12.Acquisition of Commercial Items and is not expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold. A fixed-price type of purchase order is contemplated for this requirement. Section 1: Purchase Requirement: The National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), Molecular Imaging Branch (MIB), requires Jess Automated Western Blot System which is an automated capillary.based immunoassay system, including required warranty upgrade and operator training package. The Jess platform provides automated capillary.based separation, chemiluminescent and dual.color fluorescence detection, RePlex. sequential probing, and quantitative analysis through Compass software. These capabilities are necessary to support reproducible, high.throughput protein characterization within MIB workflows. See Attachment 1 . Purchase Description for additional details. 1. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-05, dated 08-07-2025. 2. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this procurement is 334516. Analytical Laboratory Instrument Manufacturing and the small business size standard are 1000 employees. 3. Line Items: Through this procurement NIMH anticipates a single award, firm fixed price purchase order for Jess Automated Western Blot System as described in the Attachment 1 . Purchase Description. Below is a table that contains the line item numbers and description of the brand name or equal requirement for the anticipated award. Line No. Manufacturer Description 1 ProteinSimple Automated Capillary Based Immunoassay System Qty 1 2 ProteinSimple Warranty Service Upgrade Qty 1 3 ProteinSimple Operator Training Package Qty 1 4 Freight and Handling Qty 1 4. Brand Name Justification: Jess Automated Western Blot System manufactured by ProteinSimple is required because it is the only commercially available instrument that meets the Government?fs minimum scientific, technical, and operational needs. Specifically, Jess uniquely provides: a. Fully automated capillary.based size.separation and immunodetection workflows b. Chemiluminescent and dual.color fluorescence detection c. RePlex. sequential probing, enabling multiple rounds of probing in the same capillary d. Integrated Compass software that generates standardized, quantitative electropherograms compatible with established MIB data pipelines These capabilities are essential to achieve reproducible, high.throughput protein analysis while reducing operator.dependent variability. 5. By submitting a quote in response to this solicitation, vendor is accepting the following terms and conditions: The following FAR provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (OCT 2025) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (NOV 2024) (Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications on-line at http://www.sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications- Commercial Items (Please ensure FAR 52.209-2 -- Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations--Representation. (NOV 2015) is updated in your SAM record) FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements . Representation (JAN 2017) 52.204.26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation (OCT 2020) FAR 52.211-6 Brand Name or Equal (AUG 1999) The following FAR contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52-212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (NOV 2023) FAR 52-212.5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Commercial Items FAR 52.217-6 Option for Increased Quantity (MAR 1989) FAR 52.225-1 Buy American . Supplies FAR 52.232-33 . Payment by EFT (SAM). Required for all contract using SAM. FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) FAR 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (NOV 2021) HHSAR 352.222-70, Contractor Cooperation in Equal Employment Opportunity Investigations (DEC 2015) FAR 52.252-2 -- Clauses Incorporated by Reference. (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address: http://farsite.hill.af.mil/vffara.htm 6. This is not a rated order under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). The resultant purchase order will provide that HHS reserves the right to exercise priorities and allocations authority with respect to this contract, to include rating this order in accordance with 45 CFR Part 101, Subpart A.Health Resources Priorities and Allocations System. 7. Questions and requests for clarification should be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist, Elaine Estrella at elaine.estrella@nih.gov or Brian Lind at brian.lind@nih.gov. on or before April 27, 2026 at 4:00 P.M. Eastern Standard Time (EST). Electronic submittals must include the combined synopsis/solicitation PCA-NIMH-02243 and the Title in the Subject Line. 8. In addition, the Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number, the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size must be included in the response. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. The Offeror must submit with their quote the following information: - Technical quote in accordance with this combined synopsis/solicitation in a searchable PDF format; - Price quote in a PDF format. - The Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number; and - Verification of System for Award Management (SAM) Registration www.sam.gov. Technical quotes shall be submitted in accordance with the Purchase Requirements identified in Section 1 of this combined synopsis/solicitation. The Offeror should submit a separate business quotes in searchable PDF format. In its business quote, the Offeror shall add the total price for the basic requirements. Any quote, modification, or revision that is received at the designated Government office after the exact date and time specified for receipt of quotations is ?glate?h and may not be considered. Quotes received ?glate?h may not be evaluated or considered for award and may be returned to the Offeror. If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that quotes cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of quotes by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation closing date, the time specified for receipt of quotes will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions if the Contracting Officer determines that the initial prices are fair and reasonable and that discussions are not necessary. 9. Response to the combined synopsis/solicitation is due no later than April 30, 2026 at 4:00 P.M. EST. Offers submitted after the deadline may not be considered. The response should be submitted in a searchable electronic format to the Contract Specialist, Elaine Estrella at elaine.estrella@nih.gov or Brian Lind at brian.lind@nih.gov. Electronic submittals must include the combined synopsis/solicitation PCA-NIMH-02243 and the Title in the Subject Line.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Elaine Estrella
  - Email: elaine.estrella@nih.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Lind
  - Email: brian.lind@nih.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . Purchase Description for additional details. 1. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-05, dated 08-07-2025. 2. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this procurement is 334516. Analytical Laboratory Instrument Manufacturing and the small business size standard are 1000 employees. 3. Line Items: Through this procurement NIMH anticipates a single award, firm fixed price purchase order for Jess Automated Western Blot System as described in the Attachment 1 . Purchase Description. Below is a table that contains the line item numbers and description of the brand name or equal requirement for the anticipated award. Line No. Manufacturer Description 1 ProteinSimple Automated Capillary Based Immunoassay System Qty 1 2 ProteinSimple Warranty Service Upgrade Qty 1 3 ProteinSimple Operator Training Package Qty 1 4 Freight and Handling Qty 1 4. Brand Name Justification: Jess Automated Western Blot System manufactured by ProteinSimple is required because it is the only commercially available instrument that meets the Government?fs minimum scientific, technical, and operational needs. Specifically, Jess uniquely provides: a. Fully automated capillary.based size.separation and immunodetection workflows b. Chemiluminescent and dual.color fluorescence detection c. RePlex. sequential probing, enabling multiple rounds of probing in the same capillary d. Integrated Compass software that generates standardized, quantitative electropherograms compatible with established MIB data pipelines These capabilities are essential to achieve reproducible, high.throughput protein analysis while reducing operator.dependent variability. 5. By submitting a quote in response to this solicitation, vendor is accepting the following terms and conditions: The following FAR provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (OCT 2025) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (NOV 2024) (Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications on-line at http://www.sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications- Commercial Items (Please ensure FAR 52.209-2 -- Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations--Representation. (NOV 2015) is updated in your SAM record) FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements . Representation (JAN 2017) 52.204.26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation (OCT 2020) FAR 52.211-6 Brand Name or Equal (AUG 1999) The following FAR contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52-212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (NOV 2023) FAR 52-212.5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Commercial Items FAR 52.217-6 Option for Increased Quantity (MAR 1989) FAR 52.225-1 Buy American . Supplies FAR 52.232-33 . Payment by EFT (SAM). Required for all contract using SAM. FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) FAR 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (NOV 2021) HHSAR 352.222-70, Contractor Cooperation in Equal Employment Opportunity Investigations (DEC 2015) FAR 52.252-2 -- Clauses Incorporated by Reference. (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address: http://farsite.hill.af.mil/vffara.htm 6. This is not a rated order under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). The resultant purchase order will provide that HHS reserves the right to exercise priorities and allocations authority with respect to this contract, to include rating this order in accordance with 45 CFR Part 101, Subpart A.Health Resources Priorities and Allocations System. 7. Questions and requests for clarification should be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist, Elaine Estrella at elaine.estrella@nih.gov or Brian Lind at brian.lind@nih.gov. on or before April 27, 2026 at 4:00 P.M. Eastern Standard Time (EST). Electronic submittals must include the combined synopsis/solicitation PCA-NIMH-02243 and the Title in the Subject Line. 8. In addition, the Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number, the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size must be included in the response. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. The Offeror must submit with their quote the following information: - Technical quote in accordance with this combined synopsis/solicitation in a searchable PDF format; - Price quote in a PDF format. - The Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number; and - Verification of System for Award Management (SAM) Registration www.sam.gov. Technical quotes shall be submitted in accordance with the Purchase Requirements identified in Section 1 of this combined synopsis/solicitation. The Offeror should submit a separate business quotes in searchable PDF format. In its business quote, the Offeror shall add the total price for the basic requirements. Any quote, modification, or revision that is received at the designated Government office after the exact date and time specified for receipt of quotations is ?glate?h and may not be considered. Quotes received ?glate?h may not be evaluated or considered for award and may be returned to the Offeror. If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that quotes cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of quotes by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation closing date, the time specified for receipt of quotes will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions if the Contracting Officer determines that the initial prices are fair and reasonable and that discussions are not necessary. 9. Response to the combined synopsis/solicitation is due no later than April 30, 2026 at 4:00 P.M. EST. Offers submitted after the deadline may not be considered. The response should be submitted in a searchable electronic format to the Contract Specialist, Elaine Estrella at elaine.estrella@nih.gov or Brian Lind at brian.lind@nih.gov. Electronic submittals must include the combined synopsis/solicitation PCA-NIMH-02243 and the Title in the Subject Line

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ba9b7c2bf0734916b5a1b03567563c0c/view)