---
layout: default
title: Multiple Award Construction Contract (MACC) at Aviano AB and other Geographically Separated Units (GSU) in Italy
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: dd10a274e8e049768897b75de9316af8
---

# Multiple Award Construction Contract (MACC) at Aviano AB and other Geographically Separated Units (GSU) in Italy

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 10:00:24.115-04
- Solicitation Number: FA568226R0001

## Summary

*****AMENDMENT 0004 The purpose of this amendment is to: A. The due date for questions dedicated to the Seed Project is 09 Apr 2026, 4:00 p.m. local time. B. Remove Attachment 12, Seed Project ASHE 21-1036 Technical Specifications, Attachment 14 Seed Project ASHE 21-1036 Drawings; Attachment 15 Seed Project ASHE 21-1036 Construction Cost Estimate Breakdown (CCEB) and Replace them with Revision 1 dated 27 Mar 2026. C. Remove Attachment 16, Section L Addendum - Proposal Preparation Instructions Revision 1 and Replace it with Revision 2 dated 31 Mar 2026. D. Remove Attachment 17, Section M Addendum - Evaluation Factors and Basis for Award Revision 1 and Replace it with Revision 2 dated 31 Mar 2026. E. Add Attachment 20, Questions and Answers on the Seed Project, dated 01 Apr 2026. *****AMENDMENT 0003 The purpose of this amendment is to: A. The due date for questions dedicated to the Request for Proposal is 27 Mar 2026, 4:00 p.m. B. The due date for questions dedicated to the Seed Project will be determined and announced in the future, following the release of the revised Seed Project Technical Specifications. C. Remove Attachment 6, Past Performance Information (PPI), Attachment 7 Past Performance Questionnaire (PPQ); Attachment 8 Capability Overview Sheet; Attachment 9 Client Authorization Letter; Attachment 10 Questions; Attachment 11 Antimafia Self Declaration Form and Replace them with Revision 1 dated 13 Mar 2026. D. Remove Attachment 16, Section L Addendum - Proposal Preparation Instructions and Replace it with Revision 1 dated 13 Mar 2026. E. Remove Attachment 17, Section M Addendum - Evaluation Factors and Basis for Award and Replace it with Revision 1 dated 13 Mar 2026. F. Add Attachment 19, Questions and Answers on the Request for Proposal, dated 16 Mar 2026. *****AMENDMENT 0002 The purpose of this amendment is to: 1. Extend Proposals Due Date to 20 April 2026 at 04:00 pm. 2. Include to Section J, Attachment 18, Site Visit and Pre-Proposal Conference Minutes and Attendance Sheet. Notice to Offerors: Due to the valid questions we received towards the Seed Project, our AE firm is currently working on revising the Technical Specifications, Drawings and CCEB. We expect to receive the revised package by 31 March 2026 and we will post an amendment accordingly. A *****AMENDMENT 0001 substantially changes the solicitation. The purpose of this amendment is to substantially change the solicitation to conform to new guidance as a result of the Revolutionary FAR (Federal Acquisition Regulation) Overhaul. As a result, the entire solicitation with all attachments needs to be read and understood in its entirety. A conformed copy of this solicitation amendment with changed highlighted in yellow is included and shall be the base document moving forward. THIS IS A SOLICITATION NOTICE. This Solicitation Notice is for an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Multiple Award Construction Contract (MACC) for Construction Services in Italy. The proposed contract will be a competitive firm-fixed-price contract procured in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation FAR part 15 Contracting by Negotiation. It is contemplated that the Government will evaluate interested offerors using the Price-Past Performance trade-off process. The scope of work for the resultant contract will primarily be associated with new construction, design-build or design-bid build, for renovation, repair, alteration, maintenance, and construction projects on various real property facilities across multiple trades to be conducted primarily at Aviano Air Base and supported Geographically Separated Units (GSUs) in Italy to supplement the Base Civil Engineers capability to execute projects on an as needed basis. Project description is detailed in the Contract Technical Specifications. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: Five (5) year base ordering period with an option for additional five (5) years. MACC MININUM/MAXIMUM: The minimum guaranteed amount for the life of each awarded contract is $2,500 (EURO equivalent) that is payable following attendance at a mandatory MACC Orientation Training. The total aggregate maximum contract value for all awarded contracts combined is estimated at $205,300,000.00. MINIMUM TASK ORDER: $2,500.00 MAXIMUM TASK ORDER: $9,000.000.00. The solicitation is issued via PIEE Solicitation Module. No paper copies of the solicitation, specifications, or plans is issued from this office. Prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (www.sam.gov) in order to be eligible for award. Offerors are encouraged to submit all additional written questions and requests for clarifications, using the Questions form (Section J, Attachment 10) and send them to the Points of Contact (POCs) via e-mail in accordance with the terms of this Solicitation. Responses of the Government to potential vendor comments and questions to attachments to this notice will be published on the Government Point of Entry: www.sam.gov. Offerors are responsible for monitoring this website for changes to this notice and the formal solicitation amendments. Potential offerors are encouraged to subscribe for e-mail notifications to be updated when information has been posted to the website for this solicitation. A single pre-proposal conference/site visit will be conducted at Aviano Air Base, Italy, on 20 February 2026 at

09.00 AM at the parking area of LVIS gate (contractor gate) area F flightline, Aviano Air Base. address: via localita Tornielli 18, Roveredo in Piano, Pordenone, Italy. Attendance to the pre-proposal/site visit conference is not mandatory but highly encouraged. All prospective offerors will be required to submit the names of all attendees (not to exceed two (2) per company) to the Points of Contact (POCs) ten (10) calendar days prior to the pre-proposal conference/site-visit scheduled date. Proposals must be submitted via the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) Solicitation Module Link, no later than the date and time specified in Block 13 on the front page of the Request For Proposal (RFP), Standard Form 1442 (SF1442).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: MICHELE GANT
  - Email: michele.gant.it@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 00390434305621
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: JESSICA CUCCAGNA
  - Email: jessica.cuccagna.it@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 00390434307138

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Seed Project ASHE 21-1036 Technical Specifications, Attachment 14 Seed Project ASHE 21-1036 Drawings; Attachment 15 Seed Project ASHE 21-1036 Construction Cost Estimate Breakdown (CCEB) and Replace them with Revision 1 dated 27 Mar 2026. C. Remove Attachment 16, Section L Addendum - Proposal Preparation Instructions Revision 1 and Replace it with Revision 2 dated 31 Mar 2026. D. Remove Attachment 17, Section M Addendum - Evaluation Factors and Basis for Award Revision 1 and Replace it with Revision 2 dated 31 Mar 2026. E. Add Attachment 20, Questions and Answers on the Seed Project, dated 01 Apr 2026. *****AMENDMENT 0003 The purpose of this amendment is to: A. The due date for questions dedicated to the Request for Proposal is 27 Mar 2026, 4:00 p.m. B. The due date for questions dedicated to the Seed Project will be determined and announced in the future, following the release of the revised Seed Project Technical Specifications. C. Remove Attachment 6, Past Performance Information (PPI), Attachment 7 Past Performance Questionnaire (PPQ); Attachment 8 Capability Overview Sheet; Attachment 9 Client Authorization Letter; Attachment 10 Questions; Attachment 11 Antimafia Self Declaration Form and Replace them with Revision 1 dated 13 Mar 2026. D. Remove Attachment 16, Section L Addendum - Proposal Preparation Instructions and Replace it with Revision 1 dated 13 Mar 2026. E. Remove Attachment 17, Section M Addendum - Evaluation Factors and Basis for Award and Replace it with Revision 1 dated 13 Mar 2026. F. Add Attachment 19, Questions and Answers on the Request for Proposal, dated 16 Mar 2026. *****AMENDMENT 0002 The purpose of this amendment is to: 1. Extend Proposals Due Date to 20 April 2026 at 04:00 pm. 2. Include to Section J, Attachment 18, Site Visit and Pre-Proposal Conference Minutes and Attendance Sheet. Notice to Offerors: Due to the valid questions we received towards the Seed Project, our AE firm is currently working on revising the Technical Specifications, Drawings and CCEB. We expect to receive the revised package by 31 March 2026 and we will post an amendment accordingly. A *****AMENDMENT 0001 substantially changes the solicitation. The purpose of this amendment is to substantially change the solicitation to conform to new guidance as a result of the Revolutionary FAR (Federal Acquisition Regulation) Overhaul. As a result, the entire solicitation with all attachments needs to be read and understood in its entirety. A conformed copy of this solicitation amendment with changed highlighted in yellow is included and shall be the base document moving forward. THIS IS A SOLICITATION NOTICE. This Solicitation Notice is for an Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Multiple Award Construction Contract (MACC) for Construction Services in Italy. The proposed contract will be a competitive firm-fixed-price contract procured in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation FAR part 15 Contracting by Negotiation. It is contemplated that the Government will evaluate interested offerors using the Price-Past Performance trade-off process. The scope of work for the resultant contract will primarily be associated with new construction, design-build or design-bid build, for renovation, repair, alteration, maintenance, and construction projects on various real property facilities across multiple trades to be conducted primarily at Aviano Air Base and supported Geographically Separated Units (GSUs) in Italy to supplement the Base Civil Engineers capability to execute projects on an as needed basis. Project description is detailed in the Contract Technical Specifications. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: Five (5) year base ordering period with an option for additional five (5) years. MACC MININUM/MAXIMUM: The minimum guaranteed amount for the life of each awarded contract is $2,500 (EURO equivalent) that is payable following attendance at a mandatory MACC Orientation Training. The total aggregate maximum contract value for all awarded contracts combined is estimated at $205,300,000.00. MINIMUM TASK ORDER: $2,500.00 MAXIMUM TASK ORDER: $9,000.000.00. The solicitation is issued via PIEE Solicitation Module. No paper copies of the solicitation, specifications, or plans is issued from this office. Prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (www.sam.gov) in order to be eligible for award. Offerors are encouraged to submit all additional written questions and requests for clarifications, using the Questions form (Section J, Attachment 10) and send them to the Points of Contact (POCs) via e-mail in accordance with the terms of this Solicitation. Responses of the Government to potential vendor comments and questions to attachments to this notice will be published on the Government Point of Entry: www.sam.gov. Offerors are responsible for monitoring this website for changes to this notice and the formal solicitation amendments. Potential offerors are encouraged to subscribe for e-mail notifications to be updated when information has been posted to the website for this solicitation. A single pre-proposal conference/site visit will be conducted at Aviano Air Base, Italy, on 20 February 2026 at

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dd10a274e8e049768897b75de9316af8/view)