---
layout: default
title: 7320-- Blast Chiller/Shock Freezer_100% SDVOSB SET-ASIDE_ BRAND NAME OR EQUAL
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: e907193e91c740c3b982b005e0c39ea7
---

# 7320-- Blast Chiller/Shock Freezer_100% SDVOSB SET-ASIDE_ BRAND NAME OR EQUAL

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 09:14:11.494-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0356
- Awardee: null

## Summary

BLAST CHILLER/SHOCK FREEZER_100% SDVOSB SET-ASIDE_BRAND NAME OR EQUAL Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06 effective 10-01-2025. The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office (NCO) 1, located at VA Boston Healthcare System (VACHS) is seeking to award a single Firm-Fixed Price Requirements Type Contract for a Worktop, Self-Contained Blast Chiller/Shock Freezer to the Nutrition and Food Service at the VAMC West Roxbury, MA campus. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. This combined synopsis-solicitation is 100% set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 333415, with a small business size standard of 1250 employees. The FSC/PSC is 7320. The VA Boston Healthcare System (West Roxbury) requires a worktop, self-contained Blast Chiller/Shock Freezer to quickly and safely chill cooked foods that require storage and holding. The service is requesting the American Panel brand- Model# AP7BCF70-2-C-P Blast chiller/Shock freezer or equivalent and additional accessories. Note: For Or Equivalent Requirements: Any proposed Or Equivalent requirements must adhere to the enclosed specifications sheet including electrical, space, performance, and capacity qualifications to meet the functional requirements required by the Nutrition and Food Service for the safe storage of food products that will be distributed throughout the medical center campus. Proposed units not meeting all requirements will not be considered. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Description Manufacturer Model Number Quantity Work top, self-contained, blast chiller/shock freezer American Panel AP7BCF70-2-C-P 1 R448a Refrigeration Replacing Standard American Panel Refrigeration 1 Thaw capability w/ thaw probe & necessary hardware American Panel Thaw Probe 1 Sanitation ozone generator American Panel Ozone Generator 1 Food Probes American Panel Food Probes 2 USB Interface American Panel USB 1 5 Casters (set of 4) American Panel Casters 1 Dock to dock American Panel Freight 1 Statement of Objectives (SOO) SCOPE OF REQUIREMENT The Department of Veteran Affairs, VISN 01, VA Boston Healthcare System due to numerous factors has a requirement for: Work top, self-contained Blast Chiller/Shock Freezer. The objective of this task order is to provide equipment needed to quickly chill cooked foods, in a safe manner, for storage/holding. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE VA Boston Healthcare System 1400 VFW Parkway West Roxbury, MA 02301

1.2 HOURS OF OPERATIONS Delivery schedule shall occur from 7:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m., Monday through Friday, excluding Federal Holidays. DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT Description Manufacturer Model Number Quantity Work top, self-contained, blast chiller/shock freezer American Panel AP7BCF70-2-C-P 1 R448a Refrigeration Replacing Standard American Panel Refrigeration 1 Thaw capability w/ thaw probe & necessary hardware American Panel Thaw Probe 1 Sanitation ozone generator American Panel Ozone Generator 1 Food Probes American Panel Food Probes 2 USB Interface American Panel USB 1 5 Casters (set of 4) American Panel Casters 1 Dock to dock American Panel Freight 1 ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS Capacity for seven (7) 18 x 26 pans 160Â°F to 38Â°F blast chill capacity within 90 minutes 160Â°F to 0Â°F freeze capacity within 240 minutes LCD touch screen controller with Quick Start & a la carte functionality Heated food probe Stainless steel interior & exterior 6 stainless steel legs 1-1/2 HP R290 refrigerant US Classified EPH, Cul, ANSI/NSF 208v/60/1-ph, 12.0 amps, 6 cord, NEMA L6-20P 3-year parts & labor warranty 5-year compressor warranty End Statement of Objectives (SOO) The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: 1. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items (DEVIATION OCT 2025) Award shall be made to the SDVOSB Class distributor/quoter, who holds whose quotation, is determined to be the lowest price. The respondent must be verifiable as a SDVOSB in SAM and on the SBA (Small Business Administration) SBS website. 2. FAR 52.212-2 (DEVIATION OCT 2025) The government will evaluate information based on the following evaluation criteria: (1) Full capability to supply all Line-Item requirements listed above, at the lowest price. The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (OCT 2025) The following subparagraphs of FAR 52.212-5 (JAN 2025) are applicable: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-19, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-50, 52.223-1 (MAY 2024) (DEV FEB 2025); 52.223-10 (MAY 2024) (DEV FEB 2025), 52.223-23 (MAY 2024) (DEV FEB 2025), 52.223-18, 52.225-13, 52.232-33. VAAR 852.212-71 GRAY MARKET AND COUNTERFEIT ITEMS (FEB 2023) (a) No used, refurbished, or remanufactured supplies or equipment/parts shall be provided. This procurement is for new Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) items only. No gray market items shall be provided. Gray market items are OEM goods intentionally or unintentionally sold outside an authorized sales territory or sold by non-authorized dealers in an authorized sales territory. (b) No counterfeit supplies or equipment/ parts shall be provided. Counterfeit items include unlawful or unauthorized reproductions, substitutions, or alterations that have been mismarked, misidentified, or otherwise misrepresented to be an authentic, unmodified item from the original manufacturer, or a source with the express written authority of the original manufacturer or current design activity, including an authorized aftermarket manufacturer. Unlawful or unauthorized substitutions include used items represented as new, or the false identification of grade, serial number, lot number, date code, or performance characteristics. (c) Vendor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor, or authorized reseller for the proposed equipment/system, verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM. All software licensing, warranty and service associated with the equipment/system shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. (End of Clause) VAAR 852.212-72 GRAY MARKET AND COUNTERFEIT ITEMS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MAINTENANCE ALLOWING OTHER-THAN-NEW PARTS (FEB 2023) (a) No used, refurbished, or remanufactured supplies or equipment/parts shall be provided. This procurement is for new Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) items only. No gray market items shall be provided. Gray market items are OEM goods intentionally or unintentionally sold outside an authorized sales territory or sold by non-authorized dealers in an authorized sales territory. (b) No counterfeit supplies or equipment/ parts shall be provided. Counterfeit items include unlawful or unauthorized reproductions, substitutions, or alterations that have been mismarked, misidentified, or otherwise misrepresented to be an authentic, unmodified item from the original manufacturer, or a source with the express written authority of the original manufacturer or current design activity, including an authorized aftermarket manufacturer. Unlawful or unauthorized substitutions include used items represented as new, or the false identification of grade, serial number, lot number, date code, or performance characteristics. (c) Vendor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor, or authorized reseller for the proposed equipment/system, verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM. All software licensing, warranty, and service associated with the equipment/system shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. (End of Clause) ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (AUG 2025): Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The version of FAR 52.212-1 in the addendum is tailored for Simplified Acquisition Procedures and supersedes the current version of FAR 52.212-1 contained in the FAR. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION OCT 2025) (a)Â North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard.Â The NAICS code(s) and small business size standard(s) for thisÂ acquisitionÂ appear elsewhere in theÂ Request for Quote (RFQ). However, the small business size standard for a concern that submits aÂ quote, other than on aÂ constructionÂ or serviceÂ acquisition, but proposes to furnish an end item that it did not itself manufacture, process, or produce is 500 employees if theÂ acquisition (1) Is set aside for small business and has a value above theÂ simplified acquisition threshold; Or (2) Uses theÂ HUBZoneÂ price evaluation preference regardless of dollar value, unless theÂ quoterÂ waives the price evaluation preference; or (3) Is an 8(a),Â HUBZone, service-disabled veteran-owned, economically disadvantaged women-owned, or women-owned small business set-aside or sole-source award regardless of dollar value. (b)Â Submission ofÂ Quotes. Submit signed and datedÂ quotesÂ to the office specified in thisÂ Request for Quote (RFQ) at or before the exact time specified.Â QuotesÂ mayÂ be submitted on letterhead stationery, or as otherwise specified in theÂ RFQ. As a minimum,Â quotesÂ mustÂ show (1)Â TheÂ solicitation number; (2)Â The time specified in theÂ solicitationÂ for receipt ofÂ quotations; (3) The name, address, and telephone number of theÂ quoter; (4) A technical description of the items being quoted in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements in theÂ solicitation. ThisÂ mayÂ include product literature, or other documents, if necessary. Â (5)Â Terms of any expressÂ warranty; Â (6)Â Price and any discount terms; Â (7)Â "Remit to" address, if different the mailing address; (8)Â A completed copy of the representations and certifications FederalÂ AcquisitionÂ Regulation (FAR)Â 52.212-3Â (see FARÂ 52.212-3(b) for those representations and certifications that theÂ quoterÂ shallÂ complete electronically). (b)Â Submission ofÂ Quotes (cont d): Â Â Â Â Â (9)Â Acknowledgment Request for Quotation amendments; (10)Â Past performanceÂ will not be considered in simplified acquisition procurements. (11)Â Quote should include a statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in theÂ solicitation.Â QuotesÂ that fail to furnish required representations and certifications, information requested in (1) to (9) and accept the terms and conditions of theÂ solicitationÂ mayÂ be excluded from consideration. (c)Â Period for acceptance ofÂ Quotes. TheÂ quoterÂ agrees to hold the prices in itsÂ quoteÂ firm for 30 calendar days from the date specified for receipt ofÂ quotes unless another time period is specified in an addendum to theÂ solicitation. (d)Â Product samples. NA (e)Â MultipleÂ Quotes.Â QuotersÂ are requested to submit one (1) quoteÂ presenting the best discounted price for the required Blast Chiller/Shock Freezer and accessories. (f)Â Late submissions, revisions, and withdrawals ofÂ quotes. (1)Â QuotersÂ are responsible for submittingÂ quotes so as to reach the Government office designated in theÂ solicitationÂ by the time specified in theÂ solicitation. If no time is specified in theÂ solicitation, the time for receipt is 12:00 PM, local time, for the designated Government office on the date thatÂ quotesÂ are due. (Time specified is 04-10-2026 at 12:00 p.m. (EDT)) (2)Â AnyÂ quotation received at the Government office designated in theÂ solicitationÂ after the exact time specified for receipt ofÂ quotesÂ is "late" and may not be considered unless it is received before purchase order issuance and theÂ Contracting OfficerÂ (CO) determines that accepting the lateÂ quotationÂ would not unduly delay theÂ acquisition. (3)Â If anÂ emergencyÂ or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so thatÂ quotations cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt ofÂ quotesÂ by the exact time specified in theÂ solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude a notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt ofÂ quotes will be deemed to be extended to the same time ofÂ dayÂ specified in theÂ solicitationÂ on the first workÂ dayÂ on which normal Government processes resume. (g)Â Issuance of Purchase Order. The Government may issue a purchase order to one or more quoters as identified in the Request for Quote (RFQ). Therefore, theÂ quoter s initialÂ quoteÂ shouldÂ contain theÂ best terms and the discounted price. All service packages from OEM are set per OEM Part Number. The GovernmentÂ mayÂ reject any or allÂ quotesÂ if such action is in the public s best interest. (h)Â Multiple awards. The GovernmentÂ mayÂ issue a purchase order for any item or group of items of a quotation, unless theÂ quoterÂ qualifies theÂ quotation by specific limitations. Unless otherwise provided in the schedule,Â quotationsÂ mayÂ not be submitted for quantities less than those specified. The Government reserves the right to issue a purchase order for a quantity less than the quantity quoted, at the unit prices quoted, unless theÂ quoterÂ specifies otherwise in theÂ quotation. (1)Â Availability of requirements documents cited in theÂ solicitation. (i)Â The GSA Index of Federal Specifications, Standards and Commercial Item Descriptions, FPMR Part 101-29, and copies of specifications, standards, and commercial item descriptions cited in thisÂ solicitationÂ mayÂ be obtained for a fee by submitting a request to- GSA Federal Supply Service Specifications Section Suite 8100 470 East L Enfant Plaza, SW Washington, DC 20407 Telephone (202) 619-8925, Facsimile (202) 619-8978. (ii)Â If the General Services Administration, Department of Agriculture, or Department of Veterans Affairs issued thisÂ solicitation, a single copy of specifications, standards, and commercial item descriptions cited in thisÂ solicitationÂ mayÂ be obtained free of charge by submitting a request to the addressee in paragraph (i)(1)(i) of this provision. Additional copies will be issued for a fee. (2)Â NA: Applies to DoD. (3) NA: Applies to DoD. (4)Â Nongovernment (voluntary) standardsÂ mustÂ be obtained from the organization responsible for their preparation, publication, or maintenance. (j)Â Unique entity identifier (UEI). Applies to all quotesÂ that exceed theÂ micro-purchase threshold, andÂ quotesÂ at or below theÂ micro-purchase thresholdÂ if theÂ solicitationÂ requires the contractor to beÂ registered in the System for Award Management (SAM).) TheÂ quoterÂ mustÂ enter, in the block with its name and address on the cover page of itsÂ quote, the annotation "Unique Entity Identifier" followed by theÂ unique entity identifierÂ that identifies theÂ quoter's name and address. TheÂ quoterÂ alsoÂ must enter itsÂ Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator, if applicable. The EFT indicator is a four-character suffix to theÂ UEI. The suffix is assigned at the discretion of theÂ quoterÂ to establish additional SAM records for identifying alternative EFT accounts (see FARÂ subpartÂ 32.11) for the same entity. If theÂ quoterÂ does not have a UEI, itÂ shouldÂ contact the entity designated atÂ www.sam.govÂ forÂ UEIÂ establishment directly to obtain one. TheÂ quoterÂ shouldÂ indicate that it is aÂ quoterÂ for a Government contract when contacting the entity designated atÂ www.sam.govÂ for establishing theÂ UEI. (k)Â [Reserved] (l)Â Requests for information. The CO will not notify unsuccessful quoters that responded to this Request for Quotation (RFQ). However, quoters may request information on purchase order(s) resulting from this solicitation with the CO. (End of Provision) To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than April 10, 2026 @ 12:00 p.m. EST at janice.jones@va.gov . Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Government Point of Contact: Contract Specialist Janice Jones janice.jones@va.gov U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Connecticut VAMC 555 Willard Avenue Newington, CT 06111

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Janice Jones
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: janice.jones@va.gov
  - Phone: 860-666-6951   ext. 6613

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e907193e91c740c3b982b005e0c39ea7/view)