---
layout: default
title: C1DZ--544-23-140 Correct & Repair Exterior Envelope for Bldg. T25 - Design (VA-26-00013684) Request for SF-330's
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 30f952c0bfb04c2c85b9a1b1ee59719a
---

# C1DZ--544-23-140 Correct & Repair Exterior Envelope for Bldg. T25 - Design (VA-26-00013684) Request for SF-330's

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-08 09:38:17.074-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24726R0088
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 2 of 8 PROJECT SYNOPSIS Project Description, Intent, End Result This project involves two structures; Building T25 and a covered storage area located directly south of Building T25. Building T25 is approximately 1,050 gross square feet and provides administrative space and mechanics space where maintenance carts are maintained and repaired. The covered structure is approximately the same size and houses various maintenance and repair materials on a racked system. Building T25 is located in the historic district area on station. It is a non-contributing facility, but coordination with the State Historic Preservation Office (SHPO) is required due to effects to the district. This includes section 106 development with submittals and meetings to review documents. This project will restore the exterior envelope on the Mechanics Building T-25 to prevent moisture intrusion into the building. Place of Performance Columbia VA Medical Center 6439 Garners Ferry Rd. Columbia, SC 29209 Construction Magnitude Rage Between $250,000 and $500,000. SERVICES REQUIRED: Administrative tasks, meetings, correspondence Site investigation and assessment Design and Engineering for: Narrative Development Schematic Design Construction Documents Engineered Drawings and Specifications Cost Estimating Hazardous Material Survey and Mitigation Plans Historic Preservation Office/Section 106 SELECTION CRITERIA SF330s shall be organized in the following order: Cover Sheet (one-page limit) Design team background with locations of supporting offices (one-page limit) Design team organizational structure with key discipline roles (one-page limit) Criteria 1 Specialized Experience (one page per project limit) Criteria 2 - Professional Qualifications (one page per resume limit) Criteria 3 Past Performance Summary Sheet (one-page limit) SF330s received out of sequence may be viewed negatively but will not eliminate from the review. SF330 Specific Requirements: All SF330 pages shall be in PDF searchable for items 1 through 11 and item 13. Full CPARS and PPQs may be scanned. Start each Criteria response on a new page. Use no less than 11-point font. All text and images containing text is legible when printed on 8.5 x 11 paper. The evaluation board will not seek clarification regarding illegible text. Primary Selection Criteria (listed in descending order of importance): Specialized Experience Professional Qualifications Past Performance Criteria 1 Specialized Experience (Sections F, G and H): Specialized experience and technical competence in the design and construction period services will be required to perform throughout the life of the contract. Projects experience pertains to the types, size, recency, cost, and complexity of work previously or currently being performed by the Offeror that is comparable to the work covered by this solicitation. Page Limit One page per project. Five-page total for Criteria 1. Information provided on additional pages beyond the one page per project limit or beyond the five-page total limit will not be included with the review. Relevant Project Experience: Submit five (5) projects that meet all criteria shown below. Relevant Project Type Design-Bid-Build projects involving site investigation, schematic design, design development, construction documents, Masterplan and RFP development for design-build contracts will not be viewed as relevant. Relevant Project Size Historic facilities larger than 500 building gross square feet. Relevant Project Recency Project construction must be complete or substantially complete within the past five years of the solicitation due date. Substantially complete is defined as 80% or greater of the construction project is complete at the time of the solicitation due date. Relevant Project Cost - Construction project cost must be greater than $150K. Relevant Project Complexity The project narrative description must indicate experience with all the following criteria: Structural knowledge of roofing and seismic codes and requirements. New Lightning Protection Systems Site Investigation Drafting floor plans, roof plans, reflected ceiling plans, elevations, cuts, and details Hazardous material surveys with mitigation plans South Carolina Historic Preservation Office (SHPO) Coordination and Integration with section 106 submittal actions The relevant project criteria listed above is the minimal information required for acceptable project relevance. Additional value will be considered for projects which convey expertise with the following categories and will potentially increase the overall rating for this Criteria. Projects that do not convey additional value expertise will not be considered a weakness. Additional value expertise includes: Experience with the submitting firm serving as the prime contractor leading a multi-discipline team through investigative and design. These services must be documented for each project narrative. VA Projects showing documented experience with Implementing VA design guides and standards from the technical information library. Experience with recent projects located in the Columbia, SC, South Carolina midlands area, or adjacent counties. Experience with recent projects that include coordination with Federal and State Historic Preservation Offices. Experience with recent projects that include coordination with local municipality and utility providers for permitting, coordination, and approvals. Experience with recent projects that include implementing VA CAD and BIM standards. Submissions shall include no more and no less than three (3) type projects of recent and relevant Government and private experience projects similar in type, size, recency, and complexity, cost, and experience with the type of projects/competence above. Section G will used to evaluate the prior experience of the prime firm and any key subcontractors working together as a cohesive unit on the relevant projects provided. An acceptable rating will be given if all key disciplines are shown, and each discipline participated with at least one project listed on section G. Proposed design team members that do not have experience with any of the five submitted example projects as shown in section G will be viewed negatively. Criteria 2 Professional Qualifications (Sections C through E) necessary for satisfactory performance of the service required. The AE shall demonstrate they are able to sign and stamp each drawing by individuals licensed in any state in the United States for the key positions listed below. The design firm and A-E staff representing the project must be licensed to practice in any state of the United States of America. Provide Professional License numbers and/or proof of Licensure. The evaluation shall consider the specific experience (minimum of five years) and qualifications (i.e., education, training, registration, certifications, overall relevant experience, and longevity with the firm as full-time employees) of personnel proposed for assignment to the project, and their record of working together as a team when evaluating professional qualifications. The lead designer in each discipline must be registered to sign drawings in each discipline must but does not have to be registered in the state where the project is located. The licensed professional must hold current licensure for said discipline to practice in any state of the United States of America. Engineer-in -training (EIT) is not considered professional licensure. Page Limit One page limit per position resume. [7] pages total for Criteria 2. Information provided on additional pages beyond the [5] page limit will not be included with the review. Resume Requirements - A resume for each of these key positions MUST be provided identifying their specific role, via Section E in the SF330. Key positions and disciplines required for this project include, but are not limited to, the lists of professionals with required licensure and preferred licensure below. An unacceptable rating may be given if resumes are not provided for all the roles listed. Positions requiring professional licensure. Not providing the professional licensure will be viewed negatively and will not be compliant with the solicitation. Architect Electrical Engineer Structural Engineer Key positions with preferred qualifications. Design team professionals that have obtained the indicated preferred qualifications may be viewed more favorably. Not providing the preferred qualifications will not be viewed negatively and will not reduce the overall rating for this Criteria; however, a resume is required for each role listed below. Higher value will be given for professionals with the preferred qualification. Quality Control Manager - Either CQM, CQE, Lean Six Sigma Black Belt, or experience with minimum five projects were served as QC Manager. Project Manager - Project Management Professional (PMP) certification Construction Cost Estimator - ASPE Certified Professional Estimator (CPE) Certification Historic Preservation Coordinator As defined by Department of Interior National Park Service qualification standards per Code of Federal Regulations 36 CFR Part 61. Multi-function roles are allowable for the following positions and may be shown as multi-role positions on the resumes: Project Manager and Quality Control Manager Architect and historic preservation coordinator Include the home office location for each key discipline identified on each respective resume in Section E block 15. The criteria listed above is the minimal information required for acceptable professional qualifications. Additional value will be considered for each key position and will potentially increase the overall rating for this Criteria and shall not exceed the prescribed page limit. Key personnel having greater than 10 years experience in the practicing field. Key personnel with greater than five years employment with the proposed design team firm. VA design experience within the past five years. Any other information the design team wishes to include for this Criteria so long as the page limit is not exceeded. Criteria 3 Past performance (section H): Past performance will be evaluated on contracts with Government agencies and private industry in terms of cost control, quality of work, and compliance with performance schedules along with the firm s history of design error, omission, and/or deficiency claims. Past performance will be evaluated for all projects provided in Section F. The Contractor Performance Assessment Rating System (CPARS) database will be reviewed to evaluate the projects that have a VA CPARS entry. VA CPARS are not required to be submitted with the SF330 submission. However, if the VA CPARS is not included with the SF330 submission, then the contract number for the project must be submitted for each project provided in Section F so CPARS can be reviewed in the database. For any project that does NOT have VA CPARS data available, a Past Performance Questionnaire (PPQ) is required to be submitted with the SF330. If the firm (Prime or Subcontractor) was not the Prime Contractor on any project submitted in the SF330, a PPQ must be provided listing their specific role as a subcontractor. The PPQ should be rated and signed by the evaluator. In the event that a firm does not receive a requested complete PPQ from an evaluator prior to the time for submission, the firm shall submit the partially completed PPQ with Section 1 and the Evaluator Information in Section 2 completed. Ensure a POC is listed with the project title/contract number. The VA will make reasonable attempts to contact the POC upon submission for PPQ completion. The Government may also consider additional performance related information regarding the firm, to include customer inquiries, Government databases, publicly available sources, and additional projects in CPARS. The Government reserves the right to contact any POC listed on a CPARS report or PPQ. If appropriate, the record of significant claims against the firm because of improper or incomplete architectural and engineering services may be evaluated. Failure to provide requested data, accessible points of contact, or valid phone numbers will result in a firm being considered less qualified. The information for this Criteria shall be provided in Section H of the SF 330. For PPQs, please utilize the attached PPQ document. Completed PPQs should be incorporated into the SF 330 directly. PPQs should not be submitted to the VHA PCAC directly. Any CPARS and PPQs will not be counted towards the page limitations for this submission. However, any narratives provided for past performance in Section H will be counted toward the page limit. [GET THE PPQ FORM FROM THE CONTRACTING OFFICER] Page Limit Provide no more than one page total for this Criteria for the summary page. Full CPARS/PPQ documentation shall be included on additional pages with the SF330 and will not count towards the total page count. Provide a summary page that provides the Criteria s required information. For each of the five projects, provide the following information. Project Information (each project for Specialized Experience) Past Performance Record Type (PPQ or CPARS) Contract Number Point of Contact (Name, Phone, Email, Job Title, POC Role) AE Firm Role with Project (Prime or Subcontractor) Category Ratings Provide complete CPARS (or PPQs if CPARS is not available) for all sample projects after the SF330 Criteria 8 section. The criteria listed above is the minimal information required for acceptable Criteria compliance. Additional value will be considered for each additional item below and may potentially increase the overall rating for this Criteria. Locate this documentation after the complete CPARS/PPQ documents. Additional value documentation shall not exceed five pages. Letters of appreciation or accolades from previous projects Industry recognition or design awards Any other information the design team wishes to include for this Criteria so long as the five-page limit is not exceeded. Providing a narrative conveying the design team s approach on how new work will merge with the current workload. Provide a narrative describing the process regarding the replacement of key disciplines should one decide to leave the design team. Convey how the design team can maintain the schedule if a key discipline member is no longer available? Any other information the design team wishes to include for this Criteria so long as the page limit is not exceeded.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kenyon E. Dulaney
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Kenyon.Dulaney@va.gov
  - Phone: 614-969-8804

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/30f952c0bfb04c2c85b9a1b1ee59719a/view)