---
layout: default
title: RFI OFFICE FURNITURE GROUP SPACE PLAN AND DESIGN
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 0d1255d7519c49c9a4571e7efb935752
---

# RFI OFFICE FURNITURE GROUP SPACE PLAN AND DESIGN

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-22 15:18:54.915-04
- Solicitation Number: 1612-26

## Summary

Request for Information (Sources Sought) FPI-RFI-Space Plan and Design # RFI0015-26 Issue Date: April 22, 2026 Submittal Due Date: May 1st @ 10am EST Issuing Company: UNICOR, Federal Prison Industries, Inc. Office Furniture Group 400 First Street, NW Washington, DC 20534 POC: Brent Ponder, Contract Specialist Email: Brent.Ponder@usdoj.gov SUBJECT: THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION FOR SPACE PLAN AND DESIGN. All information in this request is considered confidential and shall not be used by the Respondent for any reason other than responding to this request. This is a Request for Information (RFI) and your response is NOT an offer. The results of this Request for Information (RFI) will be used to develop an Acquisitions Strategy, AND WILL NOT RESULT IN A CONTRACT OF ANY TYPE. This request does not obligate UNICOR OFG to pay any cost that any Respondent incurs in the preparation of its response. All cost associated with the preparation of a response to this request will be borne solely by the Respondent. All submitted responses shall become the property of UNICOR OFG and will not be returned. UNICOR, Federal Prison Industries (FPI) is soliciting proposals for potential contractors to provide Space Plan and Design for Office Furniture Group (OFG). DESCRIPTION/STATEMENT OF WORK UNICOR Office Furniture Group has a contract requirement for design and space planning services. Successful offeror(s) will be responsible for design and space planning of UNICOR’S Office Furniture Group product offering during the term of the contract. Successful offeror(s) will be required to work with UNICOR’s sales and marketing vendor(s) on a daily basis for the duration of this award. This shall include existing products as well as new products added to our lines at a later date. Designers shall be qualified by National Council for Interior Design Qualification (NCIDQ) and shall provide a copy of their registered license number at the time of submitting the proposal. Offeror(s) serves as the primary point of contact on day to day communication for design and project related tasks. Offeror(s) shall be responsible for the design, development, fit and management of the project schedule; manage the project budget and document project reporting and communication. Services shall also include the following: Meet and participate with customer in project planning Lead project communication, programming, space planning and analysis of suggesting furniture and finish specifications that meet the design requirements Responsible for customer communications, design and deliverables, drawings and design intent package to include bill of materials De-Installation/Installation quoting for UNICOR products, ancillary items, as well as UNICOR services. This includes providing a statement of work packet to UNICOR installation contracting. This packet will include site survey, statement of work, product listing, PDF drawings, and any other relevant material. This packet will be sent to UNICOR contracting on a schedule or as needed per UNICOR’s request. All installations that could be completed in an 8 hour day (10 workstations or less) will be quoted with receive/delivery to a warehouse. Install regions will be as follows: West, East, Central, OCONUS/Alaska, and Metropolitan. Metro areas will be as follows: New York City (including Burroughs), Boston, Chicago, San Francisco, Seattle. Any changes to specific areas lists will be made by modification of contract. Installation minimum charge remote/metro area- Remote areas will be looked at on a case-by-case basis and an upcharge will be added if necessary. The metro areas listed above will have an upcharge added. Provide timely support to UNICOR installation vendors for any design/space planning issues or questions. Layout services - Offeror(s) shall provide customers with complete interior design, space planning, and furniture consultation and product specifications. Evaluation of customer's overall office space and furniture requirements, existing inventory, space standards, the functional office environment, work flow, special space or electrical/data requirements. Formulation of design solution. Development of detailed plans based on evaluation and proposed design solutions. Production of documentation in print and electronic formats. Production of drawings and other documentation_ containing sufficient detail or design intent for use by all parties and trades. Offeror(s) shall provide comprehensive management support for design, reconfiguration, relocation, increase or downsizing of office spaces. Development of project related tasks and the implementation of strategies. Development of project phasing. Preparation of design and acquisition budgets. Management of the Design process. Compliance with applicable codes and regulations. Responsibility for adherence to scope of work. Feasibility forecasting of space and building analyses. The design process will include all steps necessary to ensure that project designs will meet customer needs. This may include conducting customer interviews, estimating/quoting the value of installed product, providing initial designs to customers for design confirmation, developing product specifications, furniture layouts, creating a bill of materials, and meeting any special customer requirements. Project designs will maximize the inclusion of all FPI products (systems furniture, seating, case goods, and metal products, etc.). Offeror(s) shall provide quality assurance checks prior to issuing any bill of materials and drawings to the customer. Under no circumstances shall designers provide a final bill of materials (BOM) to the customer until all selections are made (i.e. laminates, fabrics, selection of wood colors and hardware). Failure to comply with the above will result in the vendor being responsible for any customer delays as a result of providing inaccurate information. The one exception to providing the final BOM prior to the customer finalizing their selections is that customers may need to fund their projects prior the end of the fiscal year (September 1st – September 30th). The successful offeror will not be penalized during this time period. The design and space planning will be required for the Continental United States, Alaska, Puerto Rico, Hawaii and other OCONUS (Outside the Continental United States) locations. Locations shall be staffed at a level and physically located sufficiently to provide timely responses to customers. The following space planning lead times will be incorporated into the contract: Site Visit: The space planning site visit or contact with the customer shall be made within 72 hours after issuance of a task order by UNICOR, regardless of the number of workstations. This 72 hour response time applies to the continental United States. This service will be provided at no additional cost to UNICOR or its customers for 5 workstations or fewer. Site Survey: A site survey will be completed by the customer as part of the design process. It will be included in the installation statement of work package to UNICOR. It will be updated when any major revisions are made to the order or the site and also if the site survey is older than six months. Initial Drawings: An initial set of plans (up to 50 workstations) shall be sent to UNICOR’s customers within ten (10) calendar days after the site visit. Final Bill of Materials (FBOM): A final bill of materials shall be sent to UNICOR’s customers within ten (10) calendar days after written approval (customer’s signature) of the plans by UNICOR’s customers. Add one calendar day for each additional 50 workstations. Installation Manual: An installation manual shall be provided to the installer within three (3) calendar days after a request has been made. Offeror(s) shall provide design/space planning services for the National Capital Region and all other regions as listed below: National Capital Region (NCR) to include: Washington, DC Baltimore, Maryland Charles County, Maryland Prince Georges County, Maryland Montgomery County, Maryland Frederick County, Maryland Loudon County, Virginia Prince William County, Virginia Fairfax County, Virginia Fauquier County, Virginia All other regions to include: West Region Washington Oregon Montana Idaho Wyoming California Nevada Utah Colorado New Mexico Arizona Alaska Hawaii Central Region North Dakota South Dakota Nebraska Kansas Oklahoma Texas Minnesota Iowa Missouri Arkansas Wisconsin Illinois Michigan Indiana Ohio Kentucky Tennessee Louisiana Mississippi Alabama East Region Maine New Hampshire Vermont Massachusetts New York Rhode Island Connecticut New Jersey Delaware Maryland (Excluding areas noted in NCR above) Pennsylvania Virginia (Excluding areas noted in NCR above) West Virginia Georgia North Carolina South Carolina Florida UNICOR will bear none of the operational costs associated with design and space planning services performed in the Continental United States. This includes, but is not limited to, salaries, benefits, office costs, office expenses, and travel costs. This shall be considered a cost of doing business and will be the sole responsibility of the successful offeror. However, design and space planning services performed OCONUS will be reimbursed for cost to include airfare, lodging and rental car, in accordance with GSA travel regulations. Design/space planning services conducted outside of the continental United States will be quoted on a project by project basis. Product to be designed and space planned may consist of but not limited to: Systems Movable/Demountable Walls Privacy Screens/Panels Work Surfaces Storage Products Miscellaneous Office Enhancements UNICOR Case Goods Product Line Baritone Wood Integrate Laminate Harmony Laminate Relevate Wood UNICOR Seating Ergonomic Task Lounge (1 place, 2 place and 3 place Seating) Executive Guest and Reception Drafting Stools Stacking Chairs Tables Breakroom Conference Occasional Training/Classroom Float Coffee Table End Table Sofa Table Files/Bookcases/Storage Lateral files - Wood, Metal and Laminate (2, 3, 4 and 5 high) Stationary/Mobile Storage Pedestals - Wood, Metal and Laminate Vertical filing Systems - Wood, Metal and Laminate (4 and 5 high) Bookcases - Wood, Metal and Laminate (2, 3, 4 and 5 high) Accessories Wood Accessories Monitor Arms Ergonomic Keyboards Mouse Pads CPU Holder and Mount Desk Lights Access Rails Cable Management Designers may be required to attend pre-site meetings. PRICING All pricing shall be based on the US Department of Labor Wage Determination. After contract award, offeror(s) may be required to provide special pricing for various customers. NOTE: UNICOR may add services to the contract at a later date through a modification to the awarded contract. Offeror(s) shall only utilize the attached Excel spreadsheet and submit pricing for design/space planning services for the National Capital Region and all other regions as listed above. All projects outside the continental United States will be priced on a quote basis. Space planning projects for 5 workstations or less will be performed at no charge to UNICOR or its customers (excluding reconfigurations, relocations, SSA projects, or other interagency agreements where the customer is paying for specific services). The no charge for 5 workstations or fewer shall only apply to the initial site visit and original drawing package. Each additional site visit and/or modification to the original drawing package will be charged based on the standard rates contained within. There will be no differentiation in pricing for Systems and Freestanding product. Pricing for services will be based on the number of workstations and the following: DC Region with Site Visit Unprepared DC Region with Site Visit Prepared DC Region with Site Visit Conversion DC Region with Site Visit Verification DC Region without Site Visit Unprepared DC Region without Site Visit Prepared DC Region without Site Visit Conversion DC Region without Site Visit Verification All Other Regions with Site Visit Unprepared All Other Regions with Site Visit Prepared All Other Regions with Site Visit Conversion All Other Regions with Site Visit Verification All Other Regions without Site Visit Unprepared All Other Regions without Site Visit Prepared All Other Regions without Site Visit Conversion All Other Regions without Site Visit Verification OCONUS (Plus Expenses) Unprepared OCONUS (Plus Expenses) Prepared OCONUS (Plus Expenses) Conversion OCONUS (Plus Expenses) Verification In addition, offeror(s) shall provide an hourly rate for only the following: Design/space planning above the one major and one minor changes. Partial services required to complete projects initially planned by UNICOR or the customer. On-site design service. Supplying budget cost estimates and or take-offs using block layouts provided by UNICOR or the customer. Development of drawings required by the customer other than standard plans (floor plans, electrical plans, installation drawings, key alike) such as isometric or perspective drawings of typicals or areas; elevations of typicals. Miscellaneous design services shall be approved in writing by UNICOR’s Chief of Sales. Successful offeror will be required to have a point of contact and an alternate to set up designers for projects and to ensure the contact is made with the customer within 72 hours after receipt of task order. All designers shall perform in a professional manner at all times. Upon completion of the design/space plan, the offeror shall submit the space plan and bill of material to the customer and provide a copy to the sales person and UNICOR project manager. A list of sales persons and project managers will be provided after contract award. Successful offeror shall provide and maintain a detailed list of all designers to include but not limited to: Name Location Phone Number Email Territory to be covered This information shall be provided as part of the written proposal utilizing a 1 page color-coded, map format. Also, it shall be kept up to date and provided to the Chief of Sales and Chief of Project Management bi-annually. Offeror(s) is to notify UNICOR Contracting Officer, Chief of Sales and Chief of Project Managers in writing of any changes to the list of designers. FPI's intention is to award a single award contract. Successful offeror(s) shall ensure that designers are able to pass security requirements as set forth by the agency. This may vary based on level of security at site. Offeror will be responsible for verifying on-site security requirements prior to conducting a site visit. All staff must complete and pass an NCIC check. Forms are provided in the attachments and must be completed and returned with written proposal. Offeror(s) shall provide one (1) major and one (1) minor revisions as part of the standard pricing structure. TERMINOLOGY AND CONCEPT DEFINITION FOR PLANNING PROJECT DEFINITIONS Project - A single geographic location (e.g. one city, one military base,) and a single building location that has one point of contact. When multiple geographic locations, multiple building locations or multiple points of contact exist, the quantity of locations, buildings or contacts and their respective workstation count will determine the number of projects. UNICOR will be required to qualify their customer and correctly identify the number of projects using the definition above. The workstation typical drawings must include a plan view of the workstation and a listing of product specified either (1) specifically, using the manufacturer’s model number, description, sizes and finish options or (2) generically, giving the type of furniture component (ex: powered panel, overhead storage unit with door, mobile pedestal, work surface, etc.), description, sizes and finish options. All space allocation, workstation placement and code adherence (building, GSA, local, city, state, etc.) will be the responsibility of the firm generating the "prepared" plan. All dimensional modularity issues must also be resolved by the firm generating the plan. The plans and information must be prepared by a professional interior design, architectural or engineering firm. Drawings - The drawing package consists of blocking, typicals, furniture plans drawings, and electrical plan drawings. This includes one major and one minor revision; additional revisions will be done on a quote basis. Final Bill of Materials - Final bill of materials will be sent to the customer within ten (10) calendar days after approval of the plans by the customer. Initial contact - Contact with customer shall take place within 72 hours after issuance of a task order by UNICOR, regardless of the number of workstations. Initial Drawings - Initial set of plans (up to 50 workstations) will be sent to the customer within ten (10) calendar days after the site visit or initial contact. Site Visit - At the customer's or UNICOR’s direction, the Contractor will conduct a site visit to gather all appropriate information to ensure that a space plan can be completed for that location. Scale Price - Variable prices for installation of product that increase or decrease based upon the quantity installed. Delivery/Task Order - An order for supplies/services placed against an established contract or with Government sources. A task order for services will be issued before design/space planning services or site visits will begin. PROJECT SIZE CHANGES As project's initial size, in terms of number of workstations, may go up or down after the initial site visit; charges incurred for each separate phase as the project is completed will be billed according to the number of workstations done for that phase. DESIGN AND SPACE PLANNING PLAN DEFINITIONS Prepared Plan - architectural plans and information that include a dimensionally accurate building shell drawing, a block layout of the proposed workstation configuration and drawings of the workstation typicals. The block plan must have workstation typical types designated, the orientation of their respective layouts indicated and the doorway opening of each workstation identified. The workstation typical drawings must include a plan view of the workstation and a listing of product specified either (1) specifically, using the manufacturer’s model number, description, sizes and finish options or (2) generically, giving the type of furniture component (ex: powered panel, overhead storage unit with door, mobile pedestal, work surface, etc.), description, sizes and finish options. All space allocation, workstation placement and code adherence (building, GSA, local, city, state, etc.) will be the responsibility of the firm generating the "prepared" plan. All dimensional modularity issues must also be resolved by the firm generating the plan. The plans and information must be prepared by a professional interior design, architectural or engineering firm. Unprepared Plan - Any plan provided to the government/contractor that does not meet the requirements of a "prepared plan” as defined above. Conversion - All CAD work done in AutoCAD with building shell and details completed in generic or competitors CAD blocks. Verification - a quality assurance system of checks prior to issuing any bill of materials and drawings to the customer. FACILITIES MANAGEMENT CAD SYSTEM (FMCS) The Facilities Management CAD System (FMCS) software was developed and is supported by Engineering to assist in developing modular office systems layouts. The software is designed to work as an overlay to a designer’s CAD software incorporating the standard Auto-Cad commands as well as specialized ones specific to systems and freestanding furniture. The Auto-Cad platform was chosen because of its wide acceptance as an industry standard for Architectural and Facilities Planning. Auto-Cad's other advantage is that it easily customized, and can be adapted to handle unique possibilities. The Auto-Cad and FMCS is PC based. WORKSTATION DEFINITIONS Systems Furniture - The space and furniture components, either panel wrapped or panel-supported, required to accommodate one person. The furniture components may include, but not be limited to, panels, work surfaces, storage components and seating. Workstations that have the ability to accommodate more than one person is a shared application, which will be counted by the number of occupants. Free Standing Furniture - Space and furniture components, self-supported and without panel separation, required to accommodate one person. The furniture components may include, but not be limited to, desks, credenzas, tables, storage components and seating. Task areas - Support functions such as shared equipment, mail sorting, printers and copiers etc., will be counted as half of a workstation and identified on both the floor plan and bill of materials. In stations where large areas are so designated, twelve panels not shared by another workstation will equal one workstation. Conference Areas - Any conference area surrounded by twelve panels not shared by another workstation with no new furniture to be installed inside the area will be counted as one systems workstation. The Government will count in one-half workstation increments (six panels) and will round up. Any conference area that includes six panels not shared by another workstation, one table and chairs will be counted as one systems workstation. Any conference area that is not surrounded by panels that includes one table and chairs will be counted as one freestanding workstation. Filing/Storage Areas- Any filing or storage not located within a workstation will be counted as twelve units equals one systems workstation. We will count in one-half workstation increments (6 units) and will round up. Relocations/Reconfigurations - Space planning services to relocate and/or reconfigure new and existing UNICOR products. When UNICOR's customer requires space planning services to relocate and/or reconfigure existing UNICOR product, the Contractor will provide these services at the contract price per workstation (systems or freestanding) per region per level ("prepared" or "unprepared" plan). In these instances, workstation count will be determined as follows: Each station that is taken down and moved from one location to another and reassembled in the exact same configuration where no additional product is required will be counted as one systems or freestanding workstation. Each station that is taken down and moved from one location to another and reassembled in a reconfigured or modified layout will be counted as two systems or freestanding workstations. MAJOR AND MINOR REVISION (Requirement of one (1) major and one (1) minor revisions will be included.) Major Revision - A major revision is defined as anything that affects, changes position or location, adds, subtracts, or substitutes product of over 25% of the product components and less than 50% of the product components. Minor Revision - A minor revision is defined as anything that affects, changes position or location, adds, subtracts, or substitutes product of less than 25% of the product components. OCONUS OCONUS - Outside the Continental United States All space planning services conducted OCONUS will be done on a quote basis for each individual project involved. Quoted costs for OCONUS projects will typically include but not be limited to: Per Diem cost for the applicable site to include parking, rental car, taxi, or other ground transportation as required. Gas, meals, hotel, airfare, tolls etc. shall be based on GSA travel rates. Airline tickets shall only be reimbursed at coach rates. 2. Travel time to and from the site as well as the time involved on site will be billed at the hourly rate identified in the current pricing schedule. 3. The price for site visit will be added to the contract pricing for the drawing phase and multiplied by the workstation count to determine the finalized quoted price. In all cases CONUS or OCONUS, a task order for services will be necessary before design planning or site visits will begin. INVOICING FOR DESIGN AND SPACE PLANING SERVICES The Contractor will bill UNICOR for space planning services once the customer places an order with UNICOR, or billing will be completed when a project has been inactive for a period of thirty (30) days or more. It shall be done in one phase. Any errors or mistakes made by the offeror during the design process that results in a monetary loss to UNICOR may be charged back to the vendor at UNICOR’s discretion. Chargebacks will be presented to the offeror and will require approval signatures or disputing evidence within 30 days of receipt. Failure to do so may result in UNICOR automatically processing charges after the 30 day mark. UNICOR, FPI is seeking information about the Space Plan and Design per description. All interested parties shall furnish the following minimum information: Name of Company Telephone number and email address Company profile Provide Business Size (ie. Large, Small, Socio Economic Category) Any other information contractor deems pertinent to this request. Any questions as a result of this Request for Information (RFI) shall be addressed in writing to Brent.Ponder@usdoj.gov no later than 10:00AM on May 1st, 2026. No phone calls will be accepted. Response Deadline: Friday May 1st @ 10:00am EST. Responses shall be sent via email only to Brent.Ponder@usdoj.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brent Ponder
  - Email: bponder@central.unicor.gov
  - Phone: 87063060001375

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0d1255d7519c49c9a4571e7efb935752/view)