---
layout: default
title: SOLICITATION: SPE605-25-R-0220 (HAWAII, POSTS, CAMPS & STATIONS (PC&S) PP 3.10)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 721ac0b6fd2542788bbc0fc664800085
---

# SOLICITATION: SPE605-25-R-0220 (HAWAII, POSTS, CAMPS & STATIONS (PC&S) PP 3.10)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 16:06:30.655-04
- Solicitation Number: SPE605-25-R-0220

## Summary

SOLICITATION: SPE605-25-R-0220 (HAWAII, POSTS, CAMPS & STATIONS (PC&S) PP 3.10) THE ENCLOSED SOLICITATION COVERS THE FOLLOWING: ORDERING PERIOD: 01 JULY 2026 THROUGH 30 JUNE 2029 DELIVERY PERIOD: 01 JULY 2026 THROUGH 31 JULY 2029 PART: U.S. GOVERNMENT PROCUREMENTS CLASS CODE: 91 – Fuels, Lubricants, Oils and Waxes ISSUING OFFICE: Defense Logistics Agency - Energy ATTN: DLA-ENERGY-FEPAB, Hannah Savine & Kimberly Binns 8725 John J. Kingman Road Ft. Belvoir, VA 22060-6222 RESPONSES DUE: 23 December 2025; 8:00 AM, Eastern Standard Time (EST) Fort Belvoir, VA Local Time DELIVERY PERIOD: 48 Hours after 01 July 2026 Through 30 June 2029 (30 days after end of ordering period) ITEMS TO BE PURCHASED: VARIOUS FUEL PRODUCTS DISTILLATES AND RESIDUALS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND FEDERAL CIVILIAN AGENCIES IN THE STATE OF HAWAII. GENERAL A. DESCRIPTION: This is for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12 and 15, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested. B. REGULATIONS: This combined synopsis/solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC2025-05 dated 01 October 2025; Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Effective 01 October 2025; Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) Changed 01 October 2025; Defense Logistics Agency Directive (DLAD) effective, October 2025; and Defense Logistics Agency Energy Procurement Instruction (DEPI) effective September 2025; up to Procurement Flash 2025-0110, effective 25 September 2025. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its offer. DPAS rating for potential award is DO. The text of the referenced clause and provision in this solicitation may be accessed electronically in full text at https://www.acquisition.gov/ and FAR | Acquisition.GOV. C. SOLICITATION NUMBER: SPE605-25-R-0220 is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items issued as a request for proposal (RFP). Submit written offers only, oral offers will not be accepted. This is an open continuous solicitation with successive closing dates for DLA Energy Posts, Camps and Station (PC&S) Purchase Program 3.10, Hawaii requirements. The Government anticipates receiving new requirements throughout the performance period. Therefore, solicitation SPE605-25-R-0220 will remain open until June 30, 2029, for any new Line Items to be solicited. As new requirements are received, the Government will issue amendment(s) to the solicitation, with new closing dates for the new requirements, and afford all offerors an opportunity to compete for the new Line Items. D. EVALUATION: The Government intends to procure petroleum fuel products using FAR Subpart

12.6 Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items and FAR Subpart

15.3 Source Selection. The Government will award a fixed price with economic price adjustments; requirements-type contract (s) resulting from the solicitation to the responsible offeror(s) whose offer, conforming to the solicitation, will be most advantageous to the Government, with price and other factors considered (See Evaluation criteria under SECTION M). DLA Energy will use lowest price technically acceptable (LPTA) acquisition strategy for this acquisition. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror(s) whose offer(s), conforming to the solicitation, will be most advantageous to the Government using lowest price technically acceptable source selection procedures. Line items will be evaluated and awarded individually. In order to be considered for award, an offer must receive an “Acceptable” rating for every non-price factor. In accordance with the solicitation’s evaluation clause FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION – COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (NOV 2021) E. NOTICE TO SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS: In accordance with FAR 19.000(b), FAR Part 19 – Small Business Programs. This procurement is being issued as A PARTIAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE. This RFP has thirty-five (35) contract line items set-aside for Small Businesses. Three (3) line items 0012, 0014, and 0033 valued below the simplified acquisition threshold will be procured using full and open competition due to no reasonable expectation of obtaining offers from two or more responsible small business concerns in accordance with FAR 19.502-2. The remaining twenty-one (21) line items valued over the SAT will be procured using full and open competition. F. North American Industrial Classification Standard (NAICS): 324110 Small Business Size Standard: 1500 employees or no more than 200,000 barrels per calendar day total Operable Atmospheric Crude Oil Distillation capacity. (See 13 C.F.R. § 121.201). Offerors that propose to furnish an item that it did not itself manufacture, but wants to be considered for a set-aside award, must comply with 13 C.F.R. § 121.406. FAR 52.219-7, Notice of PARTICAL Small Business Set-Aside (NOV 2020) applies to the line items identified in Attachment B– Small Business Set Asides as set aside for Small Businesses. The Non-Manufacturer Rule does not apply to Small Business set aside line items because they are valued at or below the Simplified Acquisition Threshold. For questions concerning Small Business matters, contact DLA.ENERGY.OSBP@DLA.MIL. CONTRACTING RELATED A. ORDERING PERIOD: The ordering period for all contracts awarded under this solicitation will be 1 July 2026 through 30 June 2029. The delivery period ends 30 days after the last day of the ordering period, 31 July 2029. This contract includes an option period that if exercised would have an ordering period that starts 01 July 2029 through 31 December 2029. The options delivery period would end 30 days after the last day of the ordering period, 31 January 2030. B. SCHEDULE: The description, quantities, location, delivery hours, equipment, and other details required for this solicitation are listed in ATTACHMENT A “SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES”. Note: Delivery of all line items in the schedule of supplies shall be F.O.B. Destination. Line items 0007, 0011, and 0013 will not be used in this solicitation SPE605-25-R-0220. C. OPTIONS: All line-item numbers and separate pricing for the six (6) month option are in U.S. Gallons (USG). Offeror price shall be a unit price per gallon. See Attachment N - Hawaii Options Pricing Submission Spreadsheet. D. PAYMENT TERM: Payment Term of “AP00” will apply to all Small Business Set-aside contracts awarded from this solicitation and Payment Term “Net 30” will apply to all Full and Open contracts awarded from this solicitation. E. DEFINITIONS: Any reference to DAY(S) within this solicitation should be considered Calendar (s) (Sunday through Saturday) unless otherwise specified. Hours of operation listed are for the time zone specific to each requirement line item. Any other reference to hours/time, unless otherwise stated, within the solicitation will be for Eastern Standard Time (EST). Any reference to Holiday(s) shall be considered U.S. Holidays, unless otherwise noted. F. ECONOMIC PRICE ADJUSTMENT AND BASE REFERENCE PRICE: Please refer to the following: FAR 52.216-2 ECONOMIC PRICE ADJUSTMENT—STANDARD SUPPLIES SUPPLIMENT REQUIREMENTS: ECONOMIC PRICE ADJUSTMENT – ESTABLISHED CATALOG PRICE (ALASKA/HAWAII) SUPPLIMENT REQUIREMENTS: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED ATTACHMENT C -Hawaii Govt Preferred BRP Indexes and Escalators The base reference date is 01 May 2025. Offerors may use the publication listed for each line item schedule as the escalation reference for their offer prices. After award, the contract price for all Line Items will escalate/de-escalate DAILY (Monday through Friday, and any deliveries made on Saturday and Sunday will use Friday’s Price), in accordance with FAR

16.203 Fixed-price contracts with economic price adjustment and the above Economic Price Adjustment and Base Reference Price based upon the prescribed escalation publication referenced in the solicitation. Price changes are not based on product cost or vendor profit margin. PROPOSALS A. QUESTION AND ANSWER PERIOD: To encourage maximum participation on ALL line items a question and answer period has been established. Starting from the issue date of this solicitation to 15 December, 2025; 8:00A.M. Eastern Standard Time (EST) all potential Offerors may ask any and as many questions as they may need to fully participate and respond to all the listed line items (Attachment A). No further questions shall be accepted after the above stated date and time. All questions are to be sent in writing to Hannah.r.savine@dla.mil, Kimberly.binns@dla.mil, and DLAENERGYFEPAB@dla.mil. Answers will be consolidated and answered via an official Q&A amendment to the solicitation, if applicable. Extensions of the closing date to an open solicitation are at the sole discretion of the Contracting Officer and will be issued via an amendment, if applicable. B. TIME SPECIFIED FOR RECEIPT OF OFFERS: Please note that all required documents to be submitted as part of an Offeror’s proposal shall be received, as stated no later than: 23 December 2025 at 8:00A.M. EST (Ft. Belvoir, VA Local Time). C. OFFER SUBMISSION: ALL fuel product line item offers/pricing must be submitted in DLA Energy PC&S Offer Entry Tool (OET) website: https://offerwizard.dla.mil/pcsoffwiz/pcsoffwiz.html. Use of the PC&S OET is mandatory for this solicitation. Offerors must be registered in the PC&S OET application in order to submit offer prices. In order to have system access to PC&S OET, offerors must request the applicable user roles via the Account Management and Provisioning System (AMPS) website at: https://amps.dla.mil. Information regarding OET access and offer submission, please refer to SECTION L - INSTRUCTIONS, CONDITIONS AND NOTICES and 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS – COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICE (SEPT 2023) for instructions on how to prepare and submit a proposal. NOTE: All Supporting required documents are to be submitted in “.pdf” formate via email to Hannah Savine at Hannah.r.savine@dla.mil, Kimberly Binns at Kimberly.Binns@dla.mil, and DLA Energy Group Email: DLAEnergyFEPAB@dla.mil. ATTACHMENT E - Alt Escalator Company Posting 12 Month History Spreadsheet and ATTACHMENT N - Hawaii Options Pricing Submission Spreadsheet MUST be submitted in “.xls” formatted spreadsheet via email to Hannah Savine at Hannah.r.savine@dla.mil, Kimberly Binns at Kimberly.Binns@dla.mil, and DLA Energy Group Email: DLAEnergyFEPAB@dla.mil. D. ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT AND PROVISIONING SYSTEM (AMPS): Please use the attached instruction titled, ATTACHMENT I – “AMPS Role Guide” to obtain an AMPS account if you do not already have one. If you experience trouble registering or if additional assistance is needed, please send an email to the DLA Enterprise Help Desk at DLAEnterpriseHelpDesk@dla.mil or call toll free (844) 347-2457 and select the option for assistance with AMPS. Once the AMPS registration process is complete, access AMPS with your username and password to request access to the PC&S Ground Vendor Role OET-100. You will be notified by email once your OET access is granted. You will be able to request access to OET through AMPS. Please refer to ATTACHMENT J - “Requesting the OET Vendor Role in AMPS,” for instructions on requesting an OET vendor role. After you obtain access to OET, you will be able to select a solicitation to offer on and submit your offer prices via OET using the instructions in ATTAHCMENT K - “PC&S OET Vendor Guide.” In the event of technical issues on the part of OET that prevent an offeror from successfully entering offer data on OET, the offeror must immediately notify both Government’s Points of Contact via email to Hannah.r.savine@dla.mil; Kimberly.Binns@dla.mil; and DLAEnergyFEPAB@dla.mil to request allowance for offeror’s manual offer submission using Price Data Sheets. The offerors are still responsible for entering offer data thru OET upon its return to a fully functioning state. For further instructions on OET and AMPS please see the following attachments: Attachment I – AMPS ROLE GUIDE Attachment J – REQUESTING OET VENDOR ROLE IN AMPS GUIDE Attachment K – PC&S OET VENDOR GUIDE E. WITHDRAW: Proposals can be withdrawn at any time before an award is made. Withdraws shall be made in writing and submitted to Hannah Savine Hannah.r.savine@dla.mil; Kimberly Binns Kimberly.Binns@dla.mil; and DLA Energy Group Email: DLAEnergyFEPAB@dla.mil. F. TAX AND FEE INFORMATION: Offerors are responsible for ensuring ALL applicable taxes and fees are included in their offer price. Offerors are advised that offer prices shall include Federal Excise Tax (FET) and all other applicable taxes and fees and all other costs arising from contractor's performance of the contract, where no U.S. Government or Department of Defense exemption applies. G. LATE OFFERS: Please note that offers must be received before 23 December 2025; 8:00 AM, EST (Fort Belvoir, VA Local Time). Any offer received after 23 December 2025; 8:00 AM, EST (Fort Belvoir, VA Local Time) will be considered “late.” Offeror(s) assume all risk for any delay in the transmission of their proposals. All offerors are encouraged to review paragraph (f) of FAR 52.212-1– INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS – COMMERCIAL PRODUCT AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (SEPT 2023). H. DISCUSSIONS: The government anticipates and intends to award without discussions; however, to maximize the government’s ability to obtain the best value, it may be necessary to conduct discussions. Discussions may be conducted either orally or in writing. The scope and extent of discussions are a matter of contracting officer judgement. Offerors are advised to submit initial proposals, which are abundantly and clearly compliant without the need for additional information. I. COMPETITIVE RANGE: The government reserves the right to limit, for purposes of efficiency, the number of proposals in the competitive range to the greatest number that will permit an efficient competition among the most highly rated proposals. If the contracting officer decides that an Offeror's proposal should no longer be included in the competitive range, the proposal shall be eliminated from consideration for award and written notice of the decision shall be provided to the unsuccessful Offeror in accordance with FAR 15.503. J. CONTRACT TYPE: The fuel requirements issued under this solicitation are for the remainder of the current contract cycle. A contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be a FIXED PRICE REQUIREMENTS CONTRACT WITH ECONOMIC PRICE ADJUSTMENT. Please refer to FAR 52.216-1, TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984) and FAR 52.216-21 REQUIREMENTS (OCT 1995). K. EVALUATION: Proposals will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION – COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (NOV 2021) Offerors should thoroughly read and understand the terms and conditions contained in the solicitation. Failure to provide any information requested in the solicitation may render an offer unacceptable and preclude it from any further consideration. Offerors should ensure that the information contained in their proposals is factual, accurate, and complete. (PLEASE REFER TO SECTION M - FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION – COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES) (NOV 2021) L. NOTICE OF VOIDABILITY: Any contract awarded to a contractor who, at the time of award, was suspended, debarred, or ineligible for receipt of contracts with Government agencies, or was in receipt of a notice of proposed debarment from any Government agency, is voidable at the option of the Government.. M. VENDOR FUEL PAYMENT RESPONSIBILITY: Refinery used by the vendor that requires fuel payment prior to vendor picking up the fuel shall be paid by the vendor. The Government will not pay for fuel pick up prior to delivery schedule. N. FAR Clause 52.212-5 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS - REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS - COMMERCIAL PRODUCT AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (Oct 2025) lists out clauses incorporated by reference (IBR). Please be advised that Offerors are responsible for complying with the referenced clauses as if they appeared in full text. Please read FAR Clause 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS - COMMERCIAL PRODUCT AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (SEPT 2023) in its entirety. O. SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM): Pursuant to FAR 52.204-7, all offerors are required to be registered in SAM.gov when submitting an offer and shall continue to be registered until time of award; and if awarded a contract, during performance and through final payment of any contract. FAR Provision 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Oct 2025) applies to this acquisition. Offerors shall complete this provision in SAM. SAM is an official U.S. Government system and all offerors are required to be registered in this system. Contractors register one time and confirm on an annual basis that their SAM registration is complete and accurate. There is NO fee to register for this site. Please provide the printout from SAM with your proposal. Offerors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements at: https://sam.gov P. COMMERCIAL AND GOVERNMENT ENTITY (CAGE) CODE REPORTING: Please include your CAGE code in your offer submission letter. If you have not been assigned a CAGE code, insert the word “None” when referencing CAGE code. Q. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF AMENDMENTS: YOU MUST ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT OF ANY AMENDMENTS TO THIS SOLICITATION. You may do this by completing Block 8, 15A, signing 15B, 15C, and returning one (1) copy of each amendment via email to Hannah Savine at Hannah.r.savine@dla.mil, Kimberly Binns at Kimberly.Binns@dla.mil, and DLA Energy Group Email: DLAEnergyFEPAB@dla.mil. R. PRE-AWARD SURVEYS: DLA Energy may conduct pre-award surveys to determine responsibility. S. EXCEPTIONS: Offerors should identify any exceptions taken to the terms and conditions of the solicitation on company letterhead with their proposal, identifying the clause(s)/provision(s) and what exception is being taken, the reason for exception, and any cost savings to the Government if accepted. If the offer is within the competitive range but exception is not acceptable to the Government, the offeror will be advised during discussions and given an opportunity to withdraw their offer or accept the RFP terms and conditions. POINTS OF CONTACT: Information Regarding Solicitation SPE605-25-R-0220 Points of contact for information regarding this solicitation are: Hannah Savine Kimberly Binns Phone: (571) 837-1653 Phone: (571) 363-7606 Email: Hannah.R.Savine@dla.mil Email: Kimberly.Binns@DLA.MIL DLA Energy Group Email DLAEnergyFEPAB@dla.mil SUMMARY OF OFFER SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS: IN ADDITION TO MEETING THE OFFER SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS OF FAR 52.212-1, OFFERORS SHALL DO THE FOLLOWING: Offerors must be registered in the following systems: System for Award Management (SAM) at https://sam.gov Wide Area Work Flow (WAWF) at https://wawf.eb.mil/ (which includes MyInvoice) DLA Internet Bid Board System (DIBBS) at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil REGISTRATION IN THESE SYSTEMS ARE REQUIRED BY THE OFFER SUBMISSION DUE DATE AND TIME. 2. All offers must comply with the instructions in FAR 52.212-1(b) to include at a minimum: Solicitation number on your offer, Adhere to the date and time specified in the solicitation for receipt of offers, The name, title, address, email, and telephone number of the offeror, A technical description of the items being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements in the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary, Terms of any express warranty, Price submitted through PC&S OET with all applicable taxes and fees included Any discount terms, Remit to address, if different than mailing address, A completed copy of the representations and certifications at FAR 52.212-3 (see FAR 52.212- 3(b) for those representations and certifications that the offeror shall complete electronically), Return a signed copy of all solicitation amendments; and Offers must be submitted on Company Letterhead that includes a statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and signed and dated by an authorized representative of the Company. Offers that fail to furnish required representations or information, or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. Offerors SHALL mark all proprietary data within the proposal before submission. 3. The following clauses listed below are fill-in clauses and are to be completed and returned with your proposal FAR 52.209-5 CERTIFICATION REGARDING RESPONSIBILITY MATTERS (AUG 2020) FAR 52.209-7 INFORMATION REGARDING RESPONSIBILITY MATTERS (OCT 2018) FAR 52.209-11 REPRESENTATION BY CORPORATIONS REGARDING DELINQUENT TAX LIABILITY OR A FELONY CONVICTION UNDER ANY FEDERAL LAW (FEB 2016) FAR 52.212-3 OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS - COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (Oct 2025) FAR 52.223-3 HAZARDOUS MATERIAL IDENTIFICATION AND MATERIAL SAFETY DATA (FEB 2021) DFARS 252.204-7016 COVERED DEFENSE TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT OR SERVICES—REPRESENTATION (DEC 2019) DFARS 252.204-7017 PROHIBITION ON THE ACQUISITON OF COVERED DEFENSE TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT OR SERVICES—REPRESENTATION (MAY 2021) DFARS 252.209-7998 REPRESENTATION REGARDING CONVICTION OF A FELONY CRIMINAL VIOLATION UNDER ANY FEDERAL OR STATE LAW (MAR 2012) CLASS DEVIATION ATTACHMENT 1 2012-O0007 DFARS 252.209-7999 REPRESENTATION BY CORPERATIONS REGARDING AN UNPAID DELINQUENT TAX LIABILITY OR A FELONY CONVICTION UNDER FEDERAL LAW (JAN 2012) CLASS DEVIATION ATTACHMENT 1 2012-O0004 DFARS 252.223-7001 HAZARD WARNING LABELS (DEC 1991) DFARS 252.225-7000 BUY AMERICAN—BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE—BASIC (FEB 2024) DFARS 252.229-7001 TAX RELIEF. TAX RELIEF—BASIC (APR 2020) 4. The following documents listed below under SUPPLEMENTS are all required to be returned completed with your proposal TRANSPORT TRUCK AND/OR TRUCK AND TRAILER FREE TIME AND DETENTION RATES NOTIFICATION OF CHANGE IN TRANSPORTATION COMPANY AUTHORIZED NEGOTIATORS NOTIFICATION OF TRANSPORTATION COMPANY TO BE UTILIZED IN THE DELIVERY OF PRODUCT All offerors are required to provide written acknowledgement at the time of submission of their initial offer that the offer prices provided are accurate and include all applicable taxes and/or fees. Offerors must also confirm their ability to perform all contractual obligations in a satisfactory manner for the duration of the contract period at the offer price(s) submitted in response to solicitation SPE605-25-R-0220. RESPONSES DUE: Please note that all required documents to be submitted as part of an Offeror’s proposal shall be received, as stated NLT: 23 December 2025 at 8:00AM, Eastern Standard Time, (Ft. Belvoir, VA Local Time)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Hannah Savine
  - Email: hannah.r.savine@dla.mil
  - Phone: 5718371653
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kimberly Binns
  - Email: kimberly.binns@dla.mil
  - Phone: 5717679519

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Small Business Set Asides as set aside for Small Businesses. The Non-Manufacturer Rule does not apply to Small Business set aside line items because they are valued at or below the Simplified Acquisition Threshold. For questions concerning Small Business matters, contact DLA.ENERGY.OSBP@DLA.MIL. CONTRACTING RELATED A. ORDERING PERIOD: The ordering period for all contracts awarded under this solicitation will be 1 July 2026 through 30 June 2029. The delivery period ends 30 days after the last day of the ordering period, 31 July 2029. This contract includes an option period that if exercised would have an ordering period that starts 01 July 2029 through 31 December 2029. The options delivery period would end 30 days after the last day of the ordering period, 31 January 2030. B. SCHEDULE: The description, quantities, location, delivery hours, equipment, and other details required for this solicitation are listed in ATTACHMENT A “SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES”. Note: Delivery of all line items in the schedule of supplies shall be F.O.B. Destination. Line items 0007, 0011, and 0013 will not be used in this solicitation SPE605-25-R-0220. C. OPTIONS: All line-item numbers and separate pricing for the six (6) month option are in U.S. Gallons (USG). Offeror price shall be a unit price per gallon. See Attachment N - Hawaii Options Pricing Submission Spreadsheet. D. PAYMENT TERM: Payment Term of “AP00” will apply to all Small Business Set-aside contracts awarded from this solicitation and Payment Term “Net 30” will apply to all Full and Open contracts awarded from this solicitation. E. DEFINITIONS: Any reference to DAY(S) within this solicitation should be considered Calendar (s) (Sunday through Saturday) unless otherwise specified. Hours of operation listed are for the time zone specific to each requirement line item. Any other reference to hours/time, unless otherwise stated, within the solicitation will be for Eastern Standard Time (EST). Any reference to Holiday(s) shall be considered U.S. Holidays, unless otherwise noted. F. ECONOMIC PRICE ADJUSTMENT AND BASE REFERENCE PRICE: Please refer to the following: FAR 52.216-2 ECONOMIC PRICE ADJUSTMENT—STANDARD SUPPLIES SUPPLIMENT REQUIREMENTS: ECONOMIC PRICE ADJUSTMENT – ESTABLISHED CATALOG PRICE (ALASKA/HAWAII) SUPPLIMENT REQUIREMENTS: EVALUATION OF OFFERS WHERE ALTERNATE ESCALATORS ARE USED ATTACHMENT C -Hawaii Govt Preferred BRP Indexes and Escalators The base reference date is 01 May 2025. Offerors may use the publication listed for each line item schedule as the escalation reference for their offer prices. After award, the contract price for all Line Items will escalate/de-escalate DAILY (Monday through Friday, and any deliveries made on Saturday and Sunday will use Friday’s Price), in accordance with FAR
- Attachment 2: . No further questions shall be accepted after the above stated date and time. All questions are to be sent in writing to Hannah.r.savine@dla.mil, Kimberly.binns@dla.mil, and DLAENERGYFEPAB@dla.mil. Answers will be consolidated and answered via an official Q&A amendment to the solicitation, if applicable. Extensions of the closing date to an open solicitation are at the sole discretion of the Contracting Officer and will be issued via an amendment, if applicable. B. TIME SPECIFIED FOR RECEIPT OF OFFERS: Please note that all required documents to be submitted as part of an Offeror’s proposal shall be received, as stated no later than: 23 December 2025 at 8:00A.M. EST (Ft. Belvoir, VA Local Time). C. OFFER SUBMISSION: ALL fuel product line item offers/pricing must be submitted in DLA Energy PC&S Offer Entry Tool (OET) website: https://offerwizard.dla.mil/pcsoffwiz/pcsoffwiz.html. Use of the PC&S OET is mandatory for this solicitation. Offerors must be registered in the PC&S OET application in order to submit offer prices. In order to have system access to PC&S OET, offerors must request the applicable user roles via the Account Management and Provisioning System (AMPS) website at: https://amps.dla.mil. Information regarding OET access and offer submission, please refer to SECTION L - INSTRUCTIONS, CONDITIONS AND NOTICES and 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS – COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICE (SEPT 2023) for instructions on how to prepare and submit a proposal. NOTE: All Supporting required documents are to be submitted in “.pdf” formate via email to Hannah Savine at Hannah.r.savine@dla.mil, Kimberly Binns at Kimberly.Binns@dla.mil, and DLA Energy Group Email: DLAEnergyFEPAB@dla.mil. ATTACHMENT E - Alt Escalator Company Posting 12 Month History Spreadsheet and ATTACHMENT N - Hawaii Options Pricing Submission Spreadsheet MUST be submitted in “.xls” formatted spreadsheet via email to Hannah Savine at Hannah.r.savine@dla.mil, Kimberly Binns at Kimberly.Binns@dla.mil, and DLA Energy Group Email: DLAEnergyFEPAB@dla.mil. D. ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT AND PROVISIONING SYSTEM (AMPS): Please use the attached instruction titled, ATTACHMENT I – “AMPS Role Guide” to obtain an AMPS account if you do not already have one. If you experience trouble registering or if additional assistance is needed, please send an email to the DLA Enterprise Help Desk at DLAEnterpriseHelpDesk@dla.mil or call toll free (844) 347-2457 and select the option for assistance with AMPS. Once the AMPS registration process is complete, access AMPS with your username and password to request access to the PC&S Ground Vendor Role OET-100. You will be notified by email once your OET access is granted. You will be able to request access to OET through AMPS. Please refer to ATTACHMENT J - “Requesting the OET Vendor Role in AMPS,” for instructions on requesting an OET vendor role. After you obtain access to OET, you will be able to select a solicitation to offer on and submit your offer prices via OET using the instructions in ATTAHCMENT K - “PC&S OET Vendor Guide.” In the event of technical issues on the part of OET that prevent an offeror from successfully entering offer data on OET, the offeror must immediately notify both Government’s Points of Contact via email to Hannah.r.savine@dla.mil; Kimberly.Binns@dla.mil; and DLAEnergyFEPAB@dla.mil to request allowance for offeror’s manual offer submission using Price Data Sheets. The offerors are still responsible for entering offer data thru OET upon its return to a fully functioning state. For further instructions on OET and AMPS please see the following attachments: Attachment I – AMPS ROLE GUIDE Attachment J – REQUESTING OET VENDOR ROLE IN AMPS GUIDE Attachment K – PC&S OET VENDOR GUIDE E. WITHDRAW: Proposals can be withdrawn at any time before an award is made. Withdraws shall be made in writing and submitted to Hannah Savine Hannah.r.savine@dla.mil; Kimberly Binns Kimberly.Binns@dla.mil; and DLA Energy Group Email: DLAEnergyFEPAB@dla.mil. F. TAX AND FEE INFORMATION: Offerors are responsible for ensuring ALL applicable taxes and fees are included in their offer price. Offerors are advised that offer prices shall include Federal Excise Tax (FET) and all other applicable taxes and fees and all other costs arising from contractor"s performance of the contract, where no U.S. Government or Department of Defense exemption applies. G. LATE OFFERS: Please note that offers must be received before 23 December 2025; 8:00 AM, EST (Fort Belvoir, VA Local Time). Any offer received after 23 December 2025; 8:00 AM, EST (Fort Belvoir, VA Local Time) will be considered “late.” Offeror(s) assume all risk for any delay in the transmission of their proposals. All offerors are encouraged to review paragraph (f) of FAR 52.212-1– INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS – COMMERCIAL PRODUCT AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (SEPT 2023). H. DISCUSSIONS: The government anticipates and intends to award without discussions; however, to maximize the government’s ability to obtain the best value, it may be necessary to conduct discussions. Discussions may be conducted either orally or in writing. The scope and extent of discussions are a matter of contracting officer judgement. Offerors are advised to submit initial proposals, which are abundantly and clearly compliant without the need for additional information. I. COMPETITIVE RANGE: The government reserves the right to limit, for purposes of efficiency, the number of proposals in the competitive range to the greatest number that will permit an efficient competition among the most highly rated proposals. If the contracting officer decides that an Offeror"s proposal should no longer be included in the competitive range, the proposal shall be eliminated from consideration for award and written notice of the decision shall be provided to the unsuccessful Offeror in accordance with FAR 15.503. J. CONTRACT TYPE: The fuel requirements issued under this solicitation are for the remainder of the current contract cycle. A contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be a FIXED PRICE REQUIREMENTS CONTRACT WITH ECONOMIC PRICE ADJUSTMENT. Please refer to FAR 52.216-1, TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984) and FAR 52.216-21 REQUIREMENTS (OCT 1995). K. EVALUATION: Proposals will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION – COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (NOV 2021) Offerors should thoroughly read and understand the terms and conditions contained in the solicitation. Failure to provide any information requested in the solicitation may render an offer unacceptable and preclude it from any further consideration. Offerors should ensure that the information contained in their proposals is factual, accurate, and complete. (PLEASE REFER TO SECTION M - FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION – COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES) (NOV 2021) L. NOTICE OF VOIDABILITY: Any contract awarded to a contractor who, at the time of award, was suspended, debarred, or ineligible for receipt of contracts with Government agencies, or was in receipt of a notice of proposed debarment from any Government agency, is voidable at the option of the Government.. M. VENDOR FUEL PAYMENT RESPONSIBILITY: Refinery used by the vendor that requires fuel payment prior to vendor picking up the fuel shall be paid by the vendor. The Government will not pay for fuel pick up prior to delivery schedule. N. FAR Clause 52.212-5 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS - REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS - COMMERCIAL PRODUCT AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (Oct 2025) lists out clauses incorporated by reference (IBR). Please be advised that Offerors are responsible for complying with the referenced clauses as if they appeared in full text. Please read FAR Clause 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS - COMMERCIAL PRODUCT AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (SEPT 2023) in its entirety. O. SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM): Pursuant to FAR 52.204-7, all offerors are required to be registered in SAM.gov when submitting an offer and shall continue to be registered until time of award; and if awarded a contract, during performance and through final payment of any contract. FAR Provision 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Oct 2025) applies to this acquisition. Offerors shall complete this provision in SAM. SAM is an official U.S. Government system and all offerors are required to be registered in this system. Contractors register one time and confirm on an annual basis that their SAM registration is complete and accurate. There is NO fee to register for this site. Please provide the printout from SAM with your proposal. Offerors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements at: https://sam.gov P. COMMERCIAL AND GOVERNMENT ENTITY (CAGE) CODE REPORTING: Please include your CAGE code in your offer submission letter. If you have not been assigned a CAGE code, insert the word “None” when referencing CAGE code. Q. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF AMENDMENTS: YOU MUST ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT OF ANY AMENDMENTS TO THIS SOLICITATION. You may do this by completing Block 8, 15A, signing 15B, 15C, and returning one (1) copy of each amendment via email to Hannah Savine at Hannah.r.savine@dla.mil, Kimberly Binns at Kimberly.Binns@dla.mil, and DLA Energy Group Email: DLAEnergyFEPAB@dla.mil. R. PRE-AWARD SURVEYS: DLA Energy may conduct pre-award surveys to determine responsibility. S. EXCEPTIONS: Offerors should identify any exceptions taken to the terms and conditions of the solicitation on company letterhead with their proposal, identifying the clause(s)/provision(s) and what exception is being taken, the reason for exception, and any cost savings to the Government if accepted. If the offer is within the competitive range but exception is not acceptable to the Government, the offeror will be advised during discussions and given an opportunity to withdraw their offer or accept the RFP terms and conditions. POINTS OF CONTACT: Information Regarding Solicitation SPE605-25-R-0220 Points of contact for information regarding this solicitation are: Hannah Savine Kimberly Binns Phone: (571) 837-1653 Phone: (571) 363-7606 Email: Hannah.R.Savine@dla.mil Email: Kimberly.Binns@DLA.MIL DLA Energy Group Email DLAEnergyFEPAB@dla.mil SUMMARY OF OFFER SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS: IN ADDITION TO MEETING THE OFFER SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS OF FAR 52.212-1, OFFERORS SHALL DO THE FOLLOWING: Offerors must be registered in the following systems: System for Award Management (SAM) at https://sam.gov Wide Area Work Flow (WAWF) at https://wawf.eb.mil/ (which includes MyInvoice) DLA Internet Bid Board System (DIBBS) at https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil REGISTRATION IN THESE SYSTEMS ARE REQUIRED BY THE OFFER SUBMISSION DUE DATE AND TIME. 2. All offers must comply with the instructions in FAR 52.212-1(b) to include at a minimum: Solicitation number on your offer, Adhere to the date and time specified in the solicitation for receipt of offers, The name, title, address, email, and telephone number of the offeror, A technical description of the items being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements in the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary, Terms of any express warranty, Price submitted through PC&S OET with all applicable taxes and fees included Any discount terms, Remit to address, if different than mailing address, A completed copy of the representations and certifications at FAR 52.212-3 (see FAR 52.212- 3(b) for those representations and certifications that the offeror shall complete electronically), Return a signed copy of all solicitation amendments; and Offers must be submitted on Company Letterhead that includes a statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and signed and dated by an authorized representative of the Company. Offers that fail to furnish required representations or information, or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. Offerors SHALL mark all proprietary data within the proposal before submission. 3. The following clauses listed below are fill-in clauses and are to be completed and returned with your proposal FAR 52.209-5 CERTIFICATION REGARDING RESPONSIBILITY MATTERS (AUG 2020) FAR 52.209-7 INFORMATION REGARDING RESPONSIBILITY MATTERS (OCT 2018) FAR 52.209-11 REPRESENTATION BY CORPORATIONS REGARDING DELINQUENT TAX LIABILITY OR A FELONY CONVICTION UNDER ANY FEDERAL LAW (FEB 2016) FAR 52.212-3 OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS - COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (Oct 2025) FAR 52.223-3 HAZARDOUS MATERIAL IDENTIFICATION AND MATERIAL SAFETY DATA (FEB 2021) DFARS 252.204-7016 COVERED DEFENSE TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT OR SERVICES—REPRESENTATION (DEC 2019) DFARS 252.204-7017 PROHIBITION ON THE ACQUISITON OF COVERED DEFENSE TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT OR SERVICES—REPRESENTATION (MAY 2021) DFARS 252.209-7998 REPRESENTATION REGARDING CONVICTION OF A FELONY CRIMINAL VIOLATION UNDER ANY FEDERAL OR STATE LAW (MAR 2012) CLASS DEVIATION ATTACHMENT 1 2012-O0007 DFARS 252.209-7999 REPRESENTATION BY CORPERATIONS REGARDING AN UNPAID DELINQUENT TAX LIABILITY OR A FELONY CONVICTION UNDER FEDERAL LAW (JAN 2012) CLASS DEVIATION ATTACHMENT 1 2012-O0004 DFARS 252.223-7001 HAZARD WARNING LABELS (DEC 1991) DFARS 252.225-7000 BUY AMERICAN—BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE—BASIC (FEB 2024) DFARS 252.229-7001 TAX RELIEF. TAX RELIEF—BASIC (APR 2020) 4. The following documents listed below under SUPPLEMENTS are all required to be returned completed with your proposal TRANSPORT TRUCK AND/OR TRUCK AND TRAILER FREE TIME AND DETENTION RATES NOTIFICATION OF CHANGE IN TRANSPORTATION COMPANY AUTHORIZED NEGOTIATORS NOTIFICATION OF TRANSPORTATION COMPANY TO BE UTILIZED IN THE DELIVERY OF PRODUCT All offerors are required to provide written acknowledgement at the time of submission of their initial offer that the offer prices provided are accurate and include all applicable taxes and/or fees. Offerors must also confirm their ability to perform all contractual obligations in a satisfactory manner for the duration of the contract period at the offer price(s) submitted in response to solicitation SPE605-25-R-0220. RESPONSES DUE: Please note that all required documents to be submitted as part of an Offeror’s proposal shall be received, as stated NLT: 23 December 2025 at 8:00AM, Eastern Standard Time, (Ft. Belvoir, VA Local Time)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/721ac0b6fd2542788bbc0fc664800085/view)