---
layout: default
title: U.S. Department of Agriculture Seeks to Lease Office and Related Space in Bedford, PA
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: b9e4691da2f146ff93589a985f9431a7
---

# U.S. Department of Agriculture Seeks to Lease Office and Related Space in Bedford, PA

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 13:34:14.326-04
- Solicitation Number: 57-42009-26-FA

## Summary

Department of Agriculture (USDA) seeks to lease the following space: LOCATION State: Pennsylvania City: Bedford County: Bedford County Delineated Area: NORTHERN: Starting at Chestnut Ridge Road/Crissman Road, to Crissman Road/PA Route 56, to PA Route 56/SR 4009, to SR 4009/Hoagland Road, to Hoagland Road/Beldan Road, to Beldan Road/Chalybeate Road, to Chalybeate Road/Sunnyside Road, to Sunnyside Road/Sunnyside Ext, to Sunnyside Ext/Route 30, and ending at Route 30/Business Route 30. SOUTHERN: Starting at PA Route 96/Buffalo Road, to Buffalo Road/Milligans Cove Road, to Milligans Cove Road/Baltimore Grove Road, to Baltimore Grove Rd/Paradise Ln, to Paradise Ln/Route 220, to Route 220/Evitts Creek Road, to Evitts Creek Road/Rainsburg Mountain Rd, to Rainsburg Mountain Road/Valley Road, to Valley Road/Cumberland Street, to Cumberland Street/Route 326, and ending at Route 326/Black Valley Road. EASTERN: Starting at Route 30/Business Route 30, to Business Route 30/State Street, to State Street/West 5th Avenue, to West 5th Avenue/Black Valley Road, and ending at Black Valley Road/Route 326. WESTERN: Starting at Buffalo Road/PA Route 96, to PA Route 96/PA Route 31, to PA Route 31/PA Route 96, to PA Route 96/Chestnut Ridge Rd, and ending at Chestnut Ridge Road/Crissman Road. SPACE REQUIREMENTS Minimum Sq. Ft. (ABOA): 2,609 ABOA SF Minimum Maximum Sq. Ft. (ABOA): 2,739 ABOA SF Maximum Rentable Square Feet (RSF): 3,193 Not to exceed RSF Space Type: General-purpose Office and Related Space TERM REQUIREMENTS Full Term: Ten (10) Years (120 Months) Firm Term: Five (5) Years (60 Months) Termination Rights: 120 Days in Whole or in part after expiration of the firm lease term Option Term: None PARKING REQUIREMENTS GOV Surface/ Outside Reserved Parking Spaces: THREE (3) reserved parking spaces for GOVs. These parking spaces shall be designated for USDA/ Government-Use Only. Reserved parking shall be located on-site and within a maximum walking distance of 300-feet of the public entrance of the building. One GOV shall be used to park/stage a John Deere-type backhoe on trailer Producer/ Visitor Surface/ Outside Reserved Parking Spaces: FIVE (5) reserved parking spaces for USDA producers/ visitors. Reserved parking shall be located on-site and within a maximum walking distance of 300-feet of the public entrance of the building. Employee Surface/ Outside Non-Reserved Parking Spaces: EIGHT (8) non-reserved (public) parking spaces for USDA employees. Non-reserved (public) parking spaces shall be on-site or within a ¼ walkable mile (1,320 feet) of the public entrance of the Premises. ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS Tenant Improvements: Turnkey Tenant Improvements Additional Requirements: Square feet may reflect non-USDA partners where NRCS provides workspace to partners through agreement. The parking lot shall have pull-through capabilities and shall not be obstructed by adjacent building(s) or tenant usage. The space offered, its location, and its surrounding areas must be compatible with the Government’s intended use. The space offered shall be in a professional office environment or surroundings with a prevalence for modern design and/or tasteful rehabilitation in modern use. The space offered shall not be located within 300-feet of residential areas. The space offered will not be considered where any living quarters are located within the building. Space shall not be adjacent to a tenant or business whose primary operation is the sale of alcoholic beverages, where firearms are sold and/or discharged, or where tenants related to drug treatment or detention facilities are located. Subleases are not acceptable. First floor space is preferred. Office space must be contiguous, on one floor. If space offered is above the ground level, then at least one (1) accessible elevator will be required. The Government will have access to the Space 24-hours a day, 7-days a week. Normal hours of operation are Monday through Friday 6:00 AM – 6:00 PM (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and Federal Holidays). Offered space must meet Government requirements for fire safety, accessibility, seismic, and sustainability standards per the terms of the Lease. A fully serviced lease is required. Offered space shall not be in the 0.2-percent-annual chance floodplain (formerly referred to as 500-Year floodplain). EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST Expressions of Interest Due: 4:30 PM, Thursday, May 21, 2026 Market Survey (Estimated): TBD Occupancy (Estimated): 05/01/2027 Entities are advised to familiarize themselves with the telecommunications prohibitions outlined under Section 889 of the FY19 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), as implemented by the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). ). For more information, visit: https://acquisition.gov/FAR-Case-2019-009/889_Part_B. Send Expressions of Interest to: Name/Title: Shannon Schoening, USDA Contracting Officer Email Address: SHANNON.SCHOENING@USDA.GOV Expressions of Interest shall include the following: Refer to project number 57-42009-26-FA in expressions of interest response. If offeror is not the owner of the building, an authorization letter signed by owner to represent owner for property will be required.* Brokers submitting properties MUST show authorization from the property owner to submit property on behalf of the property owner; this can include, but is not limited to a listing agreement, letter from the property owner authorizing the broker to submit the property, purchase/ sale agreement, option, etc.* Photos of the space or site being submitted, or permission for Market Survey participants to photograph the space or site. For existing buildings: Download complete Lease Market Survey Form for Existing Building, MS-2991, in its entirety. Include building name and legal address (as reflected on DEED), the location of available space within the building, along with building site/ lot plans, interior layout drawings/ pictures (with dimensions shown) reflecting the Space(s) that are being offered. Provide information on condition of building systems, roof, foundation, and current floor plan. Alternatively, provide a copy of a recent commercial building inspection or appraisal. For new construction: Where a land site is proposed, download from SAM.gov and complete the Land Market Survey form in its entirety. Site/aerial plans or building site/lot plans showing the location of the proposal land, along with the parcel number (if part of multiple parcels, all parcel numbers associated with the proposed land). Adjacent streets showing proposed ingress/egress shall be shown on the plans. For BOTH existing buildings and new construction sites: Rentable square feet (RSF) and ANSI/BOMA office area (ABOA) square feet to be offered. Date of space availability. Amount of/type of parking available on-site. If parking is not available on-site, provide a map showing the location(s) of parking requested in the advertisement. Confirmation that offered space meets or will be made to meet Architectural Barriers Act Accessibility Standards (ABAAS). Confirmation that offered space meets or will be made to meet Seismic Safety Standards, as applicable. Confirmation that offered space meets or will be made to meet Fire Protection & Life Safety Requirements. For new construction or properties requiring expansion of the footprint of the building, confirmation that offered space meets or will be made to meet National Environmental Protection Act of 1969 (NEPA) Requirements. *As mentioned in numbers 2 and 3 above, any submission received without written authorization to represent owner(s) will not be considered until such time the documentation has been received. In cases where an agent is representing multiple entities, written acknowledgement/permission from each entity to represent multiple interest parties for the same submission must be submitted prior to the Expressions of Interest due date. GOVERNMENT CONTACT INFORMATION In no event shall the offeror enter into negotiations or discussion concerning the Space to be leased with any Federal Agency other than the U.S. Department of Agriculture Lease Contracting Officer or their authorized representative indicated below Lease Contracting Officer: Shannon Schoening, USDA Contracting Officer

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shannon Schoening
  - Email: shannon.schoening@usda.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b9e4691da2f146ff93589a985f9431a7/view)