---
layout: default
title: 6515--NX EQ Dental Radiographic Units, Intraoral (Internal X-Ray) (VA-26-00056583)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 77ec4652fd6e418b9c046f6f9bdd5015
---

# 6515--NX EQ Dental Radiographic Units, Intraoral (Internal X-Ray) (VA-26-00056583)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-13 11:52:54.226-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10X26Q0128
- Awardee: null

## Summary

DESCRIPTION The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment National Program has identified the Dental Radiographic Units Intraoral product line as a candidate for a VA-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) single Requirements contract award. The Department of Veterans Affairs (DVA) Office of Procurement, Acquisition and Logistics (OPAL) Strategic Acquisition Center (SAC) on behalf of VHA is issuing this Sources Sought Notice in accordance with the FAR 10.002(b)(2) to determine the availability and technical capabilities of qualified sources. The SAC in conjunction with VHA is seeking a qualified source to provide Planmeca ProX brand name or equal to Dental Radiographic Units Intraoral on an agency wide basis. VA intends to award a Requirements Contract with Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) orders IAW FAR 16.503, Requirements Contract to a supplier of this equipment. Vendors will be required to deliver the Dental Radiographic Units Intraoral to VA medical centers and facilities throughout the United States and its territories. The anticipated period of performance is for one 12-month base period with four 12-month option periods from the date of award. However, the Government's decision as to whether to continue with the contract, upon annual review, will be based upon successful performance during each previous year and continued need. The Contractor must demonstrate the ability to meet all requirements for the solicitation. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 339114 Dental Equipment and Supplies Manufacturing, Product Service Code: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies. The FAR Provision found at 52.204-7(b)(1) requires that All interested Offerors must be registered in SAM.gov prior to submitting an offer or quotation. You may access the website at SAM.gov | Home. All offerors must be certified with the appropriate NAICS code on the SAM website. All SDVOSB/VOSB offerors must be verified in the SBA database at: https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/#search at the time of quote submission. Submissions for this source sought shall be submitted by email no later than April 23rd, 2026, at 10:00 am EST to all the following: Jalima.Jones@va.gov Kimberly.LeMieux@va.gov This notice is for planning purposes only and does not constitute a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract, nor does the Government intend to pay for any information submitted as a result of this notice. This Sources Sought Notice is part of a continuous process for obtaining the latest information on the commercial status of the industry with respect to their current and near-term abilities. The information provided herein is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for, or award, a competitive contract. It is emphasized that this is a notice solely for planning and informational purposes.

2.0 SCOPE Dental radiographic units are used for imaging dentition, individual tooth anatomy (i.e., crown, neck, FboNotice), and dental problems (e.g., caries) in adult and pediatric patients, as well as for orthodontic planning and assessment. Periapical radiographs capture the entire tooth and surrounding area, including the apex of the FboNotice; teeth in the maxillary arch and the mandibular arch are imaged separately. Periapical radiographs are used to examine the teeth, bone, and surrounding tissues. Pathological conditions such as a periapical abscess can be diagnosed and confirmed with this type of radiograph. Occlusal radiographs show the masticating surface of the premolars and molars. The following Contract Line-Items Number (CLIN) are being considered: CLIN Manufacturer Part Number Description 0001 Planmeca PROXGO ProX Go 0002 Planmeca PROXSS-FC-60-NO or PROXSS-HC-60-NO ProX Single Stud/Pass Thru 60" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0003 Planmeca PROXSS-FC-65-NO or PROXSS-HC-65-NO ProX Single Stud/Pass Thru 65" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0004 Planmeca PROXSS-FC-70-NO or PROXSS-HC-70-NO ProX Single Stud/Pass Thru 70" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0005 Planmeca PROXSS-FC-75-NO or PROXSS-HC-75-NO ProX Single Stud/Pass Thru 75" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0006 Planmeca PROXSS-FC-80-NO or PROXSS-HC-80-NO ProX Single Stud/Pass Thru 80" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0007 Planmeca PROXSS-FC-88-NO or PROXSS-HC-88-NO ProX Single Stud/Pass Thru 88" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0008 Planmeca PROXDS-FC-60-NO or PROXDS-HC-60-NO ProX Dual Stud 60" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0009 Planmeca PROXDS-FC-65-NO or PROXDS-HC-65-NO ProX Dual Stud 65" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0010 Planmeca PROXDS-FC-70-NO or PROXDS-HC-70-NO ProX Dual Stud 70" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0011 Planmeca PROXDS-FC-75-NO or PROXDS-HC-75-NO ProX Dual Stud 75" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0012 Planmeca PROXDS-FC-80-NO or PROXDS-HC-80-NO ProX Dual Stud 80" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0013 Planmeca PROXDS-FC-88-NO or PROXDS-HC-88-NO ProX Dual Stud 88" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0014 Planmeca PROXSS-FC-60-ETH or PROXSS-HC-60-ETH ProX Single Stud/Pass Thru w/CTL Box 60" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0015 Planmeca PROXSS-FC-65-ETH or PROXSS-HC-65-ETH ProX Single Stud/Pass Thru w/CTL Box 65" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0016 Planmeca PROXSS-FC-70-ETH or PROXSS-HC-70-ETH ProX Single Stud/Pass Thru w/CTL Box 70" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0017 Planmeca PROXSS-FC-75-ETH or PROXSS-HC-75-ETH ProX Single Stud/Pass Thru w/CTL Box 75" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0018 Planmeca PROXSS-FC-80-ETH or PROXSS-HC-80-ETH ProX Single Stud/Pass Thru w/CTL Box 80" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0019 Planmeca PROXSS-FC-88-ETH or PROXSS-HC-88-ETH ProX Single Stud/Pass Thru w/CTL Box 88" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0020 Planmeca PROXDS-FC-60-ETH or PROXDS-HC-60-ETH ProX Dual Stud w/CTL Box 60" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0021 Planmeca PROXDS-FC-65-ETH or PROXDS-HC-65-ETH ProX Dual Stud w/CTL Box 65" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0022 Planmeca PROXDS-FC-70-ETH or PROXDS-HC-70-ETH ProX Dual Stud w/CTL Box 70" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0023 Planmeca PROXDS-FC-75-ETH or PROXDS-HC-75-ETH ProX Dual Stud w/CTL Box 75" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0024 Planmeca PROXDS-FC-80-ETH or PROXDS-HC-80-ETH ProX Dual Stud w/CTL Box 80" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0025 Planmeca PROXDS-FC-88-ETH or PROXDS-HC-88-ETH ProX Dual Stud w/CTL Box 88" (w/Fixed CP or w/Handheld CP) 0026 Planmeca PROSENSORUSB-S2-3FT or PROSENSORUSB-S2-6FT ProSensor HD System Size 2 USB 0027 Planmeca PROSENSORUSB-S1-3FT or PROSENSORUSB-S1-6FT ProSensor HD System Size 1 USB 0028 Planmeca PROSENSORUSB-S0-3FT or PROSENSORUSB-S0-6FT ProSensor HD System Size 0 USB 0029 Planmeca PROSENSORETH-S2-3FT or PROSENSORETH-S2-6FT ProSensor HD System Size 2 Ethernet 0030 Planmeca PROSENSORETH-S1-3FT or PROSENSORETH-S1-6FT ProSensor HD System Size 1 Ethernet 0031 Planmeca PROSENSORETH-S0-3FT or PROSENSORETH-S0-6FT ProSensor HD System Size 0 Ethernet 0032 Planmeca PROSENSORNC-S2-3FT or PROSENSORNC-S2-6FT ProSensor HD Kit for ProX Size 2 0033 Planmeca PROSENSORNC-S1-3FT or PROSENSORNC-S1-6FT ProSensor HD Kit for ProX Size 1 0034 Planmeca PROSENSORNC-S0-3FT or PROSENSORNC-S0-6FT ProSensor HD Kit for ProX Size 0 0035 Planmeca 30056792 ProSensor HD Sensor Only Size 2 -6' 0036 Planmeca 30056791 ProSensor HD Sensor Only Size 2 -3' 0037 Planmeca 30056790 ProSensor HD Sensor Only Size 1 -6' 0038 Planmeca 30056787 ProSensor HD Sensor Only Size 1 -3' 0039 Planmeca 30056786 ProSensor HD Sensor Only Size 0 -6' 0040 Planmeca 30056785 ProSensor HD Sensor Only Size 0 -3' 0041 Planmeca 30056928 ProSensor Control Box USB 6' 0042 Planmeca 30056930 ProSensor HD Control Box Ethernet 0043 Planmeca 30056931 ProX Sensor Control Box Retrofit The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide Planmeca ProX brand name, or equal to Dental Radiographic Units Intraoral as listed above or equal commodities which meet all the following salient characteristics (SCs): SCs: Category 1 Portable Handheld Intraoral X-Ray Unit SC # SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS Applicable CLIN METHOD OF EVALUATION SC 1 Must be a portable handheld intraoral X-ray unit intended for dental intraoral radiographic imaging. 0001 Literature Review SC 2 Must provide image-quality performance suitable for intraoral dental radiography, including a focal spot size of 0.4 mm or smaller 0001 Literature Review SC 3 Must incorporate integrated radiation safety features for protection of both patient and operator. 0001 Literature Review SC 4 Must be battery powered and capable of cordless operation for portable clinical use. 0001 Literature Review SC 5 Must support portable chairside workflow in multiple treatment areas/operatories. 0001 Literature Review SC 6 Must be suitable for digital intraoral imaging workflows. 0001 Literature Review SCs: Category 2 Fixed Intraoral X-Ray Unit SC # SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS Applicable CLIN METHOD OF EVALUATION SC 1 Must be a fixed intraoral X-ray system intended for dental intraoral radiographic imaging. 0002-0025 Literature Review SC 2 Must support fixed installation in a dental operatory, such as wall, cabinet, pole, ceiling, or equivalent mounted configuration. 0002-0025 Literature Review SC 3 Must provide adjustable or selectable exposure settings suitable for intraoral imaging. 0002-0025 Literature Review SC 4 Must provide image-quality performance suitable for intraoral dental radiography, including a focal spot size of 0.7 mm or smaller. 0002-0025 Literature Review SC 5 Must support rectangular and circular collimation for intraoral dental imaging. 0002-0025 Literature Review SC 6 Tube head and arm assembly must allow positioning necessary for standard intraoral dental imaging. For wall mountings, arm extensions must be available to accommodate 85 length to dental treatment chair. 0002-0025 Literature Review SC 7 Must be suitable for digital intraoral imaging workflows, including compatibility with digital sensors and/or imaging plate systems. 0002-0025 Literature Review SCs: Category 3 Digital Intraoral Sensor SC # SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS Applicable CLIN METHOD OF EVALUATION SC 1 Must be a digital intraoral sensor suitable for routine dental intraoral radiographic imaging. 0026-0043 Literature Review SC 2 Must provide diagnostic quality imaging with high resolution and low-noise / high-contrast performance suitable for clinical diagnosis. 0026-0043 Literature Review SC 3 Must be offered in a configuration suitable for all patient intraoral imaging, whether through multiple sensor sizes or an ergonomic design intended to fit a wide range of patients. 0026-0043 Literature Review SC 4 Must support cleaning/disinfection and durable clinical use, including housing and cable design suitable for repeated use, including disinfection with intermediate-level hospital disinfectant with label claims of tuberculocidal activity. 0026-0043 Literature Review SC 5 Must connect through a standard computer interface such as USB, Ethernet, or equivalent manufacturer supported connection method. 0026-0043 Literature Review SC 6 Must be suitable for integration with commonly used dental imaging software or practice management/imaging environments. 0026-0043 Literature Review SC 7 Must furnish the standard accessories, drivers, and components necessary for clinical operation of the sensor. 0026-0043 Literature Review For each product (brand name and part number), the response must include descriptive literature demonstrating the product meets or exceeds the salient characteristics specified above. The Government's intent is to include all ancillary items to ensure the equipment can function as designed by the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) and as clinically required. Vendors are encouraged to provide any product solution or configuration so long as they meet the salient characteristics. Additionally, responses can include any additional product that may be beneficial. These items must be clearly identified by brand name and part number. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice shall include the following: Does vendor offer an annual service plan, Yes or No? If Yes: What does the plan cover? Does plan cover software updates only? Does the plan cover parts repair or replacement only? Does the plan cover both software and parts? Vendors are requested to provide documentation that shows information on their service plan. Is the service provided by the OEM or a subcontractor? Full name and address of company CAGE Code/ SAM UIE Business Size Manufacturer or Distributor If the distributor provides full name, business size and address of manufacturer. Country of Origin designation for all products Ability to provide uninterrupted supply of products on a national scale. Technical Literature that clearly shows product(s) meets the identified salient characteristics and page numbers where each salient characteristic is met. Any additional product solution or configuration that would be beneficial to the clinical functionality of the product line identified. Authorized Distributor Letter Certified by OEM with a current date. Although not required, vendors responding to this Sources Sought may also submit a Capabilities Statement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jalima J. Jones
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Jalima.Jones@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/77ec4652fd6e418b9c046f6f9bdd5015/view)