---
layout: default
title: USCGC ANVIL WATER MIST SYSTEM
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: bce6fd3f2520431db52eb0fa8b9ebbb1
---

# USCGC ANVIL WATER MIST SYSTEM

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-14 12:16:22.884-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z08526Q002495

## Summary

NOTICE OF INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE 70Z08526Q002495 The Department of Homeland Security {DHS}, United States Coast Guard {USCG} Surface Forces Logistics Center {SFLC}, located at 1 Eagle Road Bldg. 55, Alameda CA 94501 is issuing this Notice of Intent {NOI} to inform industry contractors of the Government's intent to Award a Sole Source Firm Fixed Price {FFP} Contract IAW Federal Acquisition Regulation {FAR} Part 12 and 13 procedures. The intended Contractor ASSOCIATED FIRE PROTECTION, 4905 South 97th St, Omaha, NE, 68127 United States. USCG SFLC requires: USCGC ANVIL, water mist system upgrade. This procurement is being conducted using commercial item procedures pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulation {FAR} Part 12 and FAR Part 13, specifically FAR 13.106-1{b}{1}, allowing the Contracting Officer {KO} to solicit from one source. The North American Industry Classification System {NAICS} for this requirement is 336611 - Ship Building and Repairing. The Product of Service Code for this requirement is 2090. This will not be a small business under the Small Business Administration {SBA} size standard for this sector. This notice of intent is neither a formal solicitation nor a request for competitive proposals. No solicitation document is available, and telephone requests will not be honored. No award will be made on the basis of unsolicited quotations or offers received in response to this notice. Any response to this notice must show clear, compelling and convincing evidence that competition will be advantageous to the Government. The intent of this synopsis is for informational purposes only. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct competitive procurement. A determination by the Government not to complete this action based on this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All inquiries and concerns must be addressed in writing via e-mail to Mr. Sean McTague at Sean.P.McTague@uscg.mil with the following information referenced in the subject line, Solicitation 70Z08526Q002495. A determination by the Government not to complete this proposed procurement based on the responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct competitive procurement. All interested parties who are responsible, certified, and capable may identify their interest and may submit an offer or quotation which shall be considered by the agency no later than 8:00 AM Pacific Time {PST} on April 28, 2026, to Mr. McTague at Sean.P.McTague@uscg.mil The interested parties bear full responsibility to ensure complete transmission and timely receipt. STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) FOR USCGC ANVIL Marioff Hi-Fog MAU-150 Upgrade ANVIL has an immediate need for replacement of their current engine room fire fighting system with the Marioff Hi-fog MAU-150 Water Mist Fire Suppression System. 1. SCOPE

1.1 Intent. This work item describes the requirements for the Contractor to provide labor and materials to install a complete Water Mist fire suppression system to protect the Engine Room. This installation also includes piping provisions for supplying the Water Mist fire suppression system with potable water.

1.2 Government-furnished property. MTI ITEM DESCRIPTION NSN/PN QTY ESTIMATED COST ($/UNIT) N Water Mist Fire Suppression System EU2150 – MAU150 1 ea. 100,000.00 *Government-loaned property, which shall be returned to the vessel upon completion of the availability. **New or refurbished equipment that the Government may provide for installation in place of existing equipment. ***Government-furnished property, which is to be supplied by either the vessel or the C4IT Service Center. 2. REFERENCES Coast Guard Drawings Coast Guard Drawing 75C-WLR-1112-001, Rev B, FOUNDATION FOR MARIOFF WATER MIST SYSTEM Coast Guard Drawing 75C -WLR-4803-001, Rev C, ENGINE ROOM WATER MIST SYSTEM A&D Coast Guard Drawing 75C -WLR-4803-002, Rev -, MARIOFF ENG RM WATER MIST FIRE SUPPRESSION SYSTEM Coast Guard Publications Surface Forces Logistics Center Standard Specification 0000, (SFLC Std Spec 0000) 2018 Edition, General Requirements Surface Forces Logistics Center Standard Specification 0740, (SFLC Std Spec 0740) 2018 Edition, Welding and Allied Processes Surface Forces Logistics Center Standard Specification 3041, (SFLC Std Spec 3041) 2018 Edition, Shipboard Electrical Cable Test Surface Forces Logistics Center Standard Specification 3042, (SFLC Std Spec 3042) 2018 Edition, Shipboard Electrical Cable Removal, Relocation, Splice, Repair and Installation Surface Forces Logistics Center Standard Specification 6310, (SFLC Std Spec 6310) 2018 Edition, Requirements for Preservation of Ship Structures Surface Forces Logistics Center Standard Specification 8636, (SFLC Std Spec 8636) 2018 Edition, Temporary Hull Accesses Other References HI FOG WATER MIST FIRE PROTECTION SYSTEM MANUAL (MARIOFF), DOCUMENT CODE DOC0002166E Manufacturers Standardization Society of the Valve and Fittings Industry (MSS) SP-58, 2009, Pipe Hangers and Supports - Materials, Design, Manufacture, Selection, Application, And Installation 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 General. 3.1.1 CIR. None. 3.1.2 Tech Rep. Contractor shall provide the services of OEM authorized/ licensed Tech Rep, for the Marioff Hi Fog MAU water Mist Fire Suppression System, to accomplish the following tasks: Provide manufacturer's proprietary information, software, and tools pertinent to the equipment/system (consultation not mandatory to be on site). Test and Certify final installation (on-site). 3.1.3 Protective measures. The Contractor shall furnish and install all protective coverings to seal off and protect all non-affected vessel's components, equipment, and spaces near the work area against contamination during the performance of work. Upon completion of work, the Contractor shall remove all installed protective measures, inspect for the presence of contamination, and return all contaminated equipment, components, and spaces to original condition of cleanliness. 3.1.4 Interferences. The Contractor shall handle all interferences in accordance with SFLC Std Spec 0000, paragraph 3.3.5 (Interferences). Known interferences include, but are not limited to the following: Piping Bulkhead insulation Deck Plates & Boundary Angle Cableways and transits Electrical panels

3.2 Water Mist Fire Suppression System Installation. The Contractor shall install all components of the new Water Mist system as follows:. 3.2.1 Removals. 3.2.1.1 The Contractor shall package, ship, or dispose all removed components as designated by the Coast Guard Inspector. The Contractor shall perform the following: 3.2.1.2 Existing CO? System Removal. The Contractor shall remove the existing fixed fire-fighting CO? system in the Fidley including, but not limited to, the cylinders, foundation, hoses, supports and piping using Coast Guard Drawing 75C-WLR-4803-001. 3.2.2 Material List. 3.2.2.1 Both CG DWGs 75C-WLR-4803-001 and 75C-WLR-4803-002, have lists of "Installer Supplied Materials" and "Vendor Supplied Materials (GFE)". To be clear for the purpose of this specification Installer Supplied Material is the same as Contractor Furnished. To be clear for the purpose of this specification Vendor Supplied Material is the same as Government Furnished (and is what is included in

1.1 Government Furnished Property) 3.2.3 Structural modifications and installations. 3.2.3.1 Temporary access opening. Upon obtaining specific express written permission from the Contracting Officer, the Contractor shall cut temporary access openings as designated by the Coast Guard Inspector to facilitate ingress/egress of equipment as necessary. Perform all required work for opening the access and reinstallation of closure plates in accordance with SFLC Std Spec 8636, Temporary Hull Accesses. 3.2.3.2 Structural Foundations. The Contractor shall fabricate and install the structural foundations for the new Water Mist Unit in accordance with CG DWG 75C-WLR-1112-001. 3.2.3.3 Deck Plates & Boundary Angle. The Contractor shall modify deck plates and boundary angles in way of Water Mist System components. 3.2.4 Mechanical modifications and installations. 3.2.4.1 Potable Water Supply. The Contractor shall install a new Potable Water supply piping line from the Engine Room to the Forward Hold in accordance with CG DWG 75C-WLR-4803-001 and 75C-WLR-4803-002. 3.2.4.2 Water Mist Assembly. The Contractor shall install the new Water Mist System, including the MAU, the Nitrogen bottle and all associated components located in the Forward Hold, in accordance with CG DWGs 75C-WLR-4803-001, 75C-WLR-4803-002 and 75C-WLR-1112-001. 3.2.4.3 Water Mist distribution piping. The Contractor shall provide and install Water Mist distribution piping and spray heads for the Engine Room in accordance with Coast Guard Drawing 75C-WLR-4803-001 and 75C-WLR-4803-002. 3.2.4.4 Perform all weld in accordance with (SFLC Std Spec) 0740, Welding and Allied Processes. 3.2.4.5 When and where necessary, fabricate and install new pipe hangers in way of the permanently discarded hangers in accordance with MSS SP-58. Remove any old discontinued pipe hangars no longer used. These hangars would be in addition to the ones required by general Note 3. of 75C-WLR-4803-001. 3.2.4.6 Shop fabrication, cleaning, flushing and testing of assemblies is permissible and even preferable. 3.2.5 Electrical modifications and installations. 3.2.5.1 Control Panel Installation. The Contractor shall install the flush mounted Water Mist System Control Panel on the Longitudinal Bulkhead within the STBD Passage (Main Deck), leading into the Log Office, in accordance with CG Dwg 75C-WLR-1112-001. Exact location of panel to be determined at the time of installation. 3.2.5.2 Electrical Installation. The contractor shall install new wiring between the Control Panel in the main deck passage and the Water Mist Unit in the Forward Hold, in accordance with CG Dwg 75C-WLR-4803-002. 3.2.5.3 Electrical requirements. The Contractor shall accomplish all electrical work in accordance with SFLC Std Spec 3042, Shipboard Electrical Cable Removal, Relocation, Splice, Repair and Installation and test cables in accordance with SFLC Std Spec 3041, Shipboard Electrical Cable Test, and MIL-STD 2003A, Electric Plant Installation Standard Methods for Surface Ships and Submarines. 3.2.5.4 Electrical cabling requirements. The Contractor shall ensure that all electrical cables are zero Halogen and low smoke type in accordance with requirements set forth in Naval Ships Technical Manual (NSTM) Chapter 300, Electric Plant-General.

3.3 Pipe flushing. After all authorized work is completed; the Contractor shall accomplish the following: 3.3.1 Flush all new and disturbed piping with clean fresh water until all debris is removed but not longer than five minutes. Ensure flushing fluid is directed to move scale and foreign debris away from installed machinery to prevent possible damage upon operational testing. Submit a CFR documenting date and time of flushing process and level of pipe cleanliness. Blow dry all flushed piping with dry, low-pressure air. Ensure all water is removed to prevent contamination of the piping systems. 3.3.2 Dispose of flushing fluid in accordance with all applicable Federal, state, and local regulations. Warning Do not drain any fluids including fresh water, into any space, bilge, or exterior location..

3.4 Hydrostatic test. After all authorized repairs of welded joints, the Contractor shall hydrostatically test all new and disturbed piping and components of the system in accordance with SFLC Std Spec 0740, Appendix C, “Hydrostatic Test”. Be aware that no leakage or permanent deformation of pressure-containing parts is permissible. Repair all leaks and discrepancies found. Submit a CFR. Test Notes of CG DWG 75C-WLR-4803-001 provides more amplifying information concerning hydrostatic testing. 3.4.1 After hydrostatic testing, test piping for operation and unobstructed flow

3.5 Touch-up preservation, general. The Contractor shall prepare and coat all new and disturbed gooseneck vent pipe surfaces, as applicable, to match existing adjacent surfaces in accordance with SFLC Std Spec 6310, paragraph 3.1.13 (Touch-ups and minor coating repairs.)

3.6 Certification and Crew Training. 3.6.1 At conclusion of all work and in the company of USCG Inspectors, the system shall be fully tested and shall be certified operational by a qualified Marioff Representative (Tech Rep). 3.6.2 The Tech Rep shall provide onboard training of the ship’s personnel for the watermist system installed. The training shall include but is not limited to: a. review of monitoring and actuation procedures b. system recharging c. maintenance procedures OTHER APPLICABLE CONDITIONS

4.1 PERIOD of Performance The period of performance for this contract shall not exceed 120 calendar days from the date of award.

4.2 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The primary place of performance will be at CGC ANVIL home port, 196 Tradd St. Charleston, SC 29401

4.3 HOURS OF OPERATION Contractor employees shall generally perform all work between the hours of 0730 and 1600 EST, Monday through Friday (except Federal holidays). However, there may be occasions when Contractor employees shall be required to work other than normal business hours, including weekends and holidays, to fulfill requirements under this SOW. Precise times may be negotiated with the cutter Engineer Petty Officer (EPO) as scheduling is subject to ship’s operations.

4.4 TRAVEL Contractor travel may be required to support this requirement.

4.5 Daily Progress Reports The Contractor shall hold a daily progress meeting with the Engineer Petty Officer and/or Commanding Officer upon arrival at the asset each morning of the visit. This report shall include a summary of all Contractor work performed, an assessment of technical progress, schedule status, and discuss any hazardous work conditions or necessary precautions the crew need to be made aware of prior to commencing work.

4.6 General Report Requirements The Contractor shall provide all written reports in electronic format with read/write capability using applications that are compatible with DHS workstations (Windows and Microsoft Office Applications).

5.0 GOVERNMENT FURNISHED RESOURCES Listed in section 1.2

6.0 CONTRACTOR FURNISHED PROPERTY The Contractor shall furnish all materials, equipment, and services necessary to fulfill the requirements of this contract, except for the Government Furnished Resources specified in Section 5.0. GOVERNMENT ACCEPTANCE PERIOD The EPO will inspect deliverables prior to acceptance and provide the contractor with an e-mail that provides documented reasons for non-acceptance. If the deliverable is acceptable, the EPO will send an e-mail to the Contractor notifying it that the deliverable has been accepted.

8.0 DELIVERABLES The Contractor shall provide a trip report once project is completed.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: McTague, Sean
  - Email: Sean.P.McTague@uscg.mil
  - Phone: 15716143888
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: ULISES BALMACEDA
  - Email: Ulises.O.Balmaceda@uscg.mil
  - Phone: 2068200307

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , “Hydrostatic Test”. Be aware that no leakage or permanent deformation of pressure-containing parts is permissible. Repair all leaks and discrepancies found. Submit a CFR. Test Notes of CG DWG 75C-WLR-4803-001 provides more amplifying information concerning hydrostatic testing. 3.4.1 After hydrostatic testing, test piping for operation and unobstructed flow

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bce6fd3f2520431db52eb0fa8b9ebbb1/view)