---
layout: default
title: Shooting Range Maintenance (Annual/Quarterly Maintenance and Cleaning) - Combined Synopsis/Solicitation - Niagara Falls ARS, Niagara Falls, NY
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 4e0772a918f54b8686f24ccde7107569
---

# Shooting Range Maintenance (Annual/Quarterly Maintenance and Cleaning) - Combined Synopsis/Solicitation - Niagara Falls ARS, Niagara Falls, NY

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-20 14:05:47.082-04
- Solicitation Number: FA667026Q0003

## Summary

Department of the Air Force Niagara Falls ARS Requirement Title: Range Maintenance and Cleaning Solicitation Number: FA667026Q0003 Solicitation Issue Date: 20 April 2026 Response Deadline: 20 May 2026, 1:00 pm EDT Point(s) of Contact: Matthew Crum, Contracting Officer Email Address: matthew.crum.9@us.af.mil Alternate POC: N/A General Information This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs. Only firm fixed price offers will be evaluated. 1. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through: - Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 - Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation change 11/10/2025 2. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The North American Industry Size Classification System (NAICS) code associated with this requirement is 562910. The Small Business Size Standard associated with this NAICS is $25.0 million. 3. Business must have current active registration with the System for Award Management (SAM) in order to receive award. SAM registration can be initiated at: https://sam.gov/content/entity-registration Requirement Information Solicitation Number FA667026Q0003 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) for: Range Maintenance and Cleaning at Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station (NFARS). Maintenance and cleaning will be performed at Building 427, a small arms firing range located on NFARS, Niagara Falls, NY. Services include initial facility cleaning, quarterly and annual maintenance for bullet trap systems, bullet trap dust collection unit, range exhaust fans, target systems, air compressor as well as testing and balancing for the facility. Contractor must review attached Performance Work Statement (PWS) for full requirement details. This requirement will be established as a firm fixed price contract. This solicitation includes the following attachments: Attachment 1 – ISWM (Refuse-Recycling) NFARS PWS (15 Jul 25) Attachment 2 – Service Contract Act WD # 2015-4147 Rev 34 Attachment 3 – Example Bid Schedule Place of Delivery/Performance/Acceptance/FOB Point: F.O.B. Destination; Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station, NY Anticipated Period of Performance: Base Year 1 August 2026 – 31 July 2027 Option Year 1 1 August 2027 – 31 July 2028 Option Year 2 1 August 2028 – 31 July 2029 Option Year 3 1 August 2029 – 31 July 2030 Option Year 4 1 August 2030 – 31 July 2031 Site visit: A site visit is available to take place on 5 May 2026 at 1:00 PM EDT. Offerors who wish to attend must contact the contracting office and provide the attached Entry Authorization List completed with attending members information no later than 1 May 2026 at 1:00 PM EDT. Contractors are limited to a maximum of 2 members attending the site visit. Site visit will take place at Building 427 at Niagara Falls ARS, Niagara Falls, NY. Contractors should contact the contracting office if they have any questions. Instructions to Offerors To be considered responsive, offerors must submit the following via e-mail by the RFQ Deadline: Quote Technical Proposal Past Performance Information Quote – Offeror may utilize the attached Bid Schedule for their quote. If an offeror elects to utilize their own bid schedule, it must utilize elements listed in the attached bid schedule to allow payments to be broken out into base year servicing, annual servicing and quarterly servicing for payment. Technical Proposal – Offeror must include a technical capability statement detailing their capabilities to meet the PWS. Statement should include enough detail for evaluators to determine whether the contractor has the capability to perform the work required. Technical proposal should ensure it encompasses all aspects of maintenance and cleaning as described in the PWS. Past Performance Information – Offeror must provide no less than 2 and no more than 4 examples of past performance on projects similar in scope and nature. Past performance examples should have taken place in the last 7 years. Only firm fixed price offers will be evaluated. To be eligible to receive an award resulting from this solicitation, Offeror must also have the NAICS code associated with this RFQ indicated on their SAM record. This notice does not obligate the Government to award the contract; It does not restrict the Government's ultimate approach, nor does it obligate the Government to pay for any quote preparation costs. Vendors who wish to respond to this notice must send responses NLT 20 May 2026 at 1:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time (EDT) via email (subject: RFQ FA667026Q0003) to Matthew Crum at matthew.crum.9@us.af.mil. Quotations must meet all instructions put forth in this solicitation. No phone calls will be accepted for this RFQ. Any questions relating to this solicitation must be submitted in writing to the contracting office. For questions, please contact the POCs listed above. Evaluation Criteria This is a competitive commercial acquisition. The Government intends to award a single delivery order resulting from this RFQ to the responsive, responsible offeror whose quote conforms to the RFQ, selected according to the following evaluation criteria. Price: Price will be evaluated by calculating a Total Evaluated Price (TEP) for each offer. TEP is the total price the contractor provides for the base year and all option years as well as ½ the cost for Option Year 4 (representing the potential 6-month execution of FAR Clause 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services). The calculation for TEP is as follows: TEP = Total Price for Base Year and All Option Years + (Price for Option Year 4 * 0.5) Technical Acceptability: Technical acceptability will be determined by review of the contractor’s technical proposal. Proposal will be evaluated to determine that contractor capabilities are sufficient to provide the services as stated in the PWS. A proposal that shows a contractor is capable of meeting the requirements of the PWS will be determined to be Acceptable. A proposal that fails to show a contractor is capable of meeting, fails to understand, or fails provide enough information to evaluate the contractors understanding of the requirements of the PWS will be determined to be Unacceptable. Past Performance: Past performance will be evaluated by reviewing the 2 to 4 past performance examples provided by the contractor. Past performance will be reviewed for recency (within the last 7 years) and demonstration of the successful execution of projects similar in nature to the one requested under this solicitation. Past performance that is found to be recent and shows successful execution of at least 2 projects similar in nature to the one requested under this solicitation will be determined to be Acceptable. Past performance that is found to not be recent, not show successful execution of at least 2 projects similar in nature to the one requested under this solicitation, or fails to show both of these requirements will be determined to be Unacceptable. The government intends to complete evaluation of offers without conducting negotiations but reserves the right to open negotiations if the Contracting Officer determines it to be necessary. The Government will select for award the responsible offeror who’s proposal has the lowest TEP with Acceptable ratings for both Technical Acceptability and Past Performance. SEE ATTACHED RFQ FOR FULL COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION INCLUDING APPLICABLE CLAUSES AND PROVISIONS.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew Crum
  - Email: matthew.crum.9@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7162362213

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – ISWM (Refuse-Recycling) NFARS PWS (15 Jul 25) Attachment 2 – Service Contract Act WD # 2015-4147 Rev 34 Attachment 3 – Example Bid Schedule Place of Delivery/Performance/Acceptance/FOB Point: F.O.B. Destination; Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station, NY Anticipated Period of Performance: Base Year 1 August 2026 – 31 July 2027 Option Year 1 1 August 2027 – 31 July 2028 Option Year 2 1 August 2028 – 31 July 2029 Option Year 3 1 August 2029 – 31 July 2030 Option Year 4 1 August 2030 – 31 July 2031 Site visit: A site visit is available to take place on 5 May 2026 at 1:00 PM EDT. Offerors who wish to attend must contact the contracting office and provide the attached Entry Authorization List completed with attending members information no later than 1 May 2026 at 1:00 PM EDT. Contractors are limited to a maximum of 2 members attending the site visit. Site visit will take place at Building 427 at Niagara Falls ARS, Niagara Falls, NY. Contractors should contact the contracting office if they have any questions. Instructions to Offerors To be considered responsive, offerors must submit the following via e-mail by the RFQ Deadline: Quote Technical Proposal Past Performance Information Quote – Offeror may utilize the attached Bid Schedule for their quote. If an offeror elects to utilize their own bid schedule, it must utilize elements listed in the attached bid schedule to allow payments to be broken out into base year servicing, annual servicing and quarterly servicing for payment. Technical Proposal – Offeror must include a technical capability statement detailing their capabilities to meet the PWS. Statement should include enough detail for evaluators to determine whether the contractor has the capability to perform the work required. Technical proposal should ensure it encompasses all aspects of maintenance and cleaning as described in the PWS. Past Performance Information – Offeror must provide no less than 2 and no more than 4 examples of past performance on projects similar in scope and nature. Past performance examples should have taken place in the last 7 years. Only firm fixed price offers will be evaluated. To be eligible to receive an award resulting from this solicitation, Offeror must also have the NAICS code associated with this RFQ indicated on their SAM record. This notice does not obligate the Government to award the contract; It does not restrict the Government"s ultimate approach, nor does it obligate the Government to pay for any quote preparation costs. Vendors who wish to respond to this notice must send responses NLT 20 May 2026 at 1:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time (EDT) via email (subject: RFQ FA667026Q0003) to Matthew Crum at matthew.crum.9@us.af.mil. Quotations must meet all instructions put forth in this solicitation. No phone calls will be accepted for this RFQ. Any questions relating to this solicitation must be submitted in writing to the contracting office. For questions, please contact the POCs listed above. Evaluation Criteria This is a competitive commercial acquisition. The Government intends to award a single delivery order resulting from this RFQ to the responsive, responsible offeror whose quote conforms to the RFQ, selected according to the following evaluation criteria. Price: Price will be evaluated by calculating a Total Evaluated Price (TEP) for each offer. TEP is the total price the contractor provides for the base year and all option years as well as ½ the cost for Option Year 4 (representing the potential 6-month execution of FAR Clause 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services). The calculation for TEP is as follows: TEP = Total Price for Base Year and All Option Years + (Price for Option Year 4 * 0.5) Technical Acceptability: Technical acceptability will be determined by review of the contractor’s technical proposal. Proposal will be evaluated to determine that contractor capabilities are sufficient to provide the services as stated in the PWS. A proposal that shows a contractor is capable of meeting the requirements of the PWS will be determined to be Acceptable. A proposal that fails to show a contractor is capable of meeting, fails to understand, or fails provide enough information to evaluate the contractors understanding of the requirements of the PWS will be determined to be Unacceptable. Past Performance: Past performance will be evaluated by reviewing the 2 to 4 past performance examples provided by the contractor. Past performance will be reviewed for recency (within the last 7 years) and demonstration of the successful execution of projects similar in nature to the one requested under this solicitation. Past performance that is found to be recent and shows successful execution of at least 2 projects similar in nature to the one requested under this solicitation will be determined to be Acceptable. Past performance that is found to not be recent, not show successful execution of at least 2 projects similar in nature to the one requested under this solicitation, or fails to show both of these requirements will be determined to be Unacceptable. The government intends to complete evaluation of offers without conducting negotiations but reserves the right to open negotiations if the Contracting Officer determines it to be necessary. The Government will select for award the responsible offeror who’s proposal has the lowest TEP with Acceptable ratings for both Technical Acceptability and Past Performance. SEE ATTACHED RFQ FOR FULL COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION INCLUDING APPLICABLE CLAUSES AND PROVISIONS

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4e0772a918f54b8686f24ccde7107569/view)