---
layout: default
title: Brand Name or Equal Solo Rescue Self Contained Breathing Apparatus (SCBA) Pack Decon Washer
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: ab89d8fbd7d64066b4602f3b7b30c49c
---

# Brand Name or Equal Solo Rescue Self Contained Breathing Apparatus (SCBA) Pack Decon Washer

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 11:16:21.365-04
- Solicitation Number: FA461326Q0005

## Summary

This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation/notice; responses/quotes are being requested, further written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation will be posted to the SAM.gov as a Total Small Business Set Aside. The 90th Contracting Squadron is issuing this combined synopsis/solicitation, FA461326Q0005, as a Request for Quote using FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Item, & FAR Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 333310, with a small business standard of 1,000 Employees. The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed-Price Commercial Award. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 2025-06 effective 01 October 2025, Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) effective 10 November 2025 and Department of the Air Force Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DAFFARS) effective 16 October 2024. The Contract period of performance will be required to be completed within 90 calendar days after Receipt of Contract. Tha Contractor shall provide and deliver the items in the CLIN structure to F.E. Warren AFB, WY. This is a brand name or equal requirement with manufacture warranty required. Per FAR 4.1102, offerors are required to be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) at time of submission of quote and remain active until the time of award. Failure to do so will result in the offer being deemed ineligible for the award. Responses/quotes MUST be sent to the following individuals via e-mail only: megan.evans.3@us.af.mil and liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil. Late quotes will not be accepted. Quotation deadline is 11:00 am MDT, Wednesday, 18 March 2026. Quotes must be valid for 60 calendar days. INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS: Offerors shall comply with FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023) FAR 52.212-1 is hereby tailored as follows: 1. Any inconsistency between FAR Provision 52.212-1 and the Addendum to FAR 52.212-1 shall be solved by giving precedence to the Addendum to FAR 52.212-1. 2. After receipt of quotes the Government may, with or without notice, negotiate with and, if desired, seek quote revisions from as many or as few quoters as it, in its discretion, deems appropriate. 3. The term "offeror" or "offer" as used in FAR 52.212-1 shall be understood to mean "quoter" and "quote," respectively. Further, the term "award" shall be understood to describe the Government's issuance of an order. 4. The Government will consider all quotes that are timely received and will not consider late quotes. Failure of a quote to address any items required in the submission package may make a quote unacceptable. 5. Paragraph (b) of FAR Provision 52.212-1, Submission of Offers, is amended as follows: 5.1. In addition to the quote submission requirements stated in FAR provision 52.212-1, quoters shall provide the following, as part of the quote submission package, no later than the required time and date for quote submission: 5.1.1. Cover Page to include the following 5.1.1.1. Company Name and Company Doing Business As (if applicable) 5.1.1.2. Physical Address 5.1.1.3. Cage code and/or Unique Entity ID 5.1.1.4. Point of Contact 5.1.1.5. Phone number 5.1.1.6. Email address 5.1.1.7. Business Type 5.1.2. Firm Fixed Pricing to include: 5.1.2.1. Price Per CLIN 5.1.2.2. Total Price 5.1.2.3. Discount Terms (if applicable) 5.1.2.4. Quote Number (if applicable) 5.1.2.5. Quote Valid Until Date 5.1.3. Technical 5.1.3.1. Offeror shall provide the brand name product identified in the CLIN structure. Quote shall include the make and model of the product being offered. 5.1.3.2. Offeror shall include delivery in the quote. 5.1.3.3. Quote shall include delivery lead time in days from award of contract. The number of days after award of contract for delivery and installation shall match or be shorter than the requested delivery/installation completion identified in this solicitation. EVALUATION: ADDENDUM TO FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (Nov 2021) Paragraph (a) is hereby replaced with the following: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforms to the solicitation and will be most advantageous to the Government representing the best value with price and other factors considered. Government has determined that best value is expected to result from selection of the technically acceptable offer with the lowest Total Evaluated Price (TEP); therefore, Government will evaluate offers based on lowest price technically acceptable (LPTA). Award will be made on the basis of the lowest price of offerors meeting or exceeding the acceptability standards for non-price factors. Quotes that do not include all requested information in FAR 52.212-1 in 5.1. will be considered nonresponsive. The following factor(s) shall be used to evaluate offers: Price: Government will rank offers received by lowest price and will then determine Technical Acceptability of each offer. If the Government receives three (3) quotes or fewer, all quotes will be evaluated for Technical Acceptability. If the Government receives more than three (3) quotes, the Government will only select the three (3) lowest priced quotes to evaluate for Technical Acceptability. If any of the three lowest priced quotes are deemed Technically Unacceptable, the Government reserves the right to evaluate additional quotes for technical acceptability if it is determined to be in the Government's best interest. Pricing must meet the requirements/specifications in FAR 52.212-1 in 5.1.2. No additional information from the offeror will be required if the price is based on adequate price competition. In the event adequate price competition does not exist, the contracting officer will obtain information from the offeror to the extent required to determine the reasonableness of the offered prices. A price is reasonable if, in its nature and amount, it does not exceed that which would be incurred by a prudent person in the conduct of competitive business. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to ensure a fair and reasonable price. Some of those techniques are, but not limited to, comparison of quoted prices received in response to the solicitation and/or comparison of quoted prices with the Independent Government Estimate. To be eligible for award an offeror's price must be determined fair and reasonable. 2.1. Non-Price - Technical Evaluation 2.1.1. Items offered must meet the Government requirement of FAR 52.212-1 in 5.1.3.1. If item does not meet the requirement, the Government will determine the quote unacceptable. 2.1.2. Quotes delivery shall meet the requirement of FAR 52.212-1 in 5.1.3.3. If the delivery/installation number of days after award of contract is not equal to or less than the number of days identified in this solicitation, the Government will determine the quote unacceptable.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Megan Evans
  - Email: megan.evans.3@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077736645
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Liezel McIntyre
  - Email: liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077733411

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ab89d8fbd7d64066b4602f3b7b30c49c/view)