---
layout: default
title: VALVE,REGULATING,FL
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: cc90565ddbae4582a93c0241a69338dd
---

# VALVE,REGULATING,FL

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 17:46:10.478-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRMM126QKA71

## Summary

HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (NAVICP REVIEW FEB 1991)(FEB 1999)|1|ISO9001| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| PRODUCTION LOT TESTING|1|| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|x||x|||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice and Receiving Report||TBD|SPRMM1|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||||| WARRANTY OF DATA--BASIC (MAR 2014)|2||| FIRST ARTICLE APPROVAL--CONTRACTOR TESTING (SEP 1989)|10||||||||||| FIRST ARTICLE APPROVAL--GOVERNMENT TESTING (SEP 1989)|7|||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|x|x|x|||x|||||||| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|332919|750 employees|x|x|||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||x| EVALUATION OF FIRST ARTICLE TESTING|3|||| The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation due date to 23 JAN 2026. All other terms and conditions remain the same. \ 1. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, Delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 2. Drawings or technical data are not available for this item. 3. Delivery days_________aro. 4. Offer valid for _____ days. 5. When submitting quotes via EDI, make sure you specify any exceptions (i.e. Mil specs/standards, packaging, I&A, packaging houses etc) or follow up with a hardcopy of the exceptions. If nothing is indicated or received, award will be based upon solicitation requirements. Changes or requests for changes after award will have consideration costs deducted on modifications. 6. If you are not the manufacturer of the material you are offering, you must state who the OEM is (cage code) and the part number you are offering. 7. Please provide an email address for follow up communications. ____________________________________________________________ 8. It is recommended that vendors provide contact information to NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg in order to receive automated notifications from Navy Electronic Commerce Online (NECO) when contracts/modifications are issued by DLA Maritime Mechanicsburg and posted on EDA. To receive these notifications, contact: NAVSUPWSS code 025, procurement systems design and contract support division Via email at NAVSUPWSSITIMPHelpdesk@navy.mil. Please include the following information with your request: CAGE code, company name, address and POC with phone number and email address. 9. Contractors can view their orders, contracts and modifications at the Electronic Document Access (EDA) web tool. This web tool is located at the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website. It is recommended that the contractor register for EDA at https://piee.eb.mil/. Click on new user and registration. Any order resulting from this Request for Quotation will require electronic submittal of Receiving Report and Invoices through PIEE-WAWF. 10. The following DLA Procurement Notes are applicable to this requirement: E06 Inspection and Acceptance at Source (JUN 2018) INSPECTION OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ INSPECTION OF PACKAGING AND FINAL ACCEPTANCE OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ UCF SECTION F PRODUCTION FACILITY CHANGES (a) The performance of any of the work contracted for in any place other than that named in the contract is prohibited unless specifically approved by the Contracting Officer. Written requests for a change in production facilities must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Officer. Changes in production facilities may be approved, provided: (1) Performance by small business or in labor surplus areas as required by the contract will not be changed; (2) The change will not cause a delay in delivery or necessitate a change in the purchase description; (3) The free on board (f.o.b.) point is not changed; and (4) Each request is supported by a price reduction of $250.00 to cover the Government's administrative costs to process the change. (b) The Government reserves the right to deny approval even if these four elements are met. This requirement requires Higher Level Inspection. If there are any conflicts with PLT or FAT, the Navy procedures supersed, as the Navy owns the process. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the VALVE,REGULATING,FL . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.1.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 2.3 ;Requests for additional government-owned documents should be submitted in writing to the contract officer responsible for the applicable order. Release of drawings or other documents will be approved and handled by the technical community for the system.; DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |N |121116|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |160921|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Design, Manufacture, and Performance - Except as modified herein, the VALVE,REGULATING,FL furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the design, manufacture, and performance requirements specified on drawing ;5497337, part number 5497337-59 ; cage ;53711; .

3.2 First Article Approval (Contractor Testing) - First Article Test (FAT) and approval is required.

3.3 First Article Approval (Government Testing) - First Article Test (FAT) and approval is required.

3.4 Production Lot Approval (Contractor Testing) - Production Lot Test and approval is required.

3.5 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

3.6 Soldering - The requirements for soldered electrical and electronic assemblies shall conform to IPC J-STD-001, Class ;3; . 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 First Article Test/Inspection (Contractor) - The Contractor shall conduct ;non-destructive; First Article Test/Inspection on ;one; unit(s) in accordance with requirements ;for acceptance of material on drawings; .

4.3 First Article Compatibility Test (Government) - Upon satisfactory completion of the First Article Test/Inspection by the Contractor, ;one; unit(s) shall be shipped to ;NSWC-PHD, MK41 VLS group; for compatibility test to assure satisfactory, form, fit and function within the applicable end item or system. Government First Article Compatibility Test shall consist of ;non-destructive; testing. If the testing is nondestructive, the first article sample ;will; be returned.//

4.4 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies.

4.5 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.6 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 4.7 ;First Article Test/inspection report- the contractor shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with the Contract data Requirements List (DD Form 1423) The report shall be approved prior to production.; 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS.

6.2 Notice To Distributors/Offerors - Consideration for award of contract shall be given only to authorized distributors of the original manufacturer's item represented in this solicitation. If you desire to be considered as a potential source for award of this contract, proof of being an authorized distributor shall be provided on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official and sent with your offer to the Procurement Contracting Officer.

6.3 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161. Manufacturing sources interested in becoming qualified for support of future requirements for this item should submit their interest in writing to the Contract Officer, to include a summary of the company's applicable capabilities. This will be forwarded to the appropriate point of contact at NSWC, PHD for evaluation. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ Block 12 - Submit for approval prior to production. Block 14A - The deliverable item specified as information copy shall be boldly marked as "Information Only". Block 14 - Port Hueneme Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center, ;MK 41 VLS Engineering Activity ; ,Port Hueneme, CA 93043-5007. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=045 DAC Block 12 - Submit for approval prior to production. Block 14A - The deliverable item specified as information copy shall be boldly marked as "Information Only". Block 14 - Port Hueneme Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center, ;MK 41 VLS Engineering Activity ; ,Port Hueneme, CA 93043-5007. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ 100% INSPECTION IS REQUIRED DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;GOVERNMENT COMPATIBILITY TESTING TO BE COMPLETED 45 DAYS FROM RECEIPT OF FAT UNIT / TEST REPORT FROM CONTRACTOR. ; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ Request for Waiver- Prior submission Based on past successful delivery of material on contracts

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Electronic Mail: CERRILL.MCMEEKIN@DLA.MIL
  - Email: CERRILL.MCMEEKIN@DLA.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cc90565ddbae4582a93c0241a69338dd/view)