---
layout: default
title: Y1DA--531-25-102 | Expand Emergency Room | Sources Sought
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e36ad1faf8de4d2d9ccee677d9e696cd
---

# Y1DA--531-25-102 | Expand Emergency Room | Sources Sought

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-23 16:57:53.532-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0476
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 2 of 2 *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 2 Introduction The US Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Veterans Health Administration s (VHA) Network Contracting Office 20 (NCO20), supporting Boise VA Medical Center (BVAMC), is seeking potential sources for an upcoming requirement to expand the BVAMC Emergency Department (ED), as further specified in the Statement of Work (SOW) for BVAMC Project No. 531-25-102 - Expand Emergency Room dated March 4, 2026. This notice is a market research tool and has not been set-aside for any small business category, however the notice is issued to determine appropriate set-aside categories. Responses to this notice, in conjunction with other Government market research resources, will be used by the contracting officer to determine the applicable socio-economic set-aside for the procurement. Failure to respond to this notice will not impact consideration of construction services companies (or joint ventures) which otherwise meet set-aside requirements and submit responses to the follow-up public announcement. Once the appropriate set-aside is determined, a separate public announcement requesting offers/proposals will be publicized on Contract Opportunities in accordance with FAR 36.213-2. This requirement is in accordance with the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul. General Project Description and NAICS Synopsis of required services (See attachment for full statement of work, identified above): The requirement is to be accomplished in 2 Phases with seamless transition. Phase 1 - demolish and rebuild the existing Purple Team clinic while the current ED space remains active and Phase 2 - the current ED space will be demolished and rebuilt so that the entire area becomes one larger, continuous ED. Work includes all supervision, labor, equipment and materials necessary to renovate 10,700 sf of space within Building 85, first floor. The existing 5,700 square foot emergency room will also be expanded and reconfigured to 8,900 square feet. The adjacent functions, occupying 1,800 square feet (Admitting Office, corridors, and ER waiting) will be reconfigured and relocated as part of the renovation/remodel. All necessary utilities are in the building and must be extended and connected from the surrounding areas within the building. Work includes, but is not limited to the following: demolition, phasing, structural, creation of new wall systems, flooring, painting, ceiling systems, installation of new windows and sashes, architectural finish work, millwork, mechanical (HVAC and hydronic), mechanical systems digital control, plumbing, medical gas, patient lifts, fire proofing, electrical, telecommunications, nurse call, security, fire alarm, and fire protection sprinkler work, potential asbestos and/or lead abatement. The Drawing and Specifications will be issued with the RFP. The VA is interested in posting this requirement as a SDVOSB set-aside under NAICS 236220 and PSC is Y1DA. Please notify the VA if you think anything else should be considered. Information Sought The Government requests a letter of interest (or similar document) with responses to the following: 1. State your business name (as it appears in SAM.gov ), office location where these services will be performed from, SAM UEI number, and socio-economic status of the firm (i.e. verified SDVOSB, WOSB, SB, large business). 2. Provide a brief narrative on your company s experience providing services similar to those described in the attached statement of work. 3. What would be the expected make-up of the company s team in terms of socio-economic categories and estimated percentage of work to be completed by your company and each subcontractor? If the procurement is set-aside for any category of small business, generally fifty percent of more of the work would need to be performed by the contractor or a similarly situated subcontractor in terms of percentage of cost. For instance, if set-aside for service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB), 15% or more of the contract would need to be performed by verified SDVOSBs no other small business categories would count towards the percentage. If set-aside for small business, 15% of the contract would be required to be performed by small businesses which would include performance by a verified SDVOSB because they are also a small business. If the procurement is not set-aside and reaches certain dollar thresholds, the Government would negotiate an acceptable subcontracting plan to utilize small business concerns. 4. A brief statement of overall interest in the project and capability of performing the work in conjunction with ongoing projects. 5. Any additional capabilities statements or other documentation that you feel will assist the Government in performing market research and determining the appropriate set-aside. Submission Instructions Interested parties are requested to submit the requested information not later than 12:00PM MT, April 15, 2026, to Melissa Howard via email to melissa.howard2@va.gov. Please include 36C26026Q0476 - Sources Sought Response in the title of the email. The response burden to this notice is expected to be light; lengthy responses are not expected but no maximum page count is assigned. Please keep responses below 7MB or send multiple emails appending to the email subject 1 of n as appropriate. Attachments 1. Statement of Work for BVAMC Project No. 531-25-102 Expand Emergency Room dated March 4, 2026 (3 pages).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Melissa Howard
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Melissa.Howard2@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: full statement of work, identified above): The requirement is to be accomplished in 2 Phases with seamless transition. Phase 1 - demolish and rebuild the existing Purple Team clinic while the current ED space remains active and Phase 2 - the current ED space will be demolished and rebuilt so that the entire area becomes one larger, continuous ED. Work includes all supervision, labor, equipment and materials necessary to renovate 10,700 sf of space within Building 85, first floor. The existing 5,700 square foot emergency room will also be expanded and reconfigured to 8,900 square feet. The adjacent functions, occupying 1,800 square feet (Admitting Office, corridors, and ER waiting) will be reconfigured and relocated as part of the renovation/remodel. All necessary utilities are in the building and must be extended and connected from the surrounding areas within the building. Work includes, but is not limited to the following: demolition, phasing, structural, creation of new wall systems, flooring, painting, ceiling systems, installation of new windows and sashes, architectural finish work, millwork, mechanical (HVAC and hydronic), mechanical systems digital control, plumbing, medical gas, patient lifts, fire proofing, electrical, telecommunications, nurse call, security, fire alarm, and fire protection sprinkler work, potential asbestos and/or lead abatement. The Drawing and Specifications will be issued with the RFP. The VA is interested in posting this requirement as a SDVOSB set-aside under NAICS 236220 and PSC is Y1DA. Please notify the VA if you think anything else should be considered. Information Sought The Government requests a letter of interest (or similar document) with responses to the following: 1. State your business name (as it appears in SAM.gov ), office location where these services will be performed from, SAM UEI number, and socio-economic status of the firm (i.e. verified SDVOSB, WOSB, SB, large business). 2. Provide a brief narrative on your company s experience providing services similar to those described in the attached statement of work. 3. What would be the expected make-up of the company s team in terms of socio-economic categories and estimated percentage of work to be completed by your company and each subcontractor? If the procurement is set-aside for any category of small business, generally fifty percent of more of the work would need to be performed by the contractor or a similarly situated subcontractor in terms of percentage of cost. For instance, if set-aside for service-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB), 15% or more of the contract would need to be performed by verified SDVOSBs no other small business categories would count towards the percentage. If set-aside for small business, 15% of the contract would be required to be performed by small businesses which would include performance by a verified SDVOSB because they are also a small business. If the procurement is not set-aside and reaches certain dollar thresholds, the Government would negotiate an acceptable subcontracting plan to utilize small business concerns. 4. A brief statement of overall interest in the project and capability of performing the work in conjunction with ongoing projects. 5. Any additional capabilities statements or other documentation that you feel will assist the Government in performing market research and determining the appropriate set-aside. Submission Instructions Interested parties are requested to submit the requested information not later than 12:00PM MT, April 15, 2026, to Melissa Howard via email to melissa.howard2@va.gov. Please include 36C26026Q0476 - Sources Sought Response in the title of the email. The response burden to this notice is expected to be light; lengthy responses are not expected but no maximum page count is assigned. Please keep responses below 7MB or send multiple emails appending to the email subject 1 of n as appropriate. Attachments 1. Statement of Work for BVAMC Project No. 531-25-102 Expand Emergency Room dated March 4, 2026 (3 pages)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e36ad1faf8de4d2d9ccee677d9e696cd/view)