---
layout: default
title: U.S. Department of Agriculture seeks to Lease Office and Related Space in Millbrook, Dutchess County, New York
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: c352e7e2b2694d95971fc48bcdb59b65
---

# U.S. Department of Agriculture seeks to Lease Office and Related Space in Millbrook, Dutchess County, New York

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 11:22:34.827-04
- Solicitation Number: 57-36027-27-FA

## Summary

SAM Advertisement Modification 5 (04/09/2026) The SAM Advertisement dated 10/10/2023, and further modified by SAM Advertisement Modification 4 dated 11/05/2024, SAM Advertisement Modification 3 dated 10/08/2024, SAM Advertisement Modification 2 dated 01/18/2024, SAM Advertisement Modification 1 dated 11/28/2023, are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following in order to modify the requested square foot, requested parking, extend the due time and date for expressions of interest and clarify the estimated occupancy date. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The U.S. Department of Agriculture seeks to lease the following space: LOCATION REQUIREMENTS State: New York City: Millbrook County: Dutchess Delineated Area: (See attached Map: NY-Millbrook DA Map Boundary for additional information) North: Highway 199 to Winchell Mountain Road East: Highway 44 to Highway 343 (Highway 22) South: Highway 343 to Highway 82 to Highway 72 to Highway 115 to Highway 41 North: State Route 9 SPACE REQUIREMENTS Minimum ABOA: 2,333 ABOA Maximum ABOA: 2,449 ABOA Not to Exceed RSF: 2,682 RSF Space Type: General-purpose office and related space PARKING REQUIREMENTS GOV Reserved: THREE (3) on-site surface Producer/Visitor Reserved: SIX (6) on-site surface, not exceed 300 feet of public entrance of building; includes 1 large oversized vehicle pull-through Employee Nonreserved: SEVEN (7) surface, either on-site or within 1/4 mile (1,320 feet) of employee entrance of building. TERM REQUIREMENTS Full Term: Up to TWENTY (20) Years (240 Months) Firm Term: TEN (10) Years (120 Months) Termination Rights: 120-days' in whole or in part after expiration of firm term of the lease Options: None ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS Tenant Improvements: Turnkey Tenant Improvement Square feet may reflect non-USDA partners where NRCS provides workspace to partners through agreement. The space offered, its location, and its surrounding areas must be compatible with the Government’s intended use. The space shall be in a professional office environment or surroundings with a prevalence for modern design and/or tasteful rehabilitation in modern use. The space offered shall not be located within 300-feet of residential areas. The space offered will not be considered where any living quarters are located within the building. Space shall not be adjacent to a tenant or business whose primary operation is the sale of alcoholic beverages, where firearms are sold and/or discharged, or where tenants related to drug treatment, or detention facilities are located. Subleases are not acceptable. First floor space is preferred. Office space must be contiguous, on one floor. If space offered is above the ground level, then at least one (1) accessible elevator will be required. The Government will have access to the Space 24-hours a day, 7-days a week. Normal hours of operation are Monday through Friday 6:00 AM – 6:00 PM (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and Federal Holidays). Offered space must meet Government requirements for fire safety, accessibility, seismic, and sustainability standards per the terms of the Lease. A fully-serviced lease is required. Offered space shall not be in the 0.2-percent-annual chance floodplain (formerly referred to as “500-Year” floodplain). EXPRESSIONS OF INTEREST Expressions of Interest Due: 4:30 PM Eastern, Thursday, May 7, 2026 Market Survey (Estimated): TBD Occupancy (Estimated): Within 90 days of government’s issuance of notice to proceed (NTP) Entities are advised to familiarize themselves with the telecommunications prohibitions outlined under Section 889 of the FY19 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), as implemented by the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR).). For more information, visit: https://acquisition.gov/FAR-Case-2019-009/889_Part_B. Note: Entities not currently registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at SAM.gov, are advised to start the registration process as soon as possible if intending to submit an offer for possible lease award. Send Expressions of Interest to: Name/Title: Shannon Schoening, USDA Contracting Officer Email Address: SHANNON.SCHOENING@USDA.GOV In no event shall an offeror, owner, or their representatives and/or designees, enter into negotiations or discussions concerning the Space to be leased with any Federal Agency other than the U.S. Department of Agriculture Contracting Officer or their authorized representative indicated above. Expressions of Interest shall include the following: Refer to project number 57-36027-27-FA in expressions of interest response. If offeror is not the owner of the building, an authorization letter signed by owner to represent owner for property will be required.* Brokers submitting properties MUST show authorization from the property owner to submit property on behalf of the property owner; this can include, but is not limited to a listing agreement, letter from the property owner authorizing the broker to submit the property, purchase/ sale agreement, option, etc.* Photos of the space or site being submitted, or permission for Market Survey participants to photograph the space or site. For EXISTING BUILDINGS, Download from SAM.gov and complete Lease Market Survey Form for Existing Building, MS-2991, in its entirety. Include building name and legal address (as reflected on DEED), the location of available space within the building, along with building site/ lot plans, interior layout drawings/ pictures (with dimensions shown) reflecting the Space(s) that are being offered. Provide information on condition of building systems, roof, foundation, and current floor plan. Alternatively, provide a copy of a recent commercial building inspection or appraisal. For NEW CONSTRUCTION SITES, Where a land site is proposed, download from SAM.gov and complete the Land Market Survey form in its entirety. Site/aerial plans or building site/lot plans showing the location of the proposal land, along with the parcel number (if part of multiple parcels, all parcel numbers associated with the proposed land). Adjacent streets showing proposed ingress/egress shall be shown on the plans. For BOTH existing buildings and new construction sites, Rentable square feet (RSF) and ANSI/BOMA office area (ABOA) square feet to be offered. Proposed fully-served rate per square foot, estimated operating expenses – fully serviced, and any proposed concessions, free rent, or abatement that may be included in your proposal. Amount of/type of parking available on-site. If parking is not available on-site, provide a map showing the location(s) of parking requested in the advertisement. If parking will be offered on a land/site/property/location not under the offeror’s control, an authorization letter signed by the land/site/property/location owner to present the land/site/property/location to the government as an expression of interest will be required. The date of space availability. Confirmation that offered space meets or will be made to meet Architectural Barriers Act Accessibility Standards (ABAAS). Confirmation that offered space meets or will be made to meet Seismic Safety Standards, as applicable. Confirmation that offered space meets or will be made to meet Fire Protection & Life Safety Requirements. For new construction or properties requiring expansion of the footprint of the building, confirmation that offered space meets or will be made to meet National Environmental Protection Act of 1969 (NEPA) Requirements. * As mentioned in #2 & #3 above, any submission received without written authorization to represent owner(s) will not be considered until such time the documentation has been received. In cases where an agent is representing multiple entities, written acknowledgement/permission from each entity to represent multiple interest parties for the same submission must be submitted prior to the Expressions of Interest due date.. GOVERNMENT CONTACT INFORMATION Name/Title: Shannon Schoening, USDA Contracting Officer Email Address: SHANNON.SCHOENING@USDA.GOV

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shannon Schoening
  - Email: shannon.schoening@usda.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c352e7e2b2694d95971fc48bcdb59b65/view)