---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought: HVAC Preventative Maintenance at Ft. Yates, ND and Wakpala, SD
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 0fb6cc23001e4dc1bf027e343b5c557e
---

# Sources Sought: HVAC Preventative Maintenance at Ft. Yates, ND and Wakpala, SD

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-21 13:14:44.314-04
- Solicitation Number: IHS-SS-26-1520227

## Summary

Sources Sought: Comprehensive Preventative Maintenance for Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning (HVAC) systems at the Standing Rock IHS Hospital in Fort Yates, North Dakota and the Youth Regional Treatment Center (YRTC) in Wakpala, South Dakota. Sources Sought Notice Number: IHS-SS-26-1520227 This Sources Sought Notice is for informational and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation, an obligation or commitment by the Indian Health Service. This notice is intended strictly for market research to determine the availability of Indian Economic Enterprises (IEE) Businesses. Your responses to the information requested will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method, including whether a set-aside is possible. The anticipated applicable NAICS code for this acquisition is 238220, Heating, ventilation and air-conditioning (HVAC) contractors- other relevant NAICS codes will be considered based on responses received.

1.0 BACKGROUND The Indian Health Service (IHS) requires periodic maintenance to assure that obvious damages or changes that might affect the system(s) operability are visually identified. It is vital to have the inspection and testing required by code to ensure continued accreditation by the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services and the Joint Commission of our facilities.

2.0 OBJECTIVE The primary objective of this project is to provide preventative maintenance on HVAC systems in the buildings identified. The purpose is to assure operational reliability. Location This service is to be provided at multiple locations: Ft. Yates, North Dakota, and Wakpala, South Dakota.

3.0 SCOPE CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS AND PERSONNEL QUALIFICATIONS A. The Contractor shall perform the following tasks: Preventative Maintenance Tasks: At a minimum, the following task shall be completed unless the manufactures recommendations require additional task or intervals. A. Air Handlers Units 1) Operational – Minimum 3 per year 2) Filter Change - Minimum 3 per year 3) Comprehensive – Minimum 1 per year 4) Coil Cleaning – Minimum 1 per year B. Boilers 1) Startup – Minimum 1 per year 2) Combustion Analysis/Smoke Test - Minimum 1 per year 3) Tube Brushing – Minimum 1 per year 4) Operational – Minimum 1 during winter season C. Chiller 1) Startup – Minimum 1 per year 2) Operational – Minimum 1 during heating season 3) Coil Cleaning – Minimum 1 per year D. Pumps 1) Operational – Minimum 3 per year E. Variable Air Volume Box 1) Comprehensive – Minimum 1 per year F. Building Automation System (JCI Metasys) 1) Comprehensive (all equipment) – Minimum 1 per year Emergency Service and Equipment Replacement: Contractor shall provide emergency services to troubleshoot and diagnose failed equipment. Contractor will be required to respond to emergency call within 4 hours. Equipment that needs to be replaced due to life expectancy or obsolete, contractor shall provide a quote prior to replacing.

4.0 TYPE OF ORDER This is a firm fixed price purchase order.

5.0 ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Base Period of Performance: 05/01/2026 to 07/31/2026. Option Year One: 05/01/2027 to 07/31/2027. Option Year Two: 05/01/2028 to 07/31/2028. Option Year Three: 05/01/2029 to 07/31/2029. Option Year Four: 05/01/2030 to 07/31/2030.

6.0 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE A. Place of Performance/Hours of Operation 1) Sites to receive service are Ft. Yates (ND) and Mobridge (SD), Standing Rock Hospital 10 Standing Rock Ave Fort Yates, North Dakota 58538 Youth Regional Treatment Center 12451 Highway 1806 Mobridge, South Dakota 57601

7.0 REPORT(S)/DELIVERABLES AND DELIVERY SCHEDULE Inspection and testing shall be completed between the hours of 8:00 AM and 5:00 PM, M-F, unless otherwise approved by the Project Officer. No testing and maintenance shall be performed on a national holiday unless approved by the Project Officer. DELIVERABLE DELIVERABLE DESCRIPTION / FORMAT REQUIREMENTS DUE DATE HVAC inspections Inspections to be completed at the facilities listed above after schedule is determined by the contractor and project officer. The contractor shall notify each Facility Manager a minimum of 72 hours before performing a service. 365 days after award Emergency Repairs Emergency Repairs as needed throughout the period of performance Variable as needed

8.0 PAYMENT The Government will pay the Contractor a fixed price in arrears, which will constitute full compensation for all Contractor professional and incidental services, travel expenses, and materials necessary to furnish the complete project as required and specified in the SOW. Additional Information: Failed component replacement and repairs will not be included within the contractor’s responsibilities unless the failure of components is the result of the contractor’s activities. Contractors must be registered with the IRS Invoice Processing Platform (IPP.gov) at the time of award. IPP is a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Bureau of the Fiscal Service, in partnership with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis (FRSTL). The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) M-15-19 Memorandum "Improving Government Efficiency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars Through Electronic Invoicing" directs Federal agencies to adopt electronic invoicing as the primary means to disburse payment to vendors. If your organization is not currently utilizing IPP, following award of an order, your organization will be automatically enrolled by IHS. Your company's IPP POC will be determined by the information listed in your SAM.gov account and will receive two e-mails from the Bureau of Fiscal Service, one with a username and one with a temporary password. Please ensure your SAM.gov information is up to date.

9.0 Capability Statement/Information: Interested parties are expected to review this notice to familiarize themselves with the requirements of this project. Failure to do so will be at your firm’s own risk. The following information shall be included in the capability statement: 1. A general overview of the respondent’s opinions about the difficulty and/or feasibility of the potential requirement, and any information regarding innovative ideas or concepts. 2. Information in sufficient detail of the respondent’s (a) current capability and capacity to perform the work; (b) prior completed projects of similar nature/size; (c) any relevant past performance ratings for similar projects within the last three years. 3. The respondents’ SAM UEI number, organization name, address, point of contact, and size and type of business (e.g., ISBEE/IEE, 8(a), HUBZone, etc.) Pursuant to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code: 561621, Security Systems Services (Except Locksmiths), or comparable NAICS. 5. Any other information that may be helpful in developing or finalizing the requirements of the potential acquisition. 6. The capability statement shall not exceed 10 single-sided pages (including all attachments, resumes, charts, etc.) presented in single-space and using a 12-point font size minimum, in either Microsoft Word or Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF), with 8-1/2 by 11 inch paper size, and 1 inch top, bottom, left and right margins. 7. All proprietary information should be marked as such. Statements should also include an indication of current certified small business status; this indication should be clearly marked on the first page of your capability statement (preferably placed under the eligible small business concern’s name and address). Responses will be reviewed only by IHS personnel and will be held in a confidential manner.

10.0 Closing Statement Point of Contact: Erin Doering, Contract Specialist, at Erin.Doering@ihs.gov Submission Instructions: Interested parties shall submit capability via email to Erin Doering at Erin.Doering@ihs.gov . Must include Sources Sought Number IHS-SS-26-1520227 in the Subject line. The due date for receipt of statements is May 7, 2026 4:00 p.m. Central Time. All responses must be received by the specified due date and time in order to be considered. This notice is for information and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of IHS. IHS does not intend to award a contract on the basis of responses nor otherwise pay for the preparation of any information submitted. As a result of this notice, IHS may issue a Request for Quote (RFQ). THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. However, should such a requirement materialize, no basis for claims against IHS shall arise as a result of a response to this notice or IHS’s use of such information as either part of our evaluation process or in developing specifications for any subsequent requirement. Disclaimer and Important Notes. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a pre-solicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published in SAM.gov. However, responses to this notice will not be considered adequate responses to a solicitation. Confidentiality. No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Erin Doering
  - Email: Erin.Doering@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6052267662

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0fb6cc23001e4dc1bf027e343b5c557e/view)