---
layout: default
title: M00264-RFI-023- USMC Communication Directorate (CD)- Music and Sound Effects Licensing Package
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: eec16289dcb74eac8b08d931a57afd2e
---

# M00264-RFI-023- USMC Communication Directorate (CD)- Music and Sound Effects Licensing Package

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 15:49:06.443-04
- Solicitation Number: M00264-RFI-023

## Summary

REQUEST FOR INFORMATION The Marine Corps Installations, National Capital Region - Regional Contracting Office (MCINCR-RCO), Marine Corps Base, Quantico, VA is seeking information on behalf of The Marine Corps Communication Directorate (CD), Production and Engagement Branch, requires a comprehensive music and sound effects package to support official communication products, multimedia productions, and engagement initiatives. These audio assets will enhance video productions, digital media, and other communication materials in support of the Directorate’s mission. CONTRACTING OFFICE ADDRESS: Marine Corps Installations – National Capital Region, Regional Contracting Office (MCINCR RCO), located on Marine Corps Base, 2010 Henderson Road, Quantico, VA. INTRODUCTION: This Request for Information (RFI) is to seek market information for planning purposes and provide industry with an opportunity to ask questions and provide recommendations regarding the required supplies outlined in the below Requirement Description. DISCLAIMER: THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMAITON IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. REQUIREMENT DESCRIPTION: Please see the above listed Requirement Description for details of this requirement and attached draft SOW. INDUSTRY FEEDBACK: This is a REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY to obtain industry’s feedback on the anticipated technical specifications, potential cost and performance risks, as well as any other related considerations for the required supplies. Please provide feedback on the following: 1. Are you able to provide all of the products listed under the Requirement Description? If so, are you able to provide it within the Required Deliver by date? 2. What are the key discriminators that the Government should consider as evaluation criteria? 3. Are there any barriers to competition? 4. Are you likely to propose on this effort? Why or Why not? 5. Is this a product readily provided in the commercial enviroment? 6. Can this product be priced under a Firm Fixed Contract? 7. Identify any condition or action that may influence or restrict the ability to have a fair and open competition with respect to this acquisition? 8. Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) pricing give the draft requirements. If unable to do so, please specify what additional data is needed. Please include shipping in estimates. This ROM is non-binding and does not constitute an official request for pricing. 9. What other NAICS code(s) would be more accurate for this requriement than SUBMISSION DETAILS: Submissions shall reference RFI No. “M00264-26-RFI-023 Marine Corps Communication Directorate Music and Sound Effects Licensing Package in the subject line. Interested vendors who wish to respond to this RFI should send responses no later than 10:00 AM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on May 6, 2026 via email to the following email address: Joy.Hughes@usmc.mil. Questions and comments regarding this requirement will be accepted, reviewed and answered if the Government determines responses are warranted. The Government will not consider any vendor email that is incomplete or is not addressing this RFI questions. The Government reserves the right to determine if a response addresses this RFI, is not complete, and/or to not review a response without any further communication with the vendor supplying the information. “M00264-26-RFI-023 Marine Corps Communication Directorate Music and Sound Effects Licensing Package” Submissions must include: 1) Capibilities Statement in response to the “Industry Feedback” section of this RFI; 2) Business name and address; 3) Name of company representative and their business title; 4) Type of Business; 5) Cage Code and UEI; and 6) Contract vehicles that would be available to the Government for the procurement of the service, to include General Service Administration (GSA), Federal Supply Schedules (FSS), NaASA SEWP or any other Government Agency contract vehicle. (This information is for market research only and does not preclude your company from responding to this notice.) 7) If you are willing to accept payment as required through the WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023) https://www.acquisition.gov/dfars/252.232-7006-wide-area-workflow-payment-instructions. ******We are not accepting Independent Artist or bands.************************* *****You must be a commerical entity with an already established catalogue.***** PROPRIETARY INFORMATION: Proprietary information and trade secrets, if any, must be clearly marked on all materials. All information received that is marked Proprietary will be handled accordingly. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned. All government personnel reviewing RFI responses understand their responsibility for proper use and protection from unauthorized disclosure of proprietary information as described in 41 USC 423. The Government shall not be held liable for any damages incurred if proprietary information is not properly identified.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joy Hughes
  - Email: joy.hughes@usmc.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/eec16289dcb74eac8b08d931a57afd2e/view)