---
layout: default
title: Virti Virtual Reality Platform Software Licenses
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: d146dd1bbfa841f9856f699d47fa23fb
---

# Virti Virtual Reality Platform Software Licenses

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-08 20:14:29.733-04
- Solicitation Number: 75N98026Q00168

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation number is 75N98026Q00168 and is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). The solicitation/contract will include all applicable provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01. The North American Industry Classification (NAICS) Code is 513120 and the business size standard is $34m. However, this solicitation is not set aside for totally small business. This acquisition is being conducted using Simplified Acquisition Procedures in accordance with FAR Part 13. The National Institutes of Health (NIH), Office of the Director (OD) intends to contract on a sole source basis with Virti Inc., 1468 West 9th Street, Suite 100, Cleveland, OH 44113 to procure Virti Platform licenses as follows: Virti Platform Access - Quantity – 100 Authorized Learners/Licenses Period of Performance: 12 months after Award Date The renewal of the Virti Platform access licenses is necessary for the continuation of the Virtual Reality Simulation for the Families Share VR study. This software allows the lab to continue to work within the virtual reality platform and create an immersive environment for study participants. This procurement with the Virti team will expand on the Families SHARE toolkit and enhance individuals’ family health history communication skills by implementing a virtual reality world that simulates health history conversations. The simulation was developed under prior procurement and is currently being implemented. The Virti software has unique programing capabilities and artificial intelligence integration that is required by the associated protocol. The Virti developers also understand the complexity technological and programming needs of the software. Thus, moving to another source would have an impact on the integrity of the experiment/study. There is no existing NIH resource that could be an adequate replacement for the current platform. Further, the current study is actively recruiting and enrolling study participants and changing the software for the virtual reality component mid-way through the study would jeopardize data integrity. The Virti software is required for our ongoing protocol. Virti software is an integral part of the study of design and methodology, thus, without the Virti software we would not be able to continue study enrollment. The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under authority of the 41 U.S.C. 253(c) (1), FAR 6.302. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive quotations. The provision of FAR Clause 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items. The Offeror is to include a completed copy of the provision of FAR clause 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications -Commercial Items, with its offer. The offeror must include their Unique Entity ID (UEI), the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size. Applicable clauses/provisions for this acquisition: 52.203-17 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements—Representation 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services FAR 52.224-1 Privacy Act Notification FAR 52.224-2 Privacy Act 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors 52.233-3 Protest After Award 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions—Representations and Certifications 52.244-6 - Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Service HHSAR Subpart 352.224-70, Privacy Act HHSAR 352.239-72 Security Requirements for Federal Information Technology Resources Privacy Act [5 U.S.C. § 552a(m)(1)] Government Contractor Provision The clauses are available in full text at http://www.acquisition.gov/far/. Interested vendors capable of furnishing the government with the items specified in this synopsis should submit a copy of their quotation via email to robinsti@mail.nih.gov. Responses to this solicitation must include enough information to establish the interested parties’ bona-fide capabilities of providing all services and or products needed as per this solicitation. Responses must be comprised of descriptive literature, warranties, delivery timeframe and/or other information that demonstrates that the offer meets all the foregoing requirements. Quotations will be due on April 16, 2026, before 5:00 pm eastern daylight time via email to robinsti@mail.nih.gov. Attn: Tina Robinson. The quotation must reference “Solicitation number 75N98026Q00168. All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which if timely received, shall be considered by the agency. Any questions must be sent via email to robinsti@mail.nih.gov and must include solicitation# 75N98026Q00168 in the subject line of email. Note: In order to receive an award, contractors must maintain an active SAM registration for all awards throughout the entire contract/order lifecycle, from offer submission to final payment. Failure to maintain an active SAM registration can jeopardize the award or result in non-payment. Lack of valid registration in SAM will make an offeror ineligible for award. Note: “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations, including 52.223-22, Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals— Representation, and paragraph (t) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Agencies will not consider or use these representations. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: ROBINSON, TINA
  - Email: robinsti@mail.nih.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d146dd1bbfa841f9856f699d47fa23fb/view)