---
layout: default
title: OB GYN Physician Services and Support Team
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 3fd9562adb5f482da67f0054bc7747f1
---

# OB GYN Physician Services and Support Team

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-13 16:26:03.749-04
- Solicitation Number: HS-WAG-26-1525140

## Summary

Sources Sought: OB GYN Physician Services and Support Team Sources Sought Notice Number: IHS-WAG-26-1525140 This Sources Sought Notice is for informational and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation, an obligation or commitment by the Indian Health Service. This notice is intended strictly for market research to determine the availability of Indian Economic Enterprises (IEE). Your responses to the information requested will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method, including whether a set-aside is possible. The anticipated applicable NAICS code for this acquisition is 621111, This U.S. industry comprises establishments of health practitioners having the degree of M.D. (Doctor of Medicine) or D.O. (Doctor of Osteopathy) primarily engaged in the independent practice of general or specialized medicine (except psychiatry or psychoanalysis) or surgery. These practitioners operate private or group practices in their own offices (e.g., centers, clinics) or in the facilities of others, such as hospitals or HMO medical centers.

1.0 BACKGROUND The Mission of the Wagner Indian Health Service (IHS) is to provide the best possible healthcare services to the patients on the Yankton Sioux Reservation in South Dakota. To meet this mission, the WIHS is requesting an all-inclusive, non-personal service contract for Onsite Obstetrics and Gynecologic Physician Services.

2.1 OBJECTIVE The Contractor shall provide a Board-Certified Obstetrics/Gynecologist (OB/GYN) physician (1) and support staff (Nurse (1) and Ultrasound Technician (1)) for services at the Indian Health Service (IHS) at the Wagner Service Unit, Wagner, SD.

2.0 SCOPE This physician and support staff will provide OB/GYN Services on site in accordance with the specifications contained herein to beneficiaries of the IHS. The Contract physician shall be Credentialed and Privileged at a Hospital with an Operating/Labor/Delivery Room, as WSU has no Operating/Labor/Delivery Room. The contractor providing onsite OB/GYN services will meet or exceed the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) Physician Guidelines https://www.acog.org. Contractor employees shall not be considered government employees for any purpose under this contract.

3.0 CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS/ AND PERSONNEL QUALIFICATIONS (IF APPLICABLE) Staff/Facility License/Certification: The contract physician and staff assigned by the Contractor to perform the services covered by this contract shall have a current license/certification to practice their specialty in any State, Territory, or Commonwealth of the United States or the District of Columbia. SPECIAL NOTE: For procurements that require a Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) registration, contract providers must have a medical license and be individually registered with the DEA. All licenses/certifications held by the personnel working on this contract shall be full and unrestricted licenses. The Contract physician or staff who have current, full and unrestricted licenses/certifications in one or more states, but who have, or ever had, a license/certification restricted, suspended, revoked, voluntarily revoked, voluntarily surrendered pending action or denied upon application will not be considered for the purposes of this contract. Board Certification: The contract physician shall be a Board-Certified OB/GYN physician. The physician must be currently certified in Basic Life Support (BLS). All continuing education courses required for maintaining certification must be kept up to date at all times. Documentation verifying current certification shall be provided by the Contractor to the IHS Credentialing Coordinator on an annual basis for each year of contract performance. Credentialing and Privileging: Credentialing and privileging for WSU is to be done in accordance with the provisions of IHS Credentialing and Privileging standards. The physician is also required to be Credentialed and Privileged at a Hospital with an Operating/Labor/Delivery Room. The Contractor is responsible to ensure that the proposed physician possesses the requisite credentials enabling the granting of privileges. Services shall not be provided by any contract physician prior to obtaining approval by the Great Plains Area Credentialing and Privileging Governing Body, and the WSU Medical Executive Committee. If a contract physician is not credentialed and privileged or has credentials/privileges suspended or revoked, the Contractor shall furnish an acceptable substitute without any additional cost to the government. Technical Proficiency: The Contract physician and support staff shall be technically proficient in the skills necessary to fulfill the government’s requirements, including the ability to speak, understand, read and write English fluently. Contractor shall provide documents upon request of the CO/COR or Credentialing Coordinator to verify current and ongoing competency, skills, certification and/or licensure related to the provision of care, treatment and/or services performed. Contractor shall provide verifiable evidence of all educational and training experiences including any gaps in educational history for the contract physician and the contract physician shall be responsible for abiding by the Facility's Medical Staff By-Laws, rules, and regulations that govern medical staff behavior. Continuing Medical Education (CME)/Certified Education Unit (CEU) Requirements: Contractor shall provide copies of current CMEs as required or requested by the IHS. The Contract physician registered or certified by national/medical associations shall continue to meet the minimum standards for CME to remain current. Contractor shall report CME hours to the credential office for tracking. These documents are required for both privileging and re-privileging. Failure to provide shall result in loss of privileges for contract physician. Training (BLS, EHR and IHS MANDATORY): Contractor and support staff shall meet all IHS educational requirements and mandatory course requirements defined herein; all training must be completed by the contract physician and support staff as required by the IHS. BLS, EHR, IHS Privacy and Information Security Awareness and Rules of Behavior, IHS Privacy and HIPPA, and Prevention of Workplace Harassment/No Fear and others as required by the Agency. Standard Personnel Testing (PPD, etc.): Contractor shall provide proof of the following tests for contract staff within five (5) calendar days after contract award and prior to the first duty shift. Tests shall be current within the past year. TUBERCULOSIS TESTING: Contractor shall provide proof of a negative reaction to PPD testing for all contract staff. A negative chest radiographic report for active tuberculosis shall be provided in cases of positive PPD results. The PPD test shall be repeated annually. RUBELLA TESTING: Contractor shall provide proof of immunization for all contract staff for measles, mumps, rubella or a rubella titer of 1.8 or greater. OSHA REGULATION CONCERNING OCCUPATIONAL EXPOSURE TO BLOODBORNE PATHOGENS: Contractor shall provide generic self-study training for the contract physician; provide their own Hepatitis B vaccination series at no cost to the IHS if they elect to receive it; maintain an exposure determination and control plan; maintain required records; and ensure that proper follow-up evaluation is provided following an exposure incident. The IHS shall notify the Contractor of any significant communicable disease exposures as appropriate. Contractor shall adhere to current CDC/HICPAC Guideline for Infection Control in health care personnel (as published in American Journal for Infection Control- AJIC 1998; 26:289-354 http://www.cdc.gov/hicpac/pdf/InfectControl98.pdf) for disease control. Contractor shall provide follow up documentation of clearance to return to the workplace prior to their return. COVID-19: All contract staff who work or provide direct care in a federally-operated IHS health care facility shall receive two doses of COVID-19 vaccine in a two-dose series, or one dose of COVID-19 vaccine in a single-dose. Limited exemptions apply to those who have a valid medical or religious exemption on file. Varicella Zoster Virus: A reliable history is a valid measure of varicella immunity. All contractors providing an uncertain or negative history of chickenpox shall provide proof of immunization with varicella vaccine. National Provider Identifier (NPI): NPI is a standard, unique 10-digit numeric identifier required by HIPAA. The IHS must use NPIs in all HIPAA-standard electronic transactions for individual (health care practitioners) and organizational entities (medical centers). The Contractor shall have or obtain appropriate NPI and if pertinent the Taxonomy Code confirmation notice issued by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) National Plan and Provider Enumeration System (NPPES) be provided to the Contracting Officer with the proposal. DEA (as required): Contract physicians shall provide copy of current DEA. Conflict of Interest: The Contractor and all contract staff are responsible for identifying and communicating to the CO and COR conflicts of interest at the time of proposal and during the entirety of contract performance. At the time of proposal, the Contractor shall provide a statement which describes, in a concise manner, all relevant facts concerning any past, present, or currently planned interest (financial, contractual, organizational, or otherwise) or actual or potential organizational conflicts of interest relating to the services to be provided. The Contractor shall also provide statements containing the same information for any identified consultants or subcontractors who shall provide services. The Contractor must also provide relevant facts that show how its organizational and/or management system or other actions would avoid or mitigate any actual or potential organizational conflicts of interest. Citizenship related Requirements: The Contractor certifies that the Contractor and support staff shall comply with any and all legal provisions contained in the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952, as Amended; its related laws and regulations that are enforced by Homeland Security, Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the U.S Department of Labor as these may relate to non-immigrant foreign nationals working under contract or subcontract for the Contractor while providing services to IHS patient referrals; While performing services for the IHS, the Contractor and support staff shall not knowingly employ, contract or subcontract with an illegal alien; foreign national non-immigrant who is in violation their status, as a result of their failure to maintain or comply with the terms and conditions of their admission into the United States. Additionally, the Contractor is required to comply with all “E-Verify” requirements consistent with “Executive Order 12989” and any related pertinent Amendments, as well as applicable Federal Acquisition Regulations. If the Contractor or support staff fails to comply with any requirements outlined in the preceding paragraphs or its Agency regulations, the IHS may, at its discretion, require that the foreign national who failed to maintain their legal status in the United States or otherwise failed to comply with the requirements of the laws administered by Homeland Security, Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the U.S Department of Labor, shall be prohibited from working at the Contractor’s place of business that services Department of Veterans Affairs patient referrals; or other place where the Contractor provides services to veterans who have been referred by the Department of Veterans Affairs; and shall form the basis for termination of this contract for breach. This certification concerns a matter within the jurisdiction of an agency of the United States and the making of a false, fictitious, or fraudulent certification may render the maker subject to prosecution under 18 U.S.C. 1001. The Contractor agrees to obtain a similar certification from its subcontractors. The certification shall be made as part of the offeror’s response to the RFP. Annual Office of Inspector General (OIG) Statement: In accordance with HIPAA and the Balanced Budget Act (BBA) of 1977, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Office of Inspector General (OIG) has established a list of parties and entities excluded from Federal health care programs. Specifically, the listed parties and entities may not receive Federal Health Care program payments due to fraud and/or abuse of the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Therefore, Contractor shall review the HHS OIG List of Excluded Individuals/Entities on the HHS OIG web site at http://oig.hhs.gov/exclusions/index.asp to ensure that the proposed contract staff are not listed. Contractor should note that any excluded individual or entity that submits a claim for reimbursement to a Federal health care program, or causes such a claim to be submitted, may be subject to a Civil Monetary Penalty (CMP) for each item or service furnished during a period that the person was excluded and may also be subject to treble damages for the amount claimed for each item or service. CMP’s may also be imposed against the Contractor that employ or enter into contracts with excluded individuals to provide items or services to Federal program beneficiaries. By submitting their proposal, the Contractor certifies that the HHS OIG List of Excluded Individuals/Entities has been reviewed and that the Contractors are and/or firm is not listed as of the date the offer/bid was signed. Clinical/Professional Direction: The qualifications of Contractor personnel are subject to review by WSU Clinical Director or his/her clinical designee and approval by the Great Plains Area Office. Clinical/Professional direction of all clinical personnel covered by this contract will be provided by the Clinical Director and/or her designee. Only the CO is authorized to consider any contract modification request and/or make changes to the contract during the administration of the resultant contract. Non-Personal Healthcare Services: The parties agree that the Contractor and all contract staff shall not be considered IHS employees for any purpose. Inherent Government Functions: Contractor and Contract staff shall not perform inherently governmental functions. This includes, but is not limited to, determination of agency policy, determination of Federal program priorities for budget requests, direction and control of government employees (outside a clinical context), selection or non-selection of individuals for Federal Government employment including the interviewing of individuals for employment, approval of position descriptions and performance standards for Federal employees, approving any contractual documents, approval of Federal licensing actions and inspections, and/or determination of budget policy, guidance, and strategy. No Employee status: The Contractor shall be responsible for protecting Contract staff furnishing services. To carry out this responsibility, the Contractor shall provide or certify that the following is provided for all their staff providing services under the resultant contract: Workers’ compensation Professional liability insurance Health examinations Income tax withholding, and Social security payments. Tort Liability: The Federal Tort Claims Act does not cover Contractor or contract staff. When a Contractor or contract staff has been identified in a tort claim, the Contractor shall be responsible for notifying their legal counsel and/or insurance carrier. Any settlement or judgment arising from a Contractor’s (or contract staff) action or non-action shall be the responsibility of the Contractor and/or insurance carrier. Key Personnel: (1) Board Certified OB/GYN Physician is required to be on-site once a week. Support staff, (1) Nurse (RN) and (1) Ultrasound Technician are required to be on-site once a week. It is essential that continuity of services is maintained to the maximum degree possible, hence, substitution of contractor provided Physicians shall be limited to urgent/emergent absences of approved, assigned providers. The Contractor shall be responsible for providing coverage to the IHS during periods of vacancies of the Contractor’s personnel due to sick leave, personal leave, vacations and additional coverage as required. In the event that a scheduled physician or support staff is unable to come in for or complete an assigned shift, the contractor shall provide replacement coverage within 24 hours and notify the Contracting Office Representative (COR) at the IHS immediately of schedule change. Personnel Substitutions: During the first ninety (90) calendar days of performance, the Contractor shall make NO substitutions of key personnel unless the substitution is necessitated by illness, death or termination of employment. The Contractor shall notify the CO, in writing, within 15 calendar days after the occurrence of any of these events and provide the information required below. After 90 days, the Contractor shall submit the information required below to the CO at least 15 calendar days prior to making any permanent substitutions. The Government reserves the right to refuse acceptance of any Contractor personnel at any time after performance begins, if personal or professional conduct jeopardizes patient care or interferes with the regular and ordinary operation of the facility. Breaches of conduct include intoxication or debilitation resulting from drug use, theft, patient abuse, dereliction or negligence in performing directed tasks, or other conduct resulting in formal complaints by patient or other staff members to designated Government representatives. Standards for conduct shall mirror those prescribed by current federal personnel regulations. Should the IHS Clinical Director or designee show documented clinical problems or continual unprofessional behavior/actions with any contract staff, s/he may request, without cause, immediate replacement of said contract staff. The CO and COR shall deal with issues raised concerning Contract staff conduct. The final arbiter on questions of acceptability is the CO. Contingency Plan: Because continuity of care is an essential part of IHS WSU medical services, The Contractor shall have a contingency plan in place to be utilized if the contract staff leaves Contractor’s employment or is unable to continue performance in accordance with the terms and conditions of the resulting contract.

4.0 TYPE OF ORDER This is a firm fixed price purchase order.

5.0 ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Period of Performance: 06/1/2026 through 05/31/2027.

6.0 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Wagner IHS Healthcare Center 111 Washington Ave. NW Wagner, SD 57380.

7.0 GOVERNMENT-PROVIDED EQUIPMENT The Service Unit shall provide office space including a desk, chair and office supplies. The contractor will be authorized to use all areas of the medical treatment facility available to civil service and commissioned corps personnel in similar positions. The same restrictions apply to the contractor as any other Indian Health Service personnel to use these areas for official business activities only. The contractor will be authorized to use all administrative and professional support available to Indian Health Service personnel and include all necessary OB/GYN equipment necessary for the Contractor to conduct his duties. This will include but not be limited to copy machines, telefax machines and telephone service. The same restrictions to use these items for official Indian Health Service business apply. The contractor shall be provided with an orientation to the Indian Health Service. The initial orientation and continuing orientation shall be provided by service unit personnel. The service unit shall provide all medical and non-medical equipment and supplies used by the Wagner IHS Health Center for the care and management of patients. The service unit shall provide an ongoing method of monitoring and evaluation of the quality and appropriateness of patient care and identifying deficiencies in the quality of services performed before the level of performance becomes unacceptable. The service unit will not provide transcription services. Electronic Health Record (EHR) must be utilized for the Wagner IHS Health Center.

8.0 REPORT(S)/DELIVERABLES AND DELIVERY SCHEDULE Reports/Deliverables: The Contractor shall be responsible for complying with all reporting requirements established by the Contract. The contractor shall be responsible for assuring the accuracy and ompleteness of all reports and other documents as well as the timely submission of each. The contractor shall comply with contract requirements regarding the appropriate reporting formats, instructions, submission timetables, and technical assistance as required. The following are brief descriptions of required documents that must be submitted by Contractor: upon award; weekly; monthly; quarterly; annually, etc. identified throughout the SOW and are provided here as a guide for Contractor convenience. If an item is within the SOW and not listed here, the Contractor remains responsible for the delivery of the item. What Submit as noted Submit To Quality Control Plan: Description and reporting reflecting the contractor’s plan for meeting of contract requirements and performance standards Upon proposal and as frequently as indicated in the performance standards. Contracting Officer Copies of any and all licenses, board certifications, NPI, to include primary source verification of all licensed and certified staff Upon proposal and upon renewal of licenses and upon renewal of option periods or change of key personnel. Contracting Officer Certification that staff list has been compared to OIG list Upon proposal and upon new hires. Contracting Officer Proof of Indemnification and Medical Liability Insurance Upon proposal and upon renewals. Contracting Officer Certificates of Completion for Cyber Security and Patient Privacy Training Courses Before receiving an account on IHS Network and annual training and new hires. Contracting Officer BLS Certification Upon award and every two years after award. Credentialing Coordinator Contingency plan Upon proposal and as updated COR/Clinical Director

9.0 PAYMENT HHSAR 352.232-71 Electronic Submission of Invoice Payment Requests (Feb 2022) Definitions. As used in this clause – Payment request means a bill, voucher, invoice or request for contract financing payment with associated supporting documentation. The payment request must comply with the requirement identified in FAR 32.905(b), “Content of Invoices” and the applicable payment clause included in this contract. Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this clause, the Contractor shall submit payment requests electronically using the Department of Treasury Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) or successor system. Information regarding IPP, including IPP Customer Support contact information, is available at https://www.ipp.gov or any successor site. The Contractor may submit payment requests using other than IPP only when the Contracting Officer authorizes alternate procedures in writing in accordance with HHS procedures. If alternate payment procedures are authorized, the Contractor shall include a copy of the Contracting Officer’s written authorization with each payment request. “Unless otherwise agreed to by the Contracting Officer per HHSAR 352.232-71 (c), the use of IPP shall take precedence over previously established invoice procedures.” In compliance with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) M-15-19 memorandum “Improving Government Efficiency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars Through Electronic Invoicing” directing Federal agencies to adopt electronic invoicing as the primary means to disburse payment to vendors. Invoices submitted under any award resulting from this solicitation will be required to utilize the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) in accordance with HHSAR 352.232-71, Electronic Submission and Processing of Payment Requests. IPP is a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Bureau of the Fiscal Service, in partnership with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis (FRSTL). If your organization is already registered to use IPP, you will not be required to re-register – however, we encourage you make sure your organization and designated IPP user accounts are valid and up to date. The IPP website address is: https://ww.ipp.gov If you require assistance registering or IPP account access, please contact the IPP Helpdesk at (866) 973-3131 (M-F 8AM to 6PM ET), or IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov Payment Adjustments/Performance Related Payment Deductions: Invoices will be prorated for partial days/hours worked. The contractor shall be paid only for actual work performed onsite. The contract payment shall be adjusted at the end of each billing cycle for each invoice presented in accordance with actual performance. Performance Deductions: If the contractor fails to meet the Acceptable Quality Level on any performance measure that references a deduction as a disincentive, the following method for calculating and applying the deduction shall be employed: Describe the method of calculation, application (to include method and timing) for each deduction. The COR will prepare a contract discrepancy report and will notify the CO in the event the contractor failed to meet the AQL established for any performance measure. The CO will provide the contractor with the CDR and documentation (as appropriate) supporting the performance level of the contractor and the government’s intent to apply the deduction in the following manner: 25% reduction of monthly invoice in accordance with section 5.1.2.4 under the Contract Administration/Performance Monitoring. The 25% reduction shall be applied to the next invoice billed. The contractor has thirty (30) days to respond if the contractor wishes to provide evidence that the AQL was met or to assert that the government’s action or inaction prevented the Contractor from reaching performance at the AQL. The Contracting Officer shall make the final determination regarding the deduction after reviewing the contractor’s response. Additional Information: Contractor is notified that the Government shall not authorize or release payment for food and beverage under this purchase order. A. Anticipated Period of Performance: Period of Performance: 06/1/2026 through 05/31/2027. B. Capability Statement/Information: Clinical Personnel Required: The Contractor shall provide a contract Physician, Nurse and Ultrasound Technician who are competent, qualified per this statement of work and adequately trained to perform assigned duties. Contract staff shall be responsible for signing in and out when in attendance. Time sheets will be used to confirm hours/day and services provided against the contractor’s invoices. Standards of Care: The contract staff’s care shall cover the range of OB/GYN services as the health care treatment facility allows and the standard of care shall be of a quality, meeting or exceeding currently recognized national standards as established by: American Congress of OB/GYN https://www.acog.org IHS Manual https://www.ihs.gov/IHM/ The professional standards of The Joint Commission (TJC) http://www.jointcommission.org/emergency_department/ The standards of Accreditation Association for Ambulatory Health Care (AAAHC) https://www.aahc.org The standards of the American Hospital Association (AHA) http://www.hpoe.org/resources?show=100&type=8 and; The requirements contained in this SOW MEDICAL RECORDS Authorities: Contractor Authority The Contractor shall not have the authority to make any commitments, agreements, or representations on behalf of the Government. The Contractor is not authorized to direct Government personnel or to obligate Government funds. Only the Contracting Officer (CO) has the authority to make changes to the terms and conditions of this contract, including changes to the Statement of Work, price, or period of performance. Any direction provided by Government personnel other than the CO shall be considered advisory only and shall not be acted upon unless confirmed in writing by the CO. Contract physician and support staff providing healthcare services to IHS patients shall be considered as part of the Department Healthcare Activity and shall comply with the U.S.C.551a (Privacy Act), 38 U.S.C. 5701 (Confidentiality of claimants records), 5 U.S.C. 552 (FOIA), 38 U.S.C. 5705 (Confidentiality of Medical Quality Assurance Records) 38 U.S.C. 7332 (Confidentiality of certain medical records), 5 U.S.C. § 522a (Records Maintained on Individuals) as well as 45 C.F.R. Parts 160, 162, and 164 (HIPAA). Disclosure: Contract staff may have access to patient medical records: however, Contractor shall obtain permission from the IHS HIM before disclosing any patient information. Subject to applicable federal confidentiality or privacy laws, the Contractor, or their designated representatives, and designated representatives of federal regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over Contractor, may have access to IHSs’ records, at IHS’s place of business on request during normal business hours, to inspect and review and make copies of such records. The penalties and liabilities for the unauthorized disclosure of IHS patient information mandated by the statutes and regulations mentioned above, apply to the Contractor. Professional Standards for Documenting Care: Care shall be appropriately documented in medical records in accordance with standard commercial practice and guidelines established by IHS Manual and all guidelines provided by the IHS. Release of Information: The IHS shall maintain control of releasing any patient medical information and will follow policies and standards as defined, but not limited to Privacy Act requirements. In the case of the IHS authorizing the Contractor to release patient information, the Contractor in compliance with IHS regulations, and at his/her own expense, shall use IHS Form, Request for and Consent to Release of Information from Individual’s Records, to process “Release of Information Requests”. In addition, the Contractor shall be responsible for locating and forwarding records not kept at their facility. The IHS’s Release of Information Section shall provide the Contractor with assistance in completing forms. Additionally, the Contractor shall use IHS Form, Request for and Authorization to Release Medical Records or Health Information, when releasing records protected by 38 U.S.C. 7332. Treatment and release records shall include the patient’s consent form. Direct Patient Care: 90% of the time involved in direct patient care. Per the qualification section of this SOW, the Contractor shall provide the following staff: Board Certified OB/GYN physician at WSU. The Contractor will be assigned to the IHS facility and report on-site to ensure the quality of the OB/GYN program. Registered Ultrasound Technician at the WSU. The Contractor will be assigned to the IHS facility and report on-site to ensure the quality of the OB/GYN program. Nurse (RN or LPN) at the WSU. The Contractor will be assigned to the IHS facility and report on-site to ensure the quality of the OB/GYN program. Scope of Care: Contract staff (as appropriate and within scope of practice/privileging) shall be responsible for providing OB/GYN care, including, but not limited to: Evaluation, Treatment and Management: Employment of the principles of OB/GYN care. Initial and follow-up evaluation, treatment and management for OB/GYN care encompassing, but not limited to gestation, childbirth, reproductive disorders, prenatal care, sexually transmitted diseases, paps, family plann...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: John Archambeau
  - Email: john.archambeau@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6053844857

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3fd9562adb5f482da67f0054bc7747f1/view)