---
layout: default
title: Provide Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (HCAHPS) Surveys at the Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility in Belcourt, ND
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 837dc336e7134e2c961c0208239c2d19
---

# Provide Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (HCAHPS) Surveys at the Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility in Belcourt, ND

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 12:31:49.813-04
- Solicitation Number: RFQ_75H70626Q00093

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice, FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items (Title VIII of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994) (Public Law 103-355). This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility (QNBMHCF), Belcourt Indian Health Service (IHS) intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price, Commercial Item, Purchase Order, in response to Request for Quote (RFQ) 75H70626Q00093. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-03 01/08/2026. This RFQ is issued as unrestricted and the associated NAICS Code is 541910, which has a small business standard of 22.5 million employees. The quoted unit pricing must be all inclusive (to include but not be limited to travel, lodging, per diem, fringe benefits, federal, state and local taxes) plus all other costs pertinent to the performance of this contract. Utilize your most competitive and reasonable rates. Complete the attached Price Schedule for: Per the attached SOW To provide Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (HCAHPS) Surveys at the QNBMHCF, Belcourt (IHS) Hospital. The period of performance will be a base year plus four (4) option year periods. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION OCT 2025). Quotes shall be submitted on company letterhead stationery, signed, dated and it shall include: Solicitation number RFQ 75H70626Q00093. Closing Date: March 21, 2026, at 12:00 pm CST. Name, address and telephone number of company and email address of contact person. Technical description of the item/service being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements of the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary. Price and any discount terms. “Remit to” address, if different than mailing address. Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments (if any issued). Past performance information, when included as an evaluation factor, to include recent and relevant contracts for the same or similar items and other references (including contract numbers, points of contact with telephone numbers and other relevant information). A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Offerors that fail to furnish required representations or information, or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. Basis of award is Lowest Price, Technically Acceptable “LPTA” quote package. All of the above is required in order to be considered technically acceptable. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION Oct 2025). (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to, the responsible offeror, whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Technical Capability, Past Performance, and Price Technical and past performance, when combined, are less important than price (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023) – See attachment; is incorporated by reference. Attached are the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) & Health & Human Services Acquisition Regulation (HHSAR) clauses that are applicable. Offers will be accepted electronically, Submit via e-mail to the following: Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility, Belcourt Indian Health Service Attn: Farrah Azure, Purchasing Agent Email Farrah.Azure@ihs.gov Questions and Answers Does the facility have any specific preferences or requirements regarding color of materials (logo for cover sheets, surveys, and envelopes)? No How many supplemental questions does the facility anticipate including in addition to the core survey instrument? None Of the supplemental questions, how many will be open-ended? NA Are there any special reporting requirements (customized reporting formats, additional cross-tabulations, dashboards)? Vendor must be CMS approved Will the facility require delivery of raw data files in addition to the final report, or is reporting in summary format sufficient? No will not require raw data If raw data files are requested, please specify any preferred file formats (CSV, Excel, SPSS) and transmission requirements. NA Questions in regard to this solicitation shall be submitted in writing by email, no later than March 5, 2026, 12:00pm CST. Contractors will need your Unique Entity ID, TIN number, and be registered with www.sam.gov. No contract award shall be made to any vendor or provider listed on the OIG Exclusion List http://exclusions.oig.hhs.gov throughout the duration of the contract. ACCEPTANCE PERIOD: Your proposal must stipulate that it is predicated upon all the terms and conditions of this RFQ. In addition, it must contain a statement to the effect that it is firm for a period of at least 30 days from the date of receipt by the Government. Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) The Indian Health Service (IHS) is in the process of implementing an electronic invoicing system. In compliance with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) M-15-19 memorandum “Improving Government Efficiency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars Through Electronic Invoicing” directing Federal agencies to adopt electronic invoicing as the primary means to disburse payment to vendors. Invoices submitted under any award will be required to utilize the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) in accordance with HHSAR 352.232-71, Electronic Submission and Processing of Payment Requests” IPP is a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Bureau of the Fiscal Service, in partnership with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis (FRSTL). Respondents are encouraged to register an account with IPP if they have not already done so. If your organization is already registered to use IPP, you will not be required to re-register- however, we encourage you make sure your organization and designated IPP user accounts are valid and up to date. The IPP website address is: https://www.ipp.gov If you require assistance registering or IPP account access, please contact the IPP Helpdesk at (866) 973-3131 (M-F 8AM to 6PM ET), or IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov Should the contractor feel that use of the IPP would be unduly burdensome, their response to this solicitation should include an explanation of this position for a determination by the contracting officer.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Farrah Azure
  - Email: farrah.azure@ihs.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/837dc336e7134e2c961c0208239c2d19/view)