---
layout: default
title: LLA Navigation Lock Switchgear
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ca449348a20f47a7aa3083108827757a
---

# LLA Navigation Lock Switchgear

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-06 12:48:06.816-05
- Solicitation Number: W912EF26RSS12

## Summary

LLA Navigation Lock Switchgear Sources Sought Notice: W912EF26RSS12 The US Army Corps of Engineers, Walla Walla District is seeking interested offerors for construction project entitled: LLA Navigation Switchgear. The Construction will occur at the Lower Granite Dam and will be a firm fixed price contract. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this project is 238210 Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors and the associated small business size standard is $19 million. Performance and payment bonds will be required. This sources-sought announcement is a tool to identify businesses with the capability to accomplish the work. This is not a solicitation. Only those firms who respond to this announcement by submitting the following information will be used in determining whether to set aside this requirement. A). A list of current or past projects demonstrating technical experience with work of a similar nature to that listed in the Summary Scope of Work. For each project submitted, provide a brief narrative statement of the work involved, your firm’s role in the project, performance period, the dollar value and the completion date. Include a statement detailing any special qualifications and certifications, applicable to the scope of this project, held by your firm and/or in-house personnel. If any of the experience is that of a subcontractor, please specify that information in your response. B). A reference list for each of the projects submitted in A) above. Include the name, title, phone number and email address for each reference. C). Provide a statement of your firm’s business size (HUBZone, Service Disabled Veteran Owned, 8(a), small disadvantaged, or woman-owned) with regards to the NAICS code listed above. D). Provide the percentage of work you (as the prime) intend to perform. If you intend to subcontract a major portion of the work (defined as at least 20% of the work), please include this information in your response. E). Provide a statement that your firm intends to submit an offer on the project when it is advertised. F). Provide a statement of your firm’s bonding capacity. A statement from your surety is NOT required. G). Cage Code and DUNS number. Submit this information to LeAnne Walling, Contract Specialist and Jani Long, Contracting Officer, via email to leanne.r.walling@usace.army.mil and Jani.C.Long@usace.army.mil. Your response to this notice must be received on or before 2:00p.m. (PST) on 23 March 2026. Summary of Scope of Work: The existing navigation lock electrical unit substation, switchgear, transformers, and motor control centers are original to the dam and have been operating for over 55 years. The equipment has far exceeded the typical equipment service life and needs replacement. The age of the equipment has made procuring replacement parts difficult. Operation and maintenance of the equipment remain more hazardous to workers due to the age and arc flash category rating of the equipment. Failure of the electrical system could impact the operation of the lock which would ultimately affect navigation on the Snake River. This project involves replacing existing medium and low voltage switchgear lineups and their associated feeder cables with modernized medium and low voltage switchgear and motor control center lineups at Lower Granite Dam Navigation Lock. The main features of work includes: Provide and install one (1) new medium voltage switch gear. Provide and install one (1) new low voltage switch gear. Provide and install two (2) new motor control center lineups. Provide modernized controls for existing electrical loads. Provide one (1) new 4,160/480-V 1,000 kVA transformer. Provide lighting load centers to replace existing panels. Provide new concrete housekeeping pads for new electrical equipment. Provide new cable trays and conduits where required by circuit reconfigurations and to bring fill ratios to levels that meet electrical codes. Provide an HMI screen to replace an existing annunciator panel. Demolish existing medium and low voltage switchgear, motor controls centers, and transformers. Demolish the existing 480VAC feeders routed from existing low voltage switchgear and motor control centers. Seal hatch and any expansion joints, or cracks, to prevent water intrusion in an existing electrical room. This work is anticipated to be performed in 2028 and 2029, with cutover power construction work being completed during the 2028 and 2029 navigation lock outages. Access to the navigation lock deck and electrical substation rooms will be available for workers and equipment. Anticipated Award: November 2026 Anticipated Notice to Proceed: December 2026 Preconstruction submittals and switchgear procurement: December 2026 – 3 March 2028 Navigation lock outage to cutover power to temporary power system: 4 March 2028 – 16 March 2028 Switchgear and motor control center installation: 17 March 2028 – 1 March 2029 Navigation lock outage to cutover power to new electrical equipment: 1 March 2029 – 14 March 2029 Final punch list and closeout tasks: 15 March 2029 – 25 April 2029 All on-site work shall be performed in accordance with the Corps of Engineers Safety and Health Requirements Manual (EM 385-1-1). The Contractor will be responsible for establishing and managing an effective on-site Safety and Health program in accordance with EM 385-1-1 that will require the development and submission of a comprehensive project specific Accident Prevention Plan for Government acceptance. In addition, the Contractor will be required to develop and submit for Government acceptance Activity Hazard Analyses for each phase of work and a project specific Fall Protection Plan that comply with EM 385-1-1. A Site Safety and Health Officer (SSHO) employed by the prime contractor shall be required for each shift of the contractor’s on-site operations. The SSHO shall possess a minimum of 5-years’ experience in construction safety on similar projects, shall have completed the 30-Hour OSHA Construction Safety training within the last 5-years, and shall have completed at least 24-hours of formal safety training each year for the past 5-years. The Contractor will be responsible for establishing and managing an effective Contractor Quality Control (CQC) System that will require the development and submission of a comprehensive project specific CQC Plan for Government acceptance. A CQC System Manager employed by the prime contractor shall be required to be on-site for each shift of the Contractor’s operations. The CQC System Manager must possess a minimum of 5-years relevant experience in a supervisory or management position such as Quality Control Manager, Quality Assurance Manager, or Construction Manager directly involved in the management of construction quality at the project site. In addition, the CQC System Manager shall have completed the course entitled “Construction Quality Management for Contractors” within the last 5-years. The Contractor will be required to use the Government-furnished Construction Contractor Module (referred to as QCS) of the Resident Management System (RMS) to record, maintain, and submit various information throughout the contract period. QCS is a Windows-based program that can be run on a stand-alone personal computer or on a network. The Government will make the QCS software available to the Contractor after contract award. The project will involve the development and management of Contractor furnished submittals for items such as pre-construction plans, product data, test reports, and contract close-out documentation as required by the technical specifications of the contract. Miscellaneous work within the project includes the delivery of As-Built Drawings.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: LeAnne R. Walling
  - Email: leanne.r.walling@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 5095277230
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jani C Long
  - Email: jani.c.long@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 5095277209

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ca449348a20f47a7aa3083108827757a/view)