---
layout: default
title: Fire Alarm System Testing & Inspection- Elgin, IL TRACON
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 01a4e60143d14e4bbb4964c29844b1e9
---

# Fire Alarm System Testing & Inspection- Elgin, IL TRACON

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 16:32:48.169-04
- Solicitation Number: 697DCK-26-C-00139

## Summary

Amendment 0001 Posted 3/12/26 to: Provide answers to submitted questions. Answers to questions are provided below; Change contract start date for base year from 4/1/2026 to 5/1/2026. Publish latest Annual Inspection Reports for Fire and Sprinkler systems. Replace Attachment 1- Statement of Work with revised version (v2), dated 3/11/2026. Hereby extend the offer due date for this solicitation to March 26, 2026 at 5:00 PM CT. Submission of signed copy of this amendment is required for acknowledgement (Per SIR Amendment Block # 11). Request for Offer/Solicitation # 697DCK-26-R-00139 for Fire Alarm System Testing and Inspection Services at the FAA, Chicago Terminal Radar Control Facility (TRACON), Elgin, Illinois. To view the solicitation and applicable attachments for this procurement, please visit: https://sam.gov/. Select “Contract Opportunities" and then select "Search Contract Opportunities." You can input the solicitation number in the search field. This is a firm, fixed price (FFP) procurement set as full and open competition and a Total Small Business Set-Aside. The Principal North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) size standard code for this requirement is 561621, Security Systems Services (except Locksmiths). SITE VISIT A one-time site visit is scheduled for Tuesday, February 24, 2024 at 9:00 AM CT. Attendees must register. Please see further details in Section B of the attached SIR/Solicitation document. QUESTIONS All Questions/Requests for Information (RFI) must be emailed to alicia.m.grant@faa.gov (Contracting Officer) no later than March 2, 2026 at 5:00 PM CT to allow sufficient time to respond. Please include Solicitation/SIR # 697DCK-26-R-00139 in subject line of email correspondence. NO PHONE CALLS, PLEASE. Potential offerors should note that the FAA reserves the right to communicate with one or more offerors at any time during the RFO process Proposals must be received by email no later than the specified date and time listed in Section 8 of the SIR/Solicitation document, to the Contracting Officer at alicia.m.grant@faa.gov. Any responses received after the closing date and time, may not be considered in accordance with AMS provision 3.2.2.3-14, Late Submissions, Modifications, and Withdrawals of Submittals. This RFP is not to be construed as a contract or a commitment of any kind. The Government shall not be liable for payment of any costs attributed to the preparation and submission of requested proposal documentation. LIST OF ATTACHMENTS 697DCK-26-R-00139 SIR- C90 Fire Alarm Testing Inspection Attachment J-1- Statement of Work Attachment J-2- Wage Determination Attachment J-3- Customer Satisfaction Survey Attachment J-4- Contractor Staffing Questionnaire NOTICE for informational purposes for Minority, Women-owned and Disadvantaged Business Enterprises: The Department of Transportation (DOT), Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization (OSDBU), has a program to assist small businesses, small businesses owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and women-owned concerns to acquire short-term working capital assistance for transportation-related contracts. Loans are available under the DOT Short Term Lending Program (STLP) at prime interest rates to provide accounts receivable financing. The maximum line of credit is $750,000. For further information and applicable forms concerning STLP, call the OSDBU at (800) 532-1169.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Alicia Grant
  - Email: alicia.m.grant@faa.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Statement of Work with revised version (v2), dated 3/11/2026. Hereby extend the offer due date for this solicitation to March 26, 2026 at 5:00 PM CT. Submission of signed copy of this amendment is required for acknowledgement (Per SIR Amendment Block # 11). Request for Offer/Solicitation # 697DCK-26-R-00139 for Fire Alarm System Testing and Inspection Services at the FAA, Chicago Terminal Radar Control Facility (TRACON), Elgin, Illinois. To view the solicitation and applicable attachments for this procurement, please visit: https://sam.gov/. Select “Contract Opportunities" and then select "Search Contract Opportunities." You can input the solicitation number in the search field. This is a firm, fixed price (FFP) procurement set as full and open competition and a Total Small Business Set-Aside. The Principal North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) size standard code for this requirement is 561621, Security Systems Services (except Locksmiths). SITE VISIT A one-time site visit is scheduled for Tuesday, February 24, 2024 at 9:00 AM CT. Attendees must register. Please see further details in Section B of the attached SIR/Solicitation document. QUESTIONS All Questions/Requests for Information (RFI) must be emailed to alicia.m.grant@faa.gov (Contracting Officer) no later than March 2, 2026 at 5:00 PM CT to allow sufficient time to respond. Please include Solicitation/SIR # 697DCK-26-R-00139 in subject line of email correspondence. NO PHONE CALLS, PLEASE. Potential offerors should note that the FAA reserves the right to communicate with one or more offerors at any time during the RFO process Proposals must be received by email no later than the specified date and time listed in Section 8 of the SIR/Solicitation document, to the Contracting Officer at alicia.m.grant@faa.gov. Any responses received after the closing date and time, may not be considered in accordance with AMS provision 3.2.2.3-14, Late Submissions, Modifications, and Withdrawals of Submittals. This RFP is not to be construed as a contract or a commitment of any kind. The Government shall not be liable for payment of any costs attributed to the preparation and submission of requested proposal documentation. LIST OF ATTACHMENTS 697DCK-26-R-00139 SIR- C90 Fire Alarm Testing Inspection Attachment J-1- Statement of Work Attachment J-2- Wage Determination Attachment J-3- Customer Satisfaction Survey Attachment J-4- Contractor Staffing Questionnaire NOTICE for informational purposes for Minority, Women-owned and Disadvantaged Business Enterprises: The Department of Transportation (DOT), Office of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization (OSDBU), has a program to assist small businesses, small businesses owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and women-owned concerns to acquire short-term working capital assistance for transportation-related contracts. Loans are available under the DOT Short Term Lending Program (STLP) at prime interest rates to provide accounts receivable financing. The maximum line of credit is $750,000. For further information and applicable forms concerning STLP, call the OSDBU at (800) 532-1169

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/01a4e60143d14e4bbb4964c29844b1e9/view)