---
layout: default
title: Y1DA--Replacement AC Package Units at St. Albans Community Living Center 179-00 Linden Blvd, Jamaica, NY 11425
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 0e335d4779df4180b45d1f9830442df0
---

# Y1DA--Replacement AC Package Units at St. Albans Community Living Center 179-00 Linden Blvd, Jamaica, NY 11425

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-08 10:41:13.826-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24226B0035
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Replacement AC Package Units; Solicitation No. 36C24226B0035; Project No. 630A4-26-409 at St. Albans Community Living Center, 179-00 Linden Blvd, Jamaica, NY 11425. The purpose of this amendment is to provide responses to Request for Information (RFI) and Questions, RFIs and Questions responses are hereby included. Additional changes to the Scope of Work are also included. Scope of Work Addition and Remove Highlighted in Red = Removed from Scope of Work Highlighted in Green = Added to Scope of Work Scope of Work: Contractor to provide pretesting, post-testing, balancing and deficiency reports for all replacement / restoration work to verify all work. Contractor to furnish and install lockable local disconnect switches for all installations. Contractor to be responsible for any new duct connections and cleaning of existing ductwork used in HVAC renovations. Contractor to clean and certify all ductwork. Remove and replace the following, one unit per location listed: AHUs serving: Building 87 Chapel Building 88 Commissary Office AC package units serving: Building 89 Floor 2 Pub Outdoor Air-cooled chiller serving: Building 87 Sterile Processing Department (SPD) Outdoor condensers serving: Building 87 Chapel AHU Building 89 Floor 2 Dining Room AC Package Unit Building 89 Floor 2 Pub AC Package Unit Restore and make operational the following, one unit per location listed: AC Package Units serving: Building 64 Boiler Plant Building 85/86 Floors 2 and 3 Building 86 Adult Day Health Care. Building 89 Nutrition and Food Services (NFS) Building 89 Pharmacy Building 89 Pharmacy Storage Building 89 Recreation Service Building 91 Director Conference Room AHUs serving: Building 88 Commissary Office Building 88 Commissary Dom HVAC units located in: Building 64 Boiler Plant Ground Floor Building 64 Boiler Plant Lower Level Install new electric air curtains; contractor to supply power, breakers, and conduit. Remove existing electric air curtains located at: Building 89 Loading Dock Building 89 Main Entrance Install new electric air curtains, MARS Model 96HV-2 or similar, at locations: Building 85 Main Entrance Building 88 Outpatient Clinic Entrance Building 89 Loading Dock Building 89 Main Entrance Performance Period: 365 Calendar Days Responses to RFIs/Questions S.O.W. ITEM 5-a-i Building 64 Boiler Plant . Please provide information. No documentation was made available nor was information available on the walk-through VA Response: Allocation: (16) hours of diagnostics, (16) hours for deficiency report, (40) labor hours, and $10,000 in materials for repairs/restoration based on findings of diagnostics report. S.O.W. ITEM 6-b-i and 6-b-ii Please provide distance(s) to VA electrical sources for NEW air curtains, Bldg. 85 and 88. VA Response: The maximum distance to VA electrical sources for the new air curtains in Buildings 85 and 88 is not to exceed 150 feet. Are the RETURN AIR FANS and EXHAUSTS (which are physically separate from the AHUs on the listed built-up systems) to be included in the replacements/restorations? VA Response: See Question 1 response. S.O.W. ITEM 4-a-ii and S.O.W. ITEM 5-b-i appear contradictory. 4-a-ii calls for the replacement of the COMISSARY OFFICE AHU while 5-b-i calls for restoration. Please clarify. VA Response: There are two Commissary units: Commissary Office and Commissary Dom. Both are for restoration. It appears that the TAG CANTEEN and NFS represent the same unit on two separate documents. Refer to the EXCELL EQUIPMENT LIST page 1, line 7 and compare to S.O.W. ITEM 5-a-iv. Please clarify. VA Response: Disregard Canteen Condensing Unit in the Excel Equipment List. NFS in this case refers to the AHU found in the Building 89 Basement Mechanical Room A-215. BUILDING 89 CANTEEN - Please confirm that the AHU shall be restored (S.O.W. ITEM 5-a-iv) while the DX condensing unit is to be replaced. VA Response: The condensers to be replaced are associated with the Dining Room unit, the Pub unit, and the Chapel AHU. The NFS unit s outdoor condenser is not in scope for replacement. Will related ancillary equipment such as STEAM GENERATORS be restored/replaced based on the specific AHU requirements? VA Response: See Question 1 response. Please provide any diagnostic information available for the restoration items.: VA Response: See Question 1 response. Please provide specifications for the new equipment as available. VA response: Refer to the 630A4-26-409 Equipment Listing excel sheet attached on the solicitation with Manufacturer/Model# for reference only. The contractor is required to submit an Approved Equal for approval. Please review the attached INITIAL EQUIPMENT LISTING document we have created. Please make any corrections to it and/or confirm it is a comprehensive list. VA Response: Please see the attached VA Response SOW and VA Response Equipment Listing. Confirm the extent of new piping and ductwork, on either the restoration or replacement units, is to be limited to the boundaries of the MER unless otherwise noted. VA Response: Confirmed, new piping and ductwork are limited to the boundaries of the MER only unless otherwise noted. Please provide a list of required drawings. Will there be engineered and stamped drawing required? VA Response: Provide as-built dwgs, shop drawings, cut sheets, and certified balancing reports as typically required. Please confirm preferred vendor for DDC control work is JCI John Mirrione. VA Response: Confirmed. Johnson Controls Confirm that TESTING AND BALANCING of the completed AHU work shall be of total fluid flows for equipment performance only to meet the submittal requirement. There shall not be complete distribution system balancing for ither air or water flow. VA Response: Contractor to provide pretesting, post-testing, balancing and deficiency reports for all related new work replacement / restoration work. Confirm that rigging for the DINING ROOM YORK ACCU-1 condensing unit located at Bldg. 89 in the lower courtyard area is approved from the grassy area at the upper level and that no underground construct would prohibit access. VA Response: There is no prohibited access if rigging complies with OSHA requirements. EXTENT of ductwork cleaning please provide. In all cases is it up to the MER limit or inclusive of other areas. Will biological and cleanliness sampling be required as per trade or VA requirements? VA Response: Ductwork cleaning is required up to the MER boundaries unless otherwise specified, with biological and cleanliness sampling mandated per industry and VA standards. 630A4-26-409 Replacement AC Package Units St. Albans VAMC 179-00 Linden Blvd, Jamaica, NY 11425 VA RFI Response Equipment Listing BUILDING REPLACE/REPAIR/NEW AREA SERVED DESCRIPTION 64 Repair Boiler Plant HVAC Unit Ground Level 64 Repair Boiler Plant HVAC Unit Lower Level 86 Repair Intermediate Care BASEMENT AHU-1 MCQUAY 86 Repair Adult Day Care ACU-3 TRANE INTELLIPAK 87 Replace Chapel Indoor AHU and Outdoor Condensing Unit 87 Replace Nursing Care Sterile Processing Department (SPD) Package Chiller 88 Repair Commissary Office AHU-1 MCQUAY ROOM S-203 88 Repair Commissary Dom AHU-2 Floor 2 Mechanical Room 89 Replace Dining Room York Outdoor Condenser Unit Only, No AHU Work 89 Replace Dining Room Pub Indoor Package Unit and Outdoor Condenser 89 Repair Recreation Service Carrier Vert Pkg. Floor 2 Closet 89 Repair Pharmacy Room A-141 Small Tonnage 89 Repair Pharmacy Storage Room A-146 Small Tonnage 91 Repair Director Conference MER ROOM E-131 FLOOR 1 SCAC-3 85 New Bldg. 85 Main Entrance Air Curtain 88 New Outpatient Clinic Entrance Air Curtain 89 Replace Bldg. 89 Main Entrance Air Curtain 89 Replace Loading Dock Air Curtain

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Yingjie Yeung
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Yingjie.Yeung@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0e335d4779df4180b45d1f9830442df0/view)