---
layout: default
title: Z1DA--Copy of Upgrade TV System IFB 553-22-209
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: e8114e0425bc44bb87a7addfd2e85f31
---

# Z1DA--Copy of Upgrade TV System IFB 553-22-209

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 15:18:51.455-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25026B0031
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Presolicitation Notice Presolicitation Notice Page 3 of 4 Presolicitation Notice *=Required Field Presolicitation Notice Page 1 of 4 SUBJECT* Upgrade TV System IFB 553-22-209 GENERAL INFORMATION CONTRACTING OFFICE S ZIP CODE* 48105 SOLICITATION NUMBER* 36C25025B0046 RESPONSE DATE/TIME/ZONE 12-19-2025 15:00 EASTERN TIME, NEW YORK, USA ARCHIVE 60 DAYS AFTER THE RESPONSE DATE SET-ASIDE SDVOSBC PRODUCT SERVICE CODE* Z1DA NAICS CODE* 236220 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE John D. Dingell VA Medical Center 4646 John R St. Detroit MI POSTAL CODE 48201 COUNTRY CONTACT INFORMATION CONTRACTING OFFICE ADDRESS Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office 10 24 Frank Lloyd Wright Dr. Ann Arbor MI 48105 POINT OF CONTACT* Contract Specialist Angelo D Vivio Angelo.Vivio@va.gov ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AGENCY S URL URL DESCRIPTION AGENCY CONTACT S EMAIL ADDRESS EMAIL DESCRIPTION DESCRIPTION Page 4 of 4 Page 4 of 4 This is a Pre-Solicitation announcement to inform potential offerors of the Department of Veterans Affairs intent to advertise an Invitation For Bids (IFB) on Project 553-22-209 - Upgrade TV System at the VA Medical Center in Detroit, Michigan. An Invitation for Bid (IFB) is planned to be issued on or about December 20th, 2025. Contractor shall furnish all labor, tools, materials, and equipment to install a 1.4 telecom system associated with the VHA Master Specifications for the requested work at the John D. Dingell VA Medical Center as required by this statement of work and drawings. Contractor shall procure, install, test, and label approximately 6000 linear feet of fiber optic cable and provide pull strings including supplying all patch cables. Testing shall provide all installed cable lengths and passing of continuity. Labeling shall be placed at all ends of cables and conduit. Contractor shall procure and install all necessary cable raceways with 1 (green powder coated) EMT conduit, 1 flex conduit where necessary, j-boxes, j-hooks, fittings, and hardware. All fiber optic cable connectors shall be punched down and terminated. Contractor shall assemble and install up to 40 networking cable mitigation boards, (4 x4 AC grade 3/4 trade size fire-rated plywood backboard painted high-gloss white with two coats of fire-resistant paint), and shall procure and install up to 45 Fiber distribution boxes for multiple single and multi-mode cables. Contractors shall use HILTI-FS1, facility unique brand name, fire stopping and installing at both ends of all raceway penetrations. Contractors shall be responsible for all areas of work associated costs that require safety and infectious control measures. Contractors shall seal electrical closet/work area doors with 6mm or greater plastic with dust barrier zippers and follow all prevention control measures IAW the facilities permits, quality controls, and risk assessments. Contractors shall acquire and set up an air scrubber with duct work up to the exhaust fans shrouds and install sticky mats at the doors prior to any work in any area. Contractors shall assemble and install all government furnished equipment; up to 35 new networking racks, up to 45 rack mounted uninterrupted power supplies, up to 40 racks mounted ethernet switches, up to 80 fiber optic transceivers, and up to 45 rack mounted keystone patch panels. During assembly of the racks, if needed the contractor shall furnish materials/adapters for mounting equipment. All equipment shall be bonded and grounded. Contractor shall wipe down installed equipment, remove all excess and existing materials, and sweep and mop the floors to all work areas when completed. All deducted or unassociated work on the drawings for CAT6A and power drops and any other work not stated in this statement or on the drawings will be completed by others. 3. Performance Period/Schedule The Contractor shall fully complete the work required under this SOW in 240 calendar days or less from the date of issuance of the Notice to Proceed unless directed otherwise. All work performed shall be fully documented by the Contractor. Construction shall be performed in compliance with manufacturer s recommendations and applicable Codes and VA standards. Provide all construction and safety barriers, temporary dust partitions, temporary gyp.bd. partitions and fire-retardant plastic sheeting as required by VA. Provide walk off mats. Provide submittals and shop drawings to COR for approvals. Perform all work without disruption to Medical Center operations. Normal administrative hours: 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Monday thru Friday (Excluding Federal Holidays). Normal working hours shall be between 7:00 a.m. 4:30 p.m. Authorization to work other than normal working hours will be requested in advance for evaluation and approval by the COR and Contracting. All work performed shall be fully documented by the Contractor. Construction shall be performed in compliance with manufacturer s recommendation and applicable Codes and VA Detroit Building Standards. Provide all construction and safety barriers as required by Detroit VA HCS. Provide submittals for approval. Contractor to order and have all materials and equipment on site before beginning demolition. The Contractor s Project Manager shall have their 30-hour OSHA certificates, and all subcontractors shall have their 10-hour OSHA training certificates. Parking and admission to the work area will be scheduled in the Engineering Admin Office located on the lower level of the Detroit VA HCS. The North American Industry Classification Code (NAICS) for this procurement is 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction with a small business size standard of $45.0 million. Magnitude of cost for this project is Between $500,000 and $1,000,000. The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed Price Contract within 120 days from bid opening date. This acquisition is a 100% set-aside for qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB). This notice is for informational purposes only and is not a request for submission of offers. No other information regarding scope, dates, etc. is available until issuance of the solicitation via Contract Opportunities at. https://sam.gov. As authorized by FAR 5.102, solicitation dissemination is limited to electronic medium, and the VA will provide no hard copies. The solicitation, consisting of various bid documents, specifications, forms, and drawings will be available for download from the Contract Opportunities website located at https://sam.gov on or about December 29, 2023. Further details of all dates and events, including site visit and bid due date, will be available in the solicitation. Contract Opportunities website is the only official location to obtain solicitation information and documents.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Angelo D Vivio
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Angelo.Vivio@va.gov
  - Phone: 734-845-3802

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e8114e0425bc44bb87a7addfd2e85f31/view)