---
layout: default
title: Q517--Alx-Provide Urgent/Emergent Prescription Services
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 7d072e3ef1604a0aa0089aa6c2caf67b
---

# Q517--Alx-Provide Urgent/Emergent Prescription Services

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-20 14:30:07.675-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0682
- Awardee: null

## Summary

1. Title: Urgent and Emergent Medications Services, Base + 4 Option Years, Alex, LA VAMC 2. Purpose: The Network Contracting Office (NCO) 16 located at 5075 Westheimer Road, Galleria Financial Center, Suite 750, Houston, Texas, hereby issues the following Sources Sought to Request Information (RFI) with the intent of determining the contractor interest, capabilities, qualifications of potential businesses, nonmanufacturer rule compliance, Buy American Act compliance, Trade Agreement compliance and estimated industry pricing information for market research and estimated budgetary purpose for Urgent and Emergent Medications Services for the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Centers (VAMC) in Alexandria, LA. (Pharmaceutical Services Department). This contractor shall ensure to be an external vendor with the capability to dispense prescription medications for patients served by the medical center and the below listed Community Based Outpatient Clinics (CBOCs) during urgent and emergent situations where AVAHCS and/or its CBOCs and internal pharmacies may be unavailable due to natural or manmade disasters as well as first-fill pharmacy services for patients with an urgent or emergency need for medication Government requests that interested offerors complete all questions below, provide required documentation, descriptive literature and authorization letter as described below. The Government is in no way obligated to do business with or enter into any form of contract with any person, firm or other entity that receives or responds to this announcement. 3. Objective: To find qualified and certified contractors with the capability to provide the following: a. The Alexandria Veterans Healthcare System (AVHCS), 2495 Shreveport Highway 71 North, Pineville, LA 71360, requires an external vendor with the capability to dispense prescription medications for patients served by the medical center and the below listed Community Based Outpatient Clinics (CBOCs) during urgent and emergent situations where AVAHCS and/or its CBOCs and internal pharmacies may be unavailable due to natural or manmade disasters as well as first-fill pharmacy services for patients with an urgent or emergency need for medication (as prescribed in the included draft of the Statement of Work). 4. Place of Performance: Locations: The site of the pharmacy must be within the Continental United States. The following is a list of locations: Alexandria VAHCS 2495 Shreveport Highway 71 North Pineville, LA 71360 Lake Charles CBOC 3601 Gerstner Memorial Drive, HWY 14 Lake Charles, LA 70607 Jennings Clinic 1907 Johnson Street, Jennings, LA 70546 Fort Polk CBOC 3353 University Parkway Leesville, LA 71446 Lafayette CBOC Campus A 3149 Ambassador Caffery Parkway Lafayette, LA 70501 Natchitoches CBOC 740 Keyser Avenue Natchitoches, LA 71457 Lafayette CBOC Campus B 309 Julien Avenue Lafayette, LA 70506 5. Responses Requested: NCO 16 requires all the following information and questions answered in this RFI/SS: Questions and information that is not provided shall be considered nonresponsive to the Request for Information and contractor shall not be considered as part of the market research. a. Contractors shall provide their point(s) of contact name, address, telephone number, and email address, and the company's business size, and SAM Unique Entity Identification Number. b. Is your company a small business, SDBs, HUBZone, or 8A concern? Please provide proof of qualifications. c. Does your company meet all required four prong factors for the Nonmanufacturer Rule (NMR) per guidance of SBA and 13 C.F.R. §

121.406 Offer must answer all questions below. 1. Does your company exceed size standard for $38M? _________ 2. Is your company primarily engaged in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sells the type of products being supplied? __________ 3. Does your company must take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment, or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? __________ 4. Does your company supply the end products of a small business manufacturer or processor made in the United States? _____________ d. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code 456110. e. Do you (offer) manufacture the product yourself or a distributor of the items being researched above? f. Are you an authorized distributor/reseller? Provide evidence from original equipment manufacturer (OEM). g. Do you (offer) supply a product manufactured by another domestic small business, if it is a nonmanufacturer? h. Do you (offer) supply the product of any sized manufacturer if SBA has granted a waiver to the nonmanufacturer rule? i. Is your (offer) Buy American Certificate completed in SAM? Please provide evidence with response. j. Is your (offer) Trade Agreement Certificate completed in SAM? Please provide evidence with response. k. Information for the name brand or equal product being requested, is it manufactured outside the US-Domestic non-available? l. Information for the name brand or equal product being requested, is it a foreign manufactured end product under the trade agreement? m. What is your schedule of delivery after receipt of order for the name brand or equal product? n. For the name brand or equal product required, Is your company available under any; Government Wide Agency Contract (GWAC) General Services Administration Schedules (GSA) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) If so, please list the contract number for name brand or equal product. o. Provide descriptive literature demonstrating ability to meet all of the requirement/salient characteristics listed if other than brand name product is being offered. Please provide list of contracts for commercial, federal, state, and local governments. Listed contracts shall provide communication on the government requirement illustrating the capability for comparison. to the name brand or equal product meeting the specific requirements per the draft Statement of Work. p. Contractors shall provide estimated industry pricing for brand name or equal product for market research and budgetary purposes. 6. Opportunity: NCO 16, is seeking information from potential contractors on their ability to provide this service. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT FOR REQUEST INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. Small Business Concerns are encouraged to provide responses to this Sources Sought to assist the MEDVAMC in determining potential levels of competition available in the industry. Contractors shall possess the capability to provide all requirements and objectives. 7. Instructions and Response Guidelines: Sources Sought responses are due by May 1, 2026 at 1630 (CST) via email to LeKisha.Douglas@va.gov . All Questions shall be submitted by April 27, 2026 at 1200 (CST) via email to LeKisha.Douglas@va.gov. Telephone requests or inquiries will not be accepted. Public Information will not be provided and shall be utilized to the full extent possible. This is a New Requirement. The subject line shall read: 36C25626Q0682 -RFI-Sources Sought- The Contractor shall provide Urgent and Emergent Medications Services for the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Centers (VAMC) in Alexandria, LA. NO SOLICITATION EXISTS AT THIS TIME. There is no page limitation on subparagraphs 5(a) - 5(o). Please provide the information you deem relevant to respond to the specific inquiries of the Sources Sought. Information provided will be used solely by MEDVAMC as "market research" and will not be released outside of the NCO 16 Purchasing and Contracting Team. This Sources Sought notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP), Invitation for Bid (IFB), or Request for Quotation (RFQ), and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to enter into a contract, nor will the Government pay for the information submitted in response to this request. All information contained in this Sources Sought is preliminary as well as subject to modification and is in no way binding on the Government. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the U.S. Government to form a binding contract. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on Contracting Opportunities (https://beta.sam.gov/) website or GSA. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this Sources Sought, or future RFP/RFQ. 8. Contact Information: Contracting Officer, Le Kisha Douglas, MPA Email address: LeKisha.Douglas@va.gov Your responses to this notice are appreciated. THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES/PROPOSALS; however, any firm that believes it can meet the requirements may provide answers, responses and give written notification prior to the response due date and time. Supporting evidence and responses will be utilized for market research purposes only, to include any submitted pricing.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Contracting Officer
  - Title: Douglas, Le Kisha
  - Email: LeKisha.Douglas@va.gov
  - Phone: 713-794-7421

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7d072e3ef1604a0aa0089aa6c2caf67b/view)