---
layout: default
title: N0001426R3002 DRAFT REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: de7b623986214a158e9623182133460a
---

# N0001426R3002 DRAFT REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 10:27:33.32-04
- Solicitation Number: N0001426R3002

## Summary

Update to Draft RFP as of 13 Mar 2026 The purpose of this communication is to alert possible vendors that the Government intends to revise the draft RFP, Section L to show that ten (10) tasks will be evaluated vice seven (7). Those tasks are below. All offerors should be reminded that the Government will publicize the official RFP on/around the date below. Provide meeting scheduling and logistical support for official departmental activities. Includes managing senior official calendar(s) to identify best time for all meeting attendees, create calendar invitations, ensure there are no meeting conflicts, and provide administrative support for in-person and virtual meetings with internal and external organizations. Record and maintain meeting minutes as requested. Provide administrative support for standard office operations and logistics. Includes ordering supplies for department supply room and requests from individuals, collecting burn bags and providing to ONR mail room, making copies, scanning documents, and ensuring all printers, scanners, copiers, and fax machines are in proper working order. Assist Program Officers with the development of award-level execution and phasing plans. This includes understanding/analyzing the status of prior, current, and future program fiscal plans, developing a recommended plan for the Program Officer’s budget, providing justifications for deviations from the original plan, and assisting the department with administrative actions to improve financial performance. Track all PRs until funding is obligated and expensed and performer is notified. Contact government financial and technical points of contact to follow-up on status of unobligated reimbursable documents no later than fifteen (15) days after the funding document is approved at the ONR comptroller level. Contact government financial and technical points of contact to follow-up on status of unobligated direct citation PRs no later than 30 days after the funding document is approved at the ONR comptroller level. Record the status of unobligated funding in the Comptroller’s Outstanding Commitment Report. Manage and maintain financial tracker documents showing the status of all awards and contract line item numbers (CLINs) for each Program Officer. This includes performer name, principal investigator name, title of effort, award number, PR number, total award value, obligated amount, expended amount, period of performance, out-year funding plans (tails), and the status of all PRs for core, congressional plus-up, and outside source funding. Ensure financial tracker is up to date on a weekly basis. Provide draft input and analysis to BFM and Program Officers to facilitate completion of various programmatic taskers such as data calls, deviation reports, dormant account reviews, budget reductions, continuing resolutions, or other tasks that require financial analysis/input. Review proposal packages for completion of all required information and documents, draft Program Officer checklist by completing the non-technical sections, and save all files to program officer’s repository using an agreed upon file naming and storage convention. Coordinate with performer and program officer to obtain missing proposal documentation and updates as needed. Track contract / grant preparation processes and note status, exceptions / delays. Assist in responding to data calls and maintain the data archive of planning letters, accepted proposals, proposals for contracts, contract package preparation, and contract package submissions. For High Performance Computing Specialist - Review and understand DoD/DON S&T strategy guidance documents. Assist Program Officer in aligning portfolio to short-term and long-term strategies and by mapping technical thrusts/efforts to National Defense Strategy (NDS) and other strategic, requirement, and guidance documents. Identify and review emerging requirements and opportunities for transition in areas related to Code 32’s objectives for selected technology programs. Assist PO in identifying Technology Candidates / Future Naval Capabilities (FNCs) from existing portfolio and assist with development of topics for special programs. N0001426R3002 DRAFT REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL The Office of Naval Research (ONR) is posting a DRAFT Request for Proposal for Code 32 Ocean Battle Sensing Support to SAM.gov. This is NOT a formal RFP request and the Government will not reimburse contractors for their time spent on a response. The following information is provided in advance of the formal RFP post: The formal RFP will be posted for Navy Seaport contractors only. This specific requirement is set aside for Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business concerns only. No other offerors will be considered. ONR has migrated from use of the Seaport vendor portal and Seaport will not be utilized to issue the RFP, respond to questions and answers, submit proposals, and/or issue the award. Formal RFP responses will need to use the PIEE Solicitation Module. Offerors shall follow the PIEE registration instructions below to register for an account. Registration Instructions: https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/cap/docs/piee/PIEE_Solicitation_Module_Vendor_Access_Instructio…. For assistance with the Solicitation module, contact the PIEE helpdesk at disa.global.servicedesk.mbx.eb-ticket-requests@mail.mil or (866)-618-5988. The following information is provided regarding the draft RFP: This draft is posted for industry comments on the RFP prior to release on/around 6 Mar 2026. Attachments to the RFP are not posted and will be posted with the formal RFP. Section M Technical Tasks for Subfactors 1.1 are not yet known; however, the list of tasks that the Government may select from to evaluate is in Section C. Interested contractors should review the RFP and submit any questions on the requirement which seek to clarify requirements. A formal Q&A period will occur once the formal RFP is released; however, the Q&A timeframe will be only 5 business days once the RFP is posted. Comments or questions on this requirement should be sent to Ms. Vivian Truman at vivian.m.truman2.civ@us.navy.mil no later than 13 Mar 2026 (Friday) by 1500 Eastern

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Vivian Truman
  - Email: vivian.m.truman2.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/de7b623986214a158e9623182133460a/view)