---
layout: default
title: Alternative Protein Technologies for Military Field Feeding
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f0c7648b33da49cab00b545fc503b612
---

# Alternative Protein Technologies for Military Field Feeding

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-16 11:34:33.227-04
- Solicitation Number: W911QY26_ALTERNATIVE_PROTEINS

## Summary

SYNOPSIS: This Sources Sought Announcement is to assist the US Army Combat Capabilities Development Command - Soldier Center (DEVCOM-SC) to identify potential sources to provide innovative product development research and/or consumer research and/or demonstration food samples in the area of alternative proteins. The Government requests responders submit a Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) preproposal as outlined in DEVCOM-SC BAA W911QY-25-R-0023 located at: https://sam.gov/opp/a5ec94e2baee40df9951f864a8665e71/view Please refer to Section VI - Scientific and Technical Areas of Interest, A. Combat Ration Research and Development. Submit the BAA preproposal to: michael.s.wiederoder.civ@army.mil, richard.j.green.civ@amry.mil and jean.m.trumpis.civ@army.mil by 15 May 2026, 5:00 PM EDT. OBJECTIVE: DEVCOM-SC seeks product development, consumer research, and prototype demonstrations of current and emerging alternative protein technologies that could be integrated into military rations. BACKGROUND: The U.S. Army Combat Capabilities Development Command Soldier Center (DEVCOM-SC), Combat Feeding Division (CFD), is seeking information from industry and academia on capabilities related to alternative proteins. The U.S. Army is exploring how the emerging alternative-protein sector can help meet several objectives, including enhancing food supply chain resilience, enabling biomanufacturing of foodstuffs in combat-forward environments, and providing tailored, high-quality nutrition to the Warfighter. DEVCOM-SC CFD has unique expertise in the development and assessment of shelf-stable ration components, as well as food safety and palatability for the joint warfighter. We are looking to partner with the commercial and academic sectors to advance technology development in this area. AREAS OF INTEREST: DEVCOM-SC is seeking information from offerors that can provide capabilities in one or more of the following areas. Please note, for the purposes of this RFI, we are specifically excluding solutions related to cell-cultured, lab-grown meat or insect protein. 1. Innovative technologies for alternative protein development to reduce Soldier load: Seeking advanced technologies and processes, involved in fermentation, precision fermentation, or other novel biomanufacturing methods, that enhance the production of alternative proteins. Additional funding in specific components of the research would significantly accelerate advancements in technology and/or manufacturing readiness levels, enabling faster transition to operational use. These technologies should focus on creating lightweight and nutrient-dense ration solutions to reduce logistical burdens and physical load on warfighters while maintaining or enhancing nutritional value and operational performance. 2. Innovative Product Development: The development of innovative meat-alternative products specifically designed for inclusion in military rations, meeting stringent requirements for nutrition, shelf stability, and palatability. 3. Consumer Research and Acceptability: The ability to conduct comprehensive consumer research (e.g., focus groups, sensory panels, field testing) to enhance the acceptability and consumption of alternative proteins within a military population. 4. Food sample Demonstration: The capability to provide food samples that have Generally Recognized as Safe (GRAS) status to demonstrate the maturation of an alternative protein manufacturing technology. These prototypes will be provided to the Government for sensory acceptability and other performance characteristics and will be consumed by our test panel of experts. SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS: Interested parties (companies or academic institutions) are requested to submit a proposal that details their capabilities in one or more of the areas listed in Section 3.0. Submissions should include: • A detailed description of your technical approach. • Relevant past performance or corporate experience. • A rough order of magnitude (ROM) cost estimate for the proposed work or prototypes. This information will be used for market research and planning purposes. Responses to this RFI are not binding proposals, but they will help shape future solicitation requirements. SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. This Sources Sought Announcement is issued solely for information and planning purposes and to identify interested sources. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. No contract will be awarded from this announcement. This Sources Sought does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFP in the future. It is subject to change and is not binding on the Government. Further, unsolicited proposals will not be accepted. Funding is not available at this time. The United States Army has not made a commitment to procure any of the items/services discussed, and release of this Sources Sought Announcement should not be construed as such a commitment or as authorization to incur cost for which reimbursement would be required or sought. Response to this Sources Sought Announcement is voluntary and no reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this and any follow-on information requests. All submissions become Government property and will not be returned. Not responding to this Sources Sought Announcement does not preclude participation in any future RFP if any is issued. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the beta.SAM.gov website. It is the responsibility of the potential responders to monitor this site for additional information pertaining to this subject. RESPONSES: Interested parties may identify their interest and capability by sending BAA preproposals regarding this requirement to DEVCOM-SC via e-mail ONLY to michael.s.wiederoder.civ@army.mil, richard.j.green.civ@amry.mil and jean.m.trumpis.civ@army.mil by 15 May 2026, 5:00 PM EDT. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Notice. All costs associated with responding to this Notice will be solely at the expense of the interested party. Submissions should include: • Whether you are proposing product development and/or consumer research and/or prototype demonstration. • A detailed description of your technical approach. • Relevant past performance or corporate experience. • A rough order of magnitude (ROM) cost estimate for the proposed work or prototypes. Please provide business size (indicate your socioeconomic status), applicable NAICS code, and CAGE code. QUESTIONS: Any questions for clarification may be emailed to michael.s.wiederoder.civ@army.mil, richard.j.green.civ@amry.mil and jean.m.trumpis.civ@army.mil no later than 11 May 2026, 5:00 PM EDT. Verbal questions will NOT be accepted. Questions shall NOT contain proprietary or classified information. An unattributed list of questions and answers will be published at the same web location of this Sources Sought Announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Dr. Rich Green
  - Email: richard.j.green.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Dr. Michael Weideroder
  - Email: michael.s.wiederoder.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f0c7648b33da49cab00b545fc503b612/view)