---
layout: default
title: Z1DA--630A4-26-102 GI RENOVATION PHASE III
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 060da376be164c27b198224ceb8b1926
---

# Z1DA--630A4-26-102 GI RENOVATION PHASE III

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 11:24:40.749-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C24226R0018
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS AMENDMENT IS ISSUED TO CORRECT THE SITE-VISIT TIME FROM 1:00 AM TO 10:00 AM AND TO PROVIDE THE MOST CURRENT SF330. ALL OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. Work Statement Performance Period: 365 Calendar Days Description of Work: Provide turnkey services to include all labor, materials, tools, supervision, equipment, safety, and other necessary items to design and construct GI Renovation Phase III at the Brooklyn Veteran Affairs Medical Center, 800 Poly Place, Brooklyn, NY 11228, in accordance with VA drawings and specifications at http://www.cfm.va.gov/til/specs.asp. Work shall meet all VA design guidelines and requirements. Specific Requirement: Scope of Work: Project Summary: The VA Brooklyn Hospital plans to finalize construction of the referenced project under a new construction contract. To support this effort, the VA has directed Premier Engineering Group, Inc. to revise the existing contract documents and assemble a comprehensive construction bid package, titled Design-Build RFP, covering all remaining scope items. I. Design-Build Package The selected contractor shall retain Premier Engineering Group, Inc. (439 US-46, Rockaway, NJ 07866 | Tel: 973-586-3004) to develop the full Design-Build Package, including all drawings and specifications. Bidders must coordinate directly with Premier Engineering to obtain the associated A/E design fee, which must be included in their bid proposal. II. Phase 1 Area B (4th Floor) Area B construction is substantially complete, with only minor remaining work required across all trades. The scope includes installing scheduled furniture and equipment, completing architectural and MEP punch-list items, and integrating medical equipment. Notably, medical booms will be installed in four rooms, along with engineered ceiling support structures. AHU-1 has been installed, and the ductwork has been connected; the contractor is responsible for unit startup and performance verification in accordance with the design documents. Key tasks include: Temporary protection and infection control measures Installation of medical booms, ceiling support structures, and med gas piping Selective replacement of interior finishes New glass film finished in Room 4-100 Completion of MEP punch-list items Replacement of lighting fixtures in Room 4-115 with LEDs New roof-mounted exhaust fan and ductwork (with associated electrical) in Room 4-107 Airflow balancing of all supply diffusers and return/exhaust grilles Installation of reheat steam coils and temperature sensors for select CV boxes Replacement of outdated lighting controls to meet VA standards Provide and install additional power and data outlets Electrical wiring for medical booms Plumbing for missing or relocated fixtures Mechanical commissioning and final balancing for all existing equipment III. Phase 2 Area A (4th Floor) Phase 2 involves extensive interior construction across all disciplines. While demolition is mostly complete, much of the area remains in a rough-in condition, with exposed framing, unfinished finishes, and partially installed MEP systems. The AC-5 unit has not been installed; the contractor must provide and install the two missing sections. Major scope items include: Completion of partitions and gypsum board Installation of acoustic ceilings, lighting, doors, and hardware Millwork, painting, flooring, and other finishes New ductwork, grilles, diffusers, CV boxes, and controls Provide and install a new roof-mounted exhaust fan and ductwork (with associated electrical) serving Areas A & B Installation of new AC-5 ductwork Full electrical fit-out, including lights, controls, power, data, and fire alarm. Installation of new sprinkler heads and piping for all fixtures Plumbing piping for all new plumbing fixtures IV. Phase 2 Mechanical Room (5th Floor): The existing AC-5 unit shall be removed and replaced with a new unit. The contractor shall connect all steam, chilled water, drain piping, and electrical services, as well as modify or replace associated ductwork and controls. Additionally, new high-pressure steam lines shall be installed with PRV stations to convert to medium pressure, serving the existing 5th-floor air handling systems. Ensure the AHU 1 and AC-5 have cooled all year round for the off-season load. Tie in to both the 250-ton and the Primary chiller.Â Connect AHU-1 and AHU-5 to the 250-ton and Primary chiller, and provide details/design and design-build work to ensure year-round cooling. General Requirement: The Contractor shall furnish all labor, materials, tools, hardware, supervision, equipment, safety, drawing, rigging, permit, labelling, commissioning, and site visit necessary to perform the site preparation. At a minimum, the following shall be performed: Refer to the following attachment for detailed project information and requirements. Additional information can be found in the VA Technical Information Library (TIL) https://www.cfm.va.gov/til/spec.asp#26 : The Contractor shall furnish all labor, materials, tools, hardware, supervision, equipment, safety, drawings, rigging, permits, commissioning, and site visits necessary to perform the site preparation. At a minimum, the following shall be performed: The Contractor shall take all necessary precautions and safety measures to protect all patients and end users from all related activities. The Contractor, along with the facility, shall jointly lock out/tag out electrical power boxes that supply power to the unit. The Contract shall provide and install all electrical and piping connections by certified technicians in their trades. The Contractor shall test and verify all work to ensure proper operation. The Contractor must have OSHA training and specialized OSHA training. In the performance of all work, the workers must be in compliance with safety regulations governing worker safety (OSHA: 29 CFR 1926 Safety and Health Regulations for Construction; NFPA, Life Safety Codes, etc.). All work shall be done in accordance with NFPA, Life Safety, VA Standards and Regulations, VA Policy and requirements, OSHA regulations, and manufacturer specifications. The Contractor shall guarantee that all work performed will be free from all defects in workmanship and materials and that all installation and repair will provide the capacities and characteristics specified. The contractor shall guarantee that if, during a period of one year from the date of the certificate of completion and acceptance of the work, any such defects shall be repaired by the contractor at his own cost. The Contractor shall, within that period, correct all defects in materials/workmanship within twenty-four (24) hours of being notified. The Contractor shall inform the government of any manufacturer s warranty that will exceed the one-year warranty the Contractor offers. A document shall have at a minimum the company, phone number, and the address where the government can obtain the manufacturer's information for an extended warranty. It is the responsibility of the contractor to verify all quantities, field conditions, and measurements prior to starting work. The contractor shall notify the CO/COR and VA Engineering Team of any differing site conditions prior to starting. The Contractor shall always provide an English-speaking working supervisor on-site when work is being performed and for the duration of this project. A supervisor must have a minimum of five (5) years of experience as a supervisor on five (5) projects like this. The Contractor shall provide his own storage for materials. The VA is not responsible for loss of tools, materials, equipment, etc. The Contractor shall post visible required warning signs and barriers prior to beginning any work. The Contractor shall be responsible for any damage caused by his employees. All damages shall be repaired and/or replaced at no additional cost to the government. The Contractor shall be responsible for the proper and safe removal and disposal of all debris. Contractors shall be required to provide tipping reports for the weights of construction waste recycled and landfilled. VA Directive 0063 requires 50% of waste to be prevented or recycled. The Contractor shall perform cleanup at any time when the work area becomes cluttered and/or restricts traffic. At a minimum, the Contractor shall clean the work area at the end of each work shift. The C&A requirements do not apply, and a Security Accreditation Package is not required. The Contractor is responsible for completing the VA Privacy and Information Security Awareness training. VA Patient Privacy and Network Infrastructure None of the equipment listed within this procurement package will access the VA Network or store any sensitive patient information. Any contractors who will come on-site for installation will not need access to the VA network. All contractors must comply with VA regulation and complete the following training: VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct Access or use of VA Sensitive Information. Reference the attached Handbook

6500.6 Appendix A - Checklist for Information Security in the initiation phase of acquisitions. The system does not transmit or maintain electronic Protected Health Information. A Manufacturer Disclosure Statement for Medical Device Security (MDS2) form is not applicable. A VA Directive 6550 Pre-Procurement Assessment form is not applicable. Privacy Training: VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct Access to or the Use of VA Sensitive Information All contractor employees and subcontractors participating under this contract are required to complete the VA's Privacy training requirement - VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct Access to or the Use of VA Sensitive Information. Contractors must provide certifications of completion to the COR during each year of the contract.Â Training expires 365 days after the training is taken.Â This requirement is in addition to any other training that may be required of the contractor and subcontractor(s). The COR for the contract is responsible for ensuring the contractor takes the training and follows up with the annual requirements. See Attachment A VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Project Management Platform Requirement Construction contractors and A/E design firms, selected by award to perform work at VISN 2 VA facilities, are required to utilize the VISN 2 Autodesk Build Construction management platform, also called Autodesk Construction Cloud (ACC). Access to the platform and training portal will be provided by VISN 2 through the project Contracting Officer Representative (COR) at no cost for the duration of the project. Autodesk Build is the management and collaborative environment that VISN 2 uses for all its Non-Recurring Maintenance (NRM), Minor Program projects, Feasibility Studies, Commissioning, and Retro-Commissioning contracts.Â There is no user, license, or subscription fee for the contractor to use this cloud-based platform. The contractor shall accomplish and complete the following tasks upon award of the contract: Request access to the ACC platform and Productivity NOW eLearning Site to project VA COR NLT 14 days from contract award. Only staff who shall utilize the platform shall be granted access examples: Project manager, sub-contractors POC, Site manager, Safety officer, etc. The access request shall be in writing and include a list of staff. The list shall include the following information: Full Name Company Name Email Address Role/Position on the project (i.e., Project manager, site supervisor) Upon granting access, staff shall complete the required ACC training through the Productivity NOW platform within 12 Calendar days. Upon successful completion of the training, the contractor shall submit certificates of completion to COR NLT 2 business days. Access to Productivity NOW eLearning will expire after 12 Calendar days after online access is granted. The contractor shall complete ACC training within that period. Additional Staff and Subcontractors can be added at any time with a request submission to the project COR as described above. The contractor shall only use the ACC platform for contract-required submissions, official project correspondence to be acknowledged, reviewed, and actioned by the responsible party. No additional time shall be added to the contract, nor shall the contract amount be increased, due to the contractor s failure to utilize the ACC platform as the project s official communication and collaboration system. Any correspondence outside the platform shall not be the governing authority's responsibility and will be at the contractor s expense. Official project correspondence and collaboration include, but are not limited to: RFIs, submittals, schedules, shutdown requests, actionable tasks, reports, testing, safety inspections, photos, and site surveys. The contractor must inform the COR of any staff changes NLT 2 business days from the change. Staff changes pertain to staff who were granted access to the ACC platform. The contractor shall request termination of access, replacement of personnel, and/or any other action that might impact on the contractor s ability to maintain the required utilization of the platform. Contractor submission requirements cannot be accepted for work to begin without meeting all ACC Platform requirements outlined herein, including completing required ACC platform training.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Vladimir S Stoyanov
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: vladimir.stoyanov@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: detailed project information and requirements. Additional information can be found in the VA Technical Information Library (TIL) https://www.cfm.va.gov/til/spec.asp#26 : The Contractor shall furnish all labor, materials, tools, hardware, supervision, equipment, safety, drawings, rigging, permits, commissioning, and site visits necessary to perform the site preparation. At a minimum, the following shall be performed: The Contractor shall take all necessary precautions and safety measures to protect all patients and end users from all related activities. The Contractor, along with the facility, shall jointly lock out/tag out electrical power boxes that supply power to the unit. The Contract shall provide and install all electrical and piping connections by certified technicians in their trades. The Contractor shall test and verify all work to ensure proper operation. The Contractor must have OSHA training and specialized OSHA training. In the performance of all work, the workers must be in compliance with safety regulations governing worker safety (OSHA: 29 CFR 1926 Safety and Health Regulations for Construction; NFPA, Life Safety Codes, etc.). All work shall be done in accordance with NFPA, Life Safety, VA Standards and Regulations, VA Policy and requirements, OSHA regulations, and manufacturer specifications. The Contractor shall guarantee that all work performed will be free from all defects in workmanship and materials and that all installation and repair will provide the capacities and characteristics specified. The contractor shall guarantee that if, during a period of one year from the date of the certificate of completion and acceptance of the work, any such defects shall be repaired by the contractor at his own cost. The Contractor shall, within that period, correct all defects in materials/workmanship within twenty-four (24) hours of being notified. The Contractor shall inform the government of any manufacturer s warranty that will exceed the one-year warranty the Contractor offers. A document shall have at a minimum the company, phone number, and the address where the government can obtain the manufacturer"s information for an extended warranty. It is the responsibility of the contractor to verify all quantities, field conditions, and measurements prior to starting work. The contractor shall notify the CO/COR and VA Engineering Team of any differing site conditions prior to starting. The Contractor shall always provide an English-speaking working supervisor on-site when work is being performed and for the duration of this project. A supervisor must have a minimum of five (5) years of experience as a supervisor on five (5) projects like this. The Contractor shall provide his own storage for materials. The VA is not responsible for loss of tools, materials, equipment, etc. The Contractor shall post visible required warning signs and barriers prior to beginning any work. The Contractor shall be responsible for any damage caused by his employees. All damages shall be repaired and/or replaced at no additional cost to the government. The Contractor shall be responsible for the proper and safe removal and disposal of all debris. Contractors shall be required to provide tipping reports for the weights of construction waste recycled and landfilled. VA Directive 0063 requires 50% of waste to be prevented or recycled. The Contractor shall perform cleanup at any time when the work area becomes cluttered and/or restricts traffic. At a minimum, the Contractor shall clean the work area at the end of each work shift. The C&A requirements do not apply, and a Security Accreditation Package is not required. The Contractor is responsible for completing the VA Privacy and Information Security Awareness training. VA Patient Privacy and Network Infrastructure None of the equipment listed within this procurement package will access the VA Network or store any sensitive patient information. Any contractors who will come on-site for installation will not need access to the VA network. All contractors must comply with VA regulation and complete the following training: VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct Access or use of VA Sensitive Information. Reference the attached Handbook
- Attachment 2: - Checklist for Information Security in the initiation phase of acquisitions. The system does not transmit or maintain electronic Protected Health Information. A Manufacturer Disclosure Statement for Medical Device Security (MDS2) form is not applicable. A VA Directive 6550 Pre-Procurement Assessment form is not applicable. Privacy Training: VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct Access to or the Use of VA Sensitive Information All contractor employees and subcontractors participating under this contract are required to complete the VA"s Privacy training requirement - VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct Access to or the Use of VA Sensitive Information. Contractors must provide certifications of completion to the COR during each year of the contract.Â Training expires 365 days after the training is taken.Â This requirement is in addition to any other training that may be required of the contractor and subcontractor(s). The COR for the contract is responsible for ensuring the contractor takes the training and follows up with the annual requirements. See Attachment A VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Project Management Platform Requirement Construction contractors and A/E design firms, selected by award to perform work at VISN 2 VA facilities, are required to utilize the VISN 2 Autodesk Build Construction management platform, also called Autodesk Construction Cloud (ACC). Access to the platform and training portal will be provided by VISN 2 through the project Contracting Officer Representative (COR) at no cost for the duration of the project. Autodesk Build is the management and collaborative environment that VISN 2 uses for all its Non-Recurring Maintenance (NRM), Minor Program projects, Feasibility Studies, Commissioning, and Retro-Commissioning contracts.Â There is no user, license, or subscription fee for the contractor to use this cloud-based platform. The contractor shall accomplish and complete the following tasks upon award of the contract: Request access to the ACC platform and Productivity NOW eLearning Site to project VA COR NLT 14 days from contract award. Only staff who shall utilize the platform shall be granted access examples: Project manager, sub-contractors POC, Site manager, Safety officer, etc. The access request shall be in writing and include a list of staff. The list shall include the following information: Full Name Company Name Email Address Role/Position on the project (i.e., Project manager, site supervisor) Upon granting access, staff shall complete the required ACC training through the Productivity NOW platform within 12 Calendar days. Upon successful completion of the training, the contractor shall submit certificates of completion to COR NLT 2 business days. Access to Productivity NOW eLearning will expire after 12 Calendar days after online access is granted. The contractor shall complete ACC training within that period. Additional Staff and Subcontractors can be added at any time with a request submission to the project COR as described above. The contractor shall only use the ACC platform for contract-required submissions, official project correspondence to be acknowledged, reviewed, and actioned by the responsible party. No additional time shall be added to the contract, nor shall the contract amount be increased, due to the contractor s failure to utilize the ACC platform as the project s official communication and collaboration system. Any correspondence outside the platform shall not be the governing authority"s responsibility and will be at the contractor s expense. Official project correspondence and collaboration include, but are not limited to: RFIs, submittals, schedules, shutdown requests, actionable tasks, reports, testing, safety inspections, photos, and site surveys. The contractor must inform the COR of any staff changes NLT 2 business days from the change. Staff changes pertain to staff who were granted access to the ACC platform. The contractor shall request termination of access, replacement of personnel, and/or any other action that might impact on the contractor s ability to maintain the required utilization of the platform. Contractor submission requirements cannot be accepted for work to begin without meeting all ACC Platform requirements outlined herein, including completing required ACC platform training

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/060da376be164c27b198224ceb8b1926/view)