---
layout: default
title: 48--VALVE,DIRECTIONAL O
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 610dcb1d5b974dcaaaa44767add5be57
---

# 48--VALVE,DIRECTIONAL O

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 13:41:45.389-04
- Solicitation Number: N0038325RC240

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT|8|x|||||||| TIME OF DELIVERY (JUNE 1997)|20||||||||||||||||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice and Receiving Report (combo) Type||Cognizant DFAS|N00383|Cognizant DCMA|Cognizant DCMA|See Schedule|Source||||||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (SEP 2016)|2||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| LIMITATION OF LIABILITY--HIGH-VALUE ITEMS (FEB 1997)|1|| LIMITATIONS ON PASS-THROUGH CHARGES (JUN 2020)|1|| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM (FEB 2024)|1|| ROYALTY INFORMATION (APR 1984)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAY 2024)|12|336413|1250||||||||||| FACSIMILE PROPOSALS (OCT 1997)|1|| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, ANDENERGY PROGRAM USE (APR 2008))|2||x| This solicitation is hereby extended until 01 December 2025. No other terms have changed. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement areconsidered to be ?issued? by the Government when copies are either depositedin the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commercemethods, such as email. The Government?s acceptance of the contractor?sproposal constitutes bilateral agreement to ?issue? contractual documents asdetailed herein. The solicitation is hereby extended till 30 September 2025. No other terms have changed. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement areconsidered to be issued by the Government when copies are either deposited inthe mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commercemethods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor'sproposal constitutes bilateral agreement to issue contractual documents asdetailed herein. This solicitation is hereby extended till 28 August 2025. No other terms have changed. \ This solicitation is hereby extended till 08 AUG 2025. This solicitation is hereby extended till 18 JULY 2025. No other terms have changed. This solicitation is hereby extended till 30 JUNE 2025. No other terms and conditions have changed. \ The solicition is hereby extended until 30 May 2025. No other terms have changed. This solicitation is hereby extended until 16 MAY 2025. No other terms have changed. \ This amendment is to hereby extend the solicition until 30 April 2025. No other terms have changed. \ This solicitation is hereby extended til 18 April 2025. No other terms have changed. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be ?issued? by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government?s acceptance of the contractor?s proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to ?issue? contractual documents as detailed herein. \ This solicitation is hereby extended till 09 APRIL 2025. \ This solicitation is hereby extended till 28 MARCH 2025. No other terms have changed. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders,delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement areconsidered to be issued by the Government when copies are either deposited inthe mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commercemethods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor'sproposal constitutes bilateral agreement to 'issue' contractual documents asdetailed herein. \ The solicition is hereby exteded till 19 MARCH 2025. No other terms have changed. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders,delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement areconsidered to be issued by the Government when copies are either deposited inthe mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commercemethods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor'sproposal constitutes bilateral agreement to 'issue' contractual documents asdetailed herein. \ This solicitation is hereby extended 15 days. \ This solicitation will be using competitive procedures. This solicitation is for made new manufacture spare parts. This requirement will be awarded to the offeror based on the following evaluation criteria submitted via quote. Offers submitted will be evaluated based on the following criteria: lead time, price, past performance and capacity. The closing date for this solicitation is listed on page 1. The quotes may be e-mailed to the below address and must be received on or before 2:00 PM EST of the closing date. The offeror shall submit one unit price per CLIN and the unit price should be firm fixed price. Tiered pricing will not be accepted or evaluated. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be ?issued? by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as e-mail. The Government?s acceptance of the contractor?s proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to issue contractual documents as detailed herein. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 . Markings shall be in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

1.2 PRE-AWARD / POST AWARD REQUIREMENTS: Due to the critical use of this item and its quality history, a pre-award survey and post-award conference may be required for all new manufacturers. For all previous sources, a post-award conference may be recommended.

1.3 The components being acquired under this solicitation have been classified as Flight Critical requiring engineering source approval by the Naval Air Systems Command. Only those companies who have submitted requests for source approval and been approved will be eligible for award under this solicitation. Any company not previously approved may submit a Source Approval Request to the contracting officer, Naval Inventory Control Point, (See Block 10 of the SF33 for name and code). The Source Approval Request shall contain the following documentation and shall be submitted by the closing date of this solicitation: (A) Copy of complete configuration drawings for a similar item(s) which your company has produced within the past three years, including test procedures for which your company (1) has been qualified to manufacture and (2) which is similar, i.e., requires the same materials, manufacturing processes, inspections, tolerances and similar application as the item(s) for which you are seeking approval. (B) Copy of the complete process/operation sheets used to manufacuture the similar item, including but not limited to, detailed shop sketches. These plans must note those operations and processes performed by subcontractors/ vendors. (C) Complete copies of purchase orders, shipping documents, etc. that document delivery of production quantities of the part to the Original Equipment Manufacturer or Military service. Provide the most recent copies of the documents. (D) A detailed comparative analysis of the differences/similarities between the similar part and the part(s) for which you are seeking approval. This analysis should include materials, configuration, tolerances, process requirements, dimensions, castings, forgings, etc. (E) Copy of inspection method sheets used in the manufacturing and at final inspection. These sheets should include actual tolerance, print requirements, inspection devices, sources performing the operation and level of inspection. Critical characteristics should be discernible from all other characteristics. The above requirements are a subset of requirements specified in the ASO Source Approval Information Brochure dated January 1995. The submission of this data subset is contingent upon and in consideration of the submitting contractor meeting all other requirements specified in this solicitation to include a bilateral agreement with MDA which includes availability of complete data, MRB disposition, etc. Any company not having such agreement, but desiring to seek engineering source approval, will be required to submit data meeting all requirements of the ASO/NAVICP Source Approval Brochure.

1.4 Sampling rates (AQLs) indicated below shall be used in accordance with ANSI Z1.4 for Single Sampling and a General Inspection Level of II.

1.5 In addition to the 100% PCO Mandatory, critical and major characteristics, attributes for plating, hardness and non-destructive testing will be inspected one hundred percent.

1.6 Contractor shall develop a system for identification of individual piece parts for traceability purposes. Markings shall not be permanent.

1.7 An AQL of 1.5 will be used for Class 3 threads and dimensions, and geometric feature controls with a tolerance range of .010 or less.

1.8 For minor characteristics, a sampling rate determined by the contractor and subject to QAR approval will be used.

1.9 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system enabling the launch and/or recovery of aircraft. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in a serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems or loss of aircraft. Therefore,the material has been designated as Critical material and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material.

1.10 Articles to be furnished hereunder shall be manufactured, tested and inspected in accordance with ;NAWC LAKEHURST; drawing number ( ;80020; ) ;616712-2; , Revision ;T; and all details and specifications referenced therein.

1.11 Unless expressly provided for elsewhere in this clause, equipment such as fixtures, jigs, dies, patterns, mylars, special tooling, test equipment, or any other manufacturing aid required for the manufacture and/or testing of the subject item(s) will not be provided by the Government or any other source and is the sole responsibility of the contractor. The foregoing applies notwithstanding any reference to such equipment or the furnishing thereof that may be contained in any drawing or referenced specification.

1.12 If MIL-STD-454 is referenced in the drawings or in the specification, the contractor is expected to show compliance with IPC/EIAJ-STD-001C. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS DRAWING DATA=A409078 |80020| L| |A| | | | DRAWING DATA=C414463 |80020| M| |C| | | | DRAWING DATA=MPR 1221 |80020| T| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=MPR 1293 |80020| | |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=NAEC-ENG-6518 |80020|BP| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=418607 |80020| D| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=418689 |80020| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=419159 |80020| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=419963 |80020| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=419964 |80020| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=420049 |80020| H| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=513065 |80020| C| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=514511 |80020| F| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=514512 |80020| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=514513 |80020| D| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=514515 |80020| J| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=514858 |80020| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=615940 |80020| N| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=616711 |80020| K| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=616958 |80020| M| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=619947 |80020| N| |D| | | | 3. REQUIREMENTS - NOT APPLICABLE 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS: 1. The contractor shall perform Quality Conformance and Lot Sampling Inspection for all associated features that are present in the drawings and specifications: a. Features/attributes/requirements classified as Critical and Major on the drawing(s) or within the technical specification shall be inspected and shall have the actual dimensions documented 100%; b. Attributes for plating, hardness, and non-destructive testing shall be inspected 100%; c. Class 3 Threads, dimensions, and geometric feature controls with a tolerance range of .010 or less shall be inspected using an AQL of 1.5 and the General Inspection Level II as defined by ANSI Z1.4. d. Minor Characteristics: Sampling shall be inspected using an AQL of 4.0 and the General Inspection Level II as defined by ANSI Z1.4. 2. First Article Testing: N/A 3. Production Lot Special Tests: a. Each valve, P/N 616712-2, shall be shipped to Lakehurst for acceptance inspection and testing as cited on drawing616712. 4. For purposes of this TDR, the term NDT shall refer to the following methods: MT - Magnetic Particle Testing, PT - Penetrant Inspection, UT - Ultrasonic Testing, RT - Radiographic Testing, and VT - Visual Testing. 5. Companies performing NDT shall be NADCAP accredited, or a laboratory accredited by one of the organizations listed below as satisfying ISO 17025 (General requirements for the competence of testing and calibration laboratories). NDT certificates shall be bear the symbols of accreditation and the accreditation body: a. American Association for Laboratory Accreditation (A2LA) b. ANSI National Accreditation Board (ANAB) c. International Accreditation Service, Inc (IAS) d. National Voluntary Laboratory Accreditation Program (NVLAP) e. Perry Johnson Laboratory Accreditation, Inc (PJLA) f. Canadian Association for Laboratory Accreditation Inc. (CALA) g. Standards Council of Canada (SCC)

4.1 Review documentation as provided under DD 1423 requirements.

4.2 CRITICAL MANUFACTURING PROCESSES ( ;APPLIES; ) HEAT TREAT ( ; ; ) WELDING ( ;APPLIES; ) CADMIUM PLATING ( ; ; ) ENGINEERING CHROME PLATING ( ; ; ) NICKEL CHROME PLATING ( ; ; ) CASTING(S) ( ; ; ) FORGING(S) ( ;APPLIES; ) MPR (MATERIAL PROCESSING REQUIREMENTS)

4.3 Production Lot Sample Test Requirements: The tests to be performed under the production lot sample testing provisions of the contract are as follows: 4.3.1 Workmanship Production lot samples shall be inspected to determine the general workmanship. 4.3.2 Dimension check Production lot samples shall be inspected to determine compliance with applicable drawings and/or specifications. ;Applies; 4.3.3 Form: ;APPLIES; 4.3.4 Fit: ;N/A; 4.3.5 Function: ;N/A; 4.3.6 Requirements of: ;NAWC DRAWING PACKAGE;

4.4 In addition to the above tests, the production lot samples to be delivered hereunder shall also be subjected to those tests which will demonstrate that the samples comply with the contract requirements.

4.5 The contractor will be responsible for providing the necessary parts and repair of the production lot sample during testing.

4.6 The cost of the Government testing effort set forth in this solicitation is estimated to be $ ;TBD; for each lot of production lot testing. This cost factor will be added, for solicitation purposes, to the price of all offerors for whom the Government will require such testing.

4.7 Disposition of Test Samples 4.7.1 ; ; Samples WILL NOT be returned to the contractor as they will be destroyed during testing. 4.7.2 ;APPLIES; Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, samples shall be returned to the contractor and may be considered as production items under the contract provided the samples can be refurbished to Ready For Issue condition and provided the samples have inspection approval of the cognizant DCMC QAR. Samples may be shipped as production items only after all other units required under the contract have been produced and are ready for shipment. 4.7.3 ; ; Samples shall be returned to the contractor but shall not be considered as production due.

4.8 Production Lot Samples Testing Criteria 4.8.1 (A) The production lot samples shall be ;100%, ALL UNITS; ; selected at random by the cognizant Government inspector. All transportation charges will be prepaid by the contractor and will be shipped to: ;Contact for shipping address: JOSE TORRACA NAWCADLKE QA REP / Tel: (732)-323-2834 E-mail: jose.g.torraca.civ@us.navy.mil or Drew Flast / drew.s.flast.civ@us.navy.mil; ; The samples shall be identified by contract number and lot number and shall be clearly marked as follows: PRODUCTION LOT SAMPLES NOT RFI MATERIAL DO NOT TAKE UP IN STOCK (B) Fourteen (14) days prior to the shipment of the Production Lot Samples, the contractor shall notify the designated test facility, in writing, of the anticipated shipping date, with an information copy to the PCO, Naval Inventory Control Point, ATTN: (See Block 10.a of the SF33 for name and code), with duplicate copies to NAVICP code ;PCO; ; and to the designated testing facility. The envelope shall be clearly marked "DO NOT OPEN IN MAILROOM". (C) Such samples shall be delivered to the testing facility in sufficient time prior to the delivery date of the production articles to allow a 165 day period for testing by the laboratory and written notification by the contracting officer of the approval, conditional approval, or disapproval of the samples. In the event the contractor does not receive written notification or approval, conditional approval or disapproval or the samples for a particular production lot within the above stated time frame, the contract delivery schedule shall be equitably adjusted as necessary. Within 120 days of the receipt of the samples, the testing facility shall notify the contracting officer, Naval Inventory Control Point, ATTN: (See block 10 of the SF33 for name and code) of the results of the testing, together with a recommendation for approval or disapproval. (D) If the contractor fails to deliver any production lot samples for testing within the time or times specified, or if the contracting officer disapproves any production lot samples, the contractor shall be deemed to have failed to make delivery within the meaning of the default clause of this contract, and this contract shall be subject to termination for default. (E) In order for a production lot to be acceptable, all samples representative of the lot must pass all of the contract requirements. In the event a sample fails to pass such requirements, the lot will be rejected. In such event, the Government may, at its option and at no additional cost to the Government, (I) terminate all or any portion of this contract for default, (II) require the manufacture of a new production lot, or a rework of the rejected production lot if the means and procedures proposed by the contractor for rework are acceptable to the Government, or (III) require the submission of additional samples for test. The foregoing procedures shall apply to new or reworked production lots in the same way as they did to the original production lot. (F) For each additional sample or each resubmission of a modified sample which the contractor is required to submit for approval hereunder as a result of the failure of a previous sample to conform to the requirements of the specifications, the contractor shall pay to the Government the costs of reinspection, shipping, examination and retesting by the Government, and the contractor and his sureties (if any) shall be liable for the amount of such costs. (G) All transportation charges incurred in the submission and return of any production lot shall be borne by the contractor. (H) Nothing contained in the foregoing provisions of this clause, and no action of the Government in accordance herewith, shall in any way prejudice the right of the Government under the clause of this contract entitled Default.

4.9 ALTERNATE OFFERS - Waiver of Production Lot Testing Approval Requirements (A) Unless otherwise specified in Section E of this solicitation, the Naval Inventory Control Point reserves the right to waive the Production Lot Testing Approval Requirements specified herein for offerors who have previously furnished IDENTICAL production articles accepted by the Government or the Original Equipment Manufacturer/Prime Manufacturer. An offeror requesting waiver of Production Lot Testing Approval Requirements shall submit evidence with its offer establishing that: (I) the last production unit was delivered within three (3) years of the issue date of this solicitation AND (II) the production location to be used for this requirement is the same as used for the previous production run. Additionally, the offeror shall submit a certification to be executed by the officer or employee responsible for the offer, stating that: (I) the articles to be provided will be produced using the same facilities, processes, sequence of operations and approved subcontractors as those previously delivered and accepted by the Government or Original Equipment Manufacturer/Prime Manufacturer, and (II) the previous production units were manufactured without Material Review Board disposition or waiver/deviation request or rejection of pre-production samples for cause. (NOTE: This certification concerns a matter within the jurisdiction of an agency of the United States and the making of a false, fictitious, or fraudulent certification may render the maker subject to prosecution under Title 18, United States Code, Section 1001.) (B) In the event waiver of the Production Lot Testing Approval Requirements is granted, the delivery schedule for the production units shall be one hundred and sixty-five (165) days earlier than that which is desired had the waiver not been granted. If the offeror is unable to meet the desired schedule, he shall insert below the alternate delivery schedule he offers the government. Offeror's Alternative Proposed Delivery Schedule (Based on waiver of Production Lot Testing Approval Requirements) Within Days: Item No. ______________ Quantity:_______ After Date of Contract:______________ 4.10 . Mandatory Inspection Requirements: 100% Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) mandatory inspection is required and shall be accomplished at source under the surveillance and final approval of the cognizant DCMAO Quality Assurance Representative (QAR). During production, mandatory inspection is required to be accomplished by the contractor as follows: A. Level of Inspection (LOI). 1. Critical characteristics: 100% inspection shall apply. 2. Major and Minor characteristics: LOI shall be in accordance with a sampling plan acceptable to the QAR. B. Critical characteristics: ;JOSE TORRACA NAWCADLKE QA REP / Tel: (732)-323-2834 E-mail: jose.g.torraca.civ@us.navy.mil; C. Major and Minor characteristics 1. Shall be defined by the contractor subject to QAR concurrence, unless defined on applicable drawings and associated specifications.

4.11 SPECIAL INSPECTION REQUIREMENTS ( ;APPLIES; ) MAGNETIC PARTICLE INSPECTION ( ;APPLIES; ) SURFACE INSPECTION ( ; ; ) PENETRANT INSPECTION ( ; ; ) RADIOGRAPHIC INSPECTION ( ; ; ) ULTRSONIC INSPECTION ( ;APPLIES; ) HIGH SHOCK TEST ( ;APPLIES; ) MECHANICAL VIBRATION TEST

4.12 FINAL INSPECTION REQUIREMENT:Due to the critical nature of this item, representatives of the buying office/and the cognizant field activity, NAWC Lakehurst, shall be notified by the successful contractor at least 14 days prior to presentation to the DCM QAR of the items for final inspection so that they may have the option of witnessing the final inspection. The contractor shall notify by email or TELEFAX PCO and NAWC Lakehurst QA ;JOSE TORRACA NAWCADLKE QA REP / Tel: (732)-323-2834 E-mail: jose.g.torraca.civ@us.navy.mil; to arrange for the final inspection.The authority of the QAR shall not be abrogated. If the notification is not given to both sites then the QAR shall not accept the units. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE THIS IS A ALRE CRITICAL APPLICATION ITEM. FOR DRAWING UPDATES, SEE ATTACHED NAWC LKE DRAWING UPDATE SHEET. NAVSUP REFERENCE ONLY: PROCUREMENT TDR (24-10123): THE COMPONENTS BEING ACQUIRED UNDER THIS SOLICITATION HAVE BEEN CLASSIFIED AS "CRITICAL" REQUIRING ENGINEERING SOURCE APPROVAL BY NAVAL AIR SYSTEMS COMMAND ONLY THOSE COMPANIES WHO HAVE SUBMITTED AND BEEN APPROVED WILL BE ELIGIBLE FOR AWARD UNDER THIS SOLICITATION ANY COMPANY MAY SUBMIT A SOURCE APPROVAL REQUEST AS OUTLINED IN THIS SOLICITATION. ALL RECORDS PERTAINING TO ALRE CSI/CAI MANUFACTURE AND INSPECTION/TEST SHALL BE PROVIDED TO THE ALRE COGNIZANT TECHNICAL AUTHORITY. ALL RECORDS SHALL BE MAINTAINED BY LKE QA AND BY THE MANUFACTURER FOR A PERIOD OF SEVEN YEARS. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ 16. REMARKS: (BLOCK 12) DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION: Concurrently with delivery of PLT Items. Inspection/Certification data needed to substantiate the Quality ofthe Production Lot Test units shall be included in Production Lot Test unit pa ckaging. The outside of the package that contains the data shall be clearly ma rked "INSPECTION/CERTIFICATION DATA INCLUDED". Data Requirements: a. Copies of all approved requests for variations. b. Dimensional inspection per Drawings 616712, 616958, 616711, 514513, 514512, 514511, 419964, 514858, 619947, 615940, 419159, 420049, 418607, 419963, 418689, C414463, and A409078. c. Dimensional inspection in accordance with NAEC-ENG-6518 per Drawing 616712. d. Finish in accordance with MPR 1221-31 per Drawing 616712. e. Part identification per Drawings 616712, 616711, 514858, 514515, 619947, 615940, 418689, and A409078. f. Hydrostatic test per Drawings 616712, 616958. g. Shock Test per Drawing A409078. h. Material properties per Drawings 616712, 616958, 514512, 514511, 616711, 514513, 419964, 419963, 514858, 514515, 615940, 420049, 418689, 419159, 418607, C414463, and A409078. i. Preserve and Package in accordance with MPR 1293 per Drawing 616958. j. Magnetic particle inspection per Drawings 616711, 514513, 514512,514511, 419963, 418689, and C414463 (prior to coating). k. Nitride per Drawing 616711. l. Heat treat per Drawings 514513, 514511, 419963, 419159, and 418689. m. Carburize per Drawings 514512 and 615940. n. Proof of shock and vibration tests per Drawing A409078. o. Zinc plate per Drawing C414463. p. Cadmium plate per Drawing A409078. q. Assembly per Drawing 616712. r. 100% inspect, and record the readings for the pitch and functional diameters; and document that the inspection results are acceptable and are IAW System 22 of FED-STD-H28/20 per drawings A409078, 616958, 616711, 514511, 514512, 514513, 419963, 419964, C414463. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ 16. REMARKS: (BLOCK 12) DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION: Concurrently with Final Inspection. Data Requirements: a. Copies of all approved requests for variations. b. Dimensional inspection per Drawings 616712, 616958, 616711, 514513, 514512, 514511, 419964, 514858, 619947, 615940, 419159, 420049, 418607, 419963, 418689, C414463, and A409078. c. Dimensional inspection in accordance with NAEC-ENG-6518 per Drawing 616712. d. Finish in accordance with MPR 1221-31 per Drawing 616712. e. Part identification per Drawings 616712, 616711, 514858, 514515, 619947, 615940, 418689, and A409078. f. Hydrostatic test per Drawings 616712, 616958. g. Shock Test per Drawing A409078. h. Material properties per Drawings 616712, 616958, 514512, 514511, 616711, 514513, 419964, 419963, 514858, 514515, 615940, 420049, 418689, 419159, 418607, C414463, and A409078. i. Preserve and Package in accordance with MPR 1293 per Drawing 616958. j. Magnetic particle inspection per Drawings 616711, 514513, 514512,514511, 419963, 418689, and C414463 (prior to coating). k. Nitride per Drawing 616711. l. Heat treat per Drawings 514513, 514511, 419963, 419159, and 418689. m. Carburize per Drawings 514512 and 615940. n. Proof of shock and vibration tests per Drawing A409078. o. Zinc plate per Drawing C414463. p. Cadmium plate per Drawing A409078. q. Assembly per Drawing 616712. r. 100% inspect, and record the readings for the pitch and functional diameters; and document that the inspection results are acceptable and are IAW System 22 of FED-STD-H28/20 per drawings A409078, 616958, 616711, 514511, 514512, 514513, 419963, 419964, C414463.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2156971143
  - Email: ALEXIS.K.HEALY.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/610dcb1d5b974dcaaaa44767add5be57/view)