---
layout: default
title: Engine REM Install
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 72b3dec0f4a243afb3f9829e2817cc7c
---

# Engine REM Install

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 08:31:05.551-04
- Solicitation Number: 52000PR260023600

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for Commercial Services Solicitation Number: 52000PR260003600 (Request For Quote - RFQ) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services, prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6 of the FAR and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2005-87, effective, 7 March 2016. It is anticipated that a competitive price purchase order shall be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which if timely received, shall be considered by this agency. Agency: U.S. Coast Guard, Surface Forces Logistics Center (SFLC) Contract Type: Firm Fixed Price Purchase Order Set-Aside Information: This solicitation is total small business Evaluation Criteria: Quotes will be evaluated based on the following factors: Technical Capability: The offeror’s ability to perform the services described in the Performance Work Statement. Past Performance: The offeror’s record of relevant and recent past performance. Price: Fair and reasonable pricing. Submission of Quotes: Quotes must be submitted via email to Joshua.C.Richardson2@uscg.mil. The subject line of the email should include the solicitation number: 52000PR260023600. Point of contact for questions Contracting Contracting Officer: Joshua Richardson Email: Joshua.C.Richardson2@uscg.mil Technical Technical expert: Montrese Clay Email: Montrese.J.Clay@uscg.mil Performance Work Statement (PWS) / Statement of Work (SOW) This Statement of Work is for the U.S. Coast Guard Station Noyo River, 19325 South Harbor Drive, Fort Bragg, CA 95437. (707) 964-6612. SCOPE Contractor shall provide general labor, equipment, and facilities to haul out US Coast Guard 47 FT Motor Life Boat 47271 to stable blocking or cradle, remove the port engine and reinstall a repaired or new port engine. COMMENCEMENT, PROSECUTION, AND COMPLETION OF WORK Upon acceptance, the contractor shall commence work within 5 days and work diligently to complete the entire project and have vessel ready for use by 5 working days from scheduled haul out after contract award. INFORMATION AND REQUIREMENTS Physical Characteristics of Vessel Hull Length 47’ 11” Length Overall 48’ 11” (w/ rub rails) Hull Beam 14’ 0” Beam Overall 15’ 0” Highest Points: Fixed 18’ 6”, Unfixed 28’ 4” Hoisting condition 40,000 LBS (boat, full fuel, outfit; no crew or cargo) Drydocking Haul vessel with 2 straps Securely block vessel in accordance with military specifications With 2 straps lower vessel in water (Coast Guard representative shall ensure watertight integrity of vessel and test all propulsion machinery before launch). Launch vessel with 2 straps. Engine Remove/Install Completed IAW MPC’s and Manufacturer’s Instructions. CONDITIONS AFFECTING THE WORK If additional work items are found after hauling the 47’ MLB, Contractor shall report findings immediately before work continues via CFR along with commercial estimate of necessary work to be completed outside the original SOW. AFTER AWARD OF THE CONTRACT The contractor must immediately notify the contracting officer’s representative of his intended start date. The work shall be done in accordance with the specification. ORAL MODIFICATION No oral statement of any person other than the Contracting Officer shall in any manner or degree, modify or otherwise affect the terms of this contract. WORKMANSHIP All work shall be accomplished with the best standard practices, and by workmen thoroughly experienced in the required trades. The work shall be supervised by experienced personnel and shall be satisfactory to the Contracting Officer Representative (COR). PERMITS The contractor shall without additional expense to the government, obtain all appointments, licenses, and permits required for the prosecution of the work. The contractor shall comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws. CLEAN UP All HAZWASTE, trash and debris shall be removed from the site and or recycled as applicable. The job site shall be left in a clean and neat manner. UPON COMPLETION OF WORK Contact the COR to arrange for inspection/acceptance of work. Place of Performance Services shall be performed at: U.S. Coast Guard Station Noyo River 19325 South Harbor Drive Fort Bragg, CA 95437 Period of Performance Upon acceptance, the contractor shall commence work within 5 days and work diligently to complete the entire project and have vessel ready for use by 5 working days from scheduled haul out after contract award. Work shall be performed Monday through Friday between the hours of 7:00 AM to 1:00 PM, unless otherwise coordinated with the Point of Contact. Invoicing Invoicing in IPP:** It is now a requirement that all invoicing for Purchase Orders will now be entered and processed through https://www.ipp.gov. FAR Clauses This order is subject to but is not limited to the following Federal Acquisition Regulations: 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.204-23 Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities. 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. Service-Specific Clauses (Added for Services):** 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards (formerly Service Contract Act). (Required for service contracts over $2,500). 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires. 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards—Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts). 52.237-2 Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joshua Richardson
  - Email: joshua.c.richardson2@uscg.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/72b3dec0f4a243afb3f9829e2817cc7c/view)