---
layout: default
title: Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) FORGE I Other Transaction Authority (OTA) Request for Prototype Proposal (RPP) W51EW7-26-R-A007
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: e417a204c5c84b06b641743c0bfd8ea9
---

# Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) FORGE I Other Transaction Authority (OTA) Request for Prototype Proposal (RPP) W51EW7-26-R-A007

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-22 16:38:24.479-04
- Solicitation Number: W51EW7-26-R-A007

## Summary

Effective April 22, 2026, this announcement has undergone the following revisions: Deleted Project 1 attachments A, B, and C in response to feedback from Industry that the attachments could not be opened. Added Project 1 attachments A, B, and C again after verifying that they were within size limitations of SAM.gov. Provided Special Notice information on site visit to be held May 5-6, 2026. Added attachments "Special Notice JBLM Site Visit", "FORGE Site Visits" and "JBLM FORGE Site Visit Registration 20260422". All other information within the announcement is unchanged. Special Notice: Site Visit– Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) FORGE Hosted by the Mission & Installation Contracting Command (MICC) Theater Support Center (TSC) with several Army partners. Date: May 5-6, 2026, Time: See agenda below Note: JBLM is in the Pacific time zone, and all times are local to JBLM. Monday, May 4, 2026, Travel Day to JBLM. 1400 [Optional] Introductory Meeting - JBLM DPW Conference Room, 2012 Liggett Ave. JBLM, WA 98433 Tuesday, May 5, 2026 0800 – Meeting location is Devotion Park, Lewis Main, 2202 Liggett Ave, Joint Base Lewis-McChord, WA 98433 Project visit order IAW attached. 1500-1600 [Actual time TDB based on visit length at each location] Return to Devotion Park for Final comments and Day 1 Closing Wednesday, May 6, 2026 0800 – Heritage Hill Airpark, McChord AFB, WA 98438. Project visit order IAW attached. 1500-1600 [Actual time TDB based on visit length at each location] Return to JBLM DPW Conference Room for Final comments and Day 2 Closing Registration Deadline: Noon, April 29, 2026 The Army Contracting Command - Mission & Installation Contracting Command (MICC) Theater Support Center (TSC) in conjunction with the Department of War (DoW), Army Materiel Command (AMC) G4, U.S. Army Installation Management Command (IMCOM), U.S. Army I Corps, and Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) Department of Public Works (DPW) is sponsoring a Site Visit on May 5 - 6, 2026 to facilitate on-site physical assessments and technical exchanges. This is an excellent opportunity for businesses of all sizes and socioeconomic categories—large and small—to gain firsthand site familiarity and assess the physical infrastructure requirements essential for the JBLM FORGE initiative. Site Visit Event Highlights: On-Site Technical Walkthroughs: Observe the current state of the JBLM infrastructure. Modernization needs and identify project variables that cannot be captured in written solicitations. OTA & § 2808a Framework Overview: Understand the unique statutory guidance of using Other Transaction Authority (OTA) under 10 USC § 2808a. Gain insights into how this expedient construction authority streamlines the procurement and execution lifecycle. Logistics and Safety: Attire: This event involves walking and industrial sites conditions. Sturdy, closed-toe shoes are mandatory. High-visibility vests and hard hats are recommended (if available). Transportation: Security: Ensure all attendees have a valid Government ID (as listed in registration) for base access. Utility: Visiting the ranges includes traveling on gravel and undeveloped roads with rough terrain. A utility vehicle is recommended. Group transportation will not be provided by the Government. Who Should Attend? This event is highly recommended for but not limited to: Business Owners, Project Mangers, Lead Engineers, Estimators, and Construction Superintendents. The Site Visit is designed for technical representatives who need to assess physical site conditions to develop accurate proposals for the projects. Registration Information: Attendance is by prior registration only. Please register by sending the following information to Charley Jackson, the primary point of contact, by noon on April 29, 2026, using the attached Excel sheet: Company Name Company SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) Names of All planned Attendees Vehicle make, model, color, and license plate number if visiting ranges. Contact Information (Email and Phone Number) for each company attendee Contact Government ID Number (Driver’s License, Passport, State or Military ID) Contact Citizenship Country Company Website Updated Capability Sheet SITE VISIT ATTENDANCE LIST INFORMATION: If you would like to be a part of and obtain a copy of the JBLM FORGE Site Visit Attendance List, please complete the MS Excel attachment entitled "JBLM FORGE Site Visit Registration" and email to Charley Jackson at usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil by April 29, 2026. You will not receive a copy of the JBLM FORGE Site Visit Attendance List if you do not respond with the completed MS Excel form by the submission date of April 29, 2026. You will not be allowed to attend the event if we have not received your completed “JBLM FORGE Site Visit Registration” excel form and confirmed your permission to attend the event. Primary Point of Contact: Charley Jackson, Jr., Division Chief, MICC TSC Email: usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil. You may submit completed registration forms that contain Personally Identifiable Information (PII) by Filling out most of the form (without PII such as driver’s license number and email unencrypted to usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil and then call one of the POCs below to provide the PII, or You may send the completed form through Department of Defense (DoD) Secure Access File Exchange (SAFE) or an encrypted email using https://safe.apps.mil/ Please send to both of the following POCS: Charley Jackson, Jr. at charley.g.jackson2.civ@army.mil and (571) 588-9138 Stephanie Deal at stephanie.r.deal.civ@army.mil and (520) 944-7433 HQ Mission & Installation Contracting Command (MICC) Theater Support Center (TSC) 2219 Infantry Post Road JBSA Fort Sam Houston, TX 78234-1361 Office Symbol CCMI-TSC Question and Answers: Please submit all questions on the excel attachment to the SAM.GOV announcement entitled “QA_JBLM_FORGE SITE VISIT” to the MICC TSC Division 1 email at usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil. This Site Visit is a critical step in our collaborative effort to modernize JBLM. By walking the grounds and assessing the infrastructure firsthand, your team will gain the technical perspective necessary to align your capabilities with the Army's mission requirements. We recognize the investment of time required to attend, and we look forward to the practical insights and dialogue this on-site evaluation will produce. The Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) FORGE I Facilities Modernization Program is an initiative aimed at enhancing the infrastructure and operational capabilities of the base, which serves both the U.S. Army and Air Force. This program is designed to address aging facilities, improve operational efficiency, and support the needs of service members and their families. This agreement operates under a pilot program under which prototype projects that are directly relevant to enhancing the ability of the Department of Defense to prototype the design, development, or demonstration of new construction techniques or technologies to improve military installations or facilities. The JLBM FORGE I project will address 19 projects at JBLM. Key components of the modernization program include: Infrastructure Upgrades: Renovation and construction of barracks, training facilities, administrative buildings, and maintenance shops to meet current standards and accommodate modern military operations. Sustainability Initiatives: Incorporation of sustainable practices and technologies to reduce the environmental impact of base operations, including energy-efficient systems and water conservation measures. Enhanced Training Facilities: Development of advanced training environments, including simulation centers and specialized training areas, to better prepare service members for current and future missions. Community Improvements: Upgrades to recreational facilities, family housing, and support services to enhance the quality of life for military personnel and their families. Collaboration and Integration: Coordination with local government and community organizations to ensure that modernization efforts align with regional development plans and support community integration. The JBLM Facilities Modernization Program reflects a commitment to maintaining a state-of-the-art military installation that meets the evolving needs of the U.S. Armed Forces while fostering a supportive environment for service members and their families. Through these improvements, JBLM aims to enhance readiness, morale, and overall mission effectiveness. This RPP is focused on establishing a pilot program to demonstrate considerable time and costs savings along with project innovation for U.S. Army Facility Modernization Efforts. Follow on production is anticipated under 10 U.S.C. 2808a

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: MICC TSC Division 1 - PLEASE EMAIL HERE FIRST
  - Email: usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Charley Jackson, Jr.
  - Email: charley.g.jackson2.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: (571) 588-9138

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: "JBLM FORGE Site Visit Registration" and email to Charley Jackson at usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil by April 29, 2026. You will not receive a copy of the JBLM FORGE Site Visit Attendance List if you do not respond with the completed MS Excel form by the submission date of April 29, 2026. You will not be allowed to attend the event if we have not received your completed “JBLM FORGE Site Visit Registration” excel form and confirmed your permission to attend the event. Primary Point of Contact: Charley Jackson, Jr., Division Chief, MICC TSC Email: usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil. You may submit completed registration forms that contain Personally Identifiable Information (PII) by Filling out most of the form (without PII such as driver’s license number and email unencrypted to usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil and then call one of the POCs below to provide the PII, or You may send the completed form through Department of Defense (DoD) Secure Access File Exchange (SAFE) or an encrypted email using https://safe.apps.mil/ Please send to both of the following POCS: Charley Jackson, Jr. at charley.g.jackson2.civ@army.mil and (571) 588-9138 Stephanie Deal at stephanie.r.deal.civ@army.mil and (520) 944-7433 HQ Mission & Installation Contracting Command (MICC) Theater Support Center (TSC) 2219 Infantry Post Road JBSA Fort Sam Houston, TX 78234-1361 Office Symbol CCMI-TSC Question and Answers: Please submit all questions on the excel attachment to the SAM.GOV announcement entitled “QA_JBLM_FORGE SITE VISIT” to the MICC TSC Division 1 email at usarmy.jbsa.acc-micc.mbx.tsc-div1@army.mil. This Site Visit is a critical step in our collaborative effort to modernize JBLM. By walking the grounds and assessing the infrastructure firsthand, your team will gain the technical perspective necessary to align your capabilities with the Army"s mission requirements. We recognize the investment of time required to attend, and we look forward to the practical insights and dialogue this on-site evaluation will produce. The Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) FORGE I Facilities Modernization Program is an initiative aimed at enhancing the infrastructure and operational capabilities of the base, which serves both the U.S. Army and Air Force. This program is designed to address aging facilities, improve operational efficiency, and support the needs of service members and their families. This agreement operates under a pilot program under which prototype projects that are directly relevant to enhancing the ability of the Department of Defense to prototype the design, development, or demonstration of new construction techniques or technologies to improve military installations or facilities. The JLBM FORGE I project will address 19 projects at JBLM. Key components of the modernization program include: Infrastructure Upgrades: Renovation and construction of barracks, training facilities, administrative buildings, and maintenance shops to meet current standards and accommodate modern military operations. Sustainability Initiatives: Incorporation of sustainable practices and technologies to reduce the environmental impact of base operations, including energy-efficient systems and water conservation measures. Enhanced Training Facilities: Development of advanced training environments, including simulation centers and specialized training areas, to better prepare service members for current and future missions. Community Improvements: Upgrades to recreational facilities, family housing, and support services to enhance the quality of life for military personnel and their families. Collaboration and Integration: Coordination with local government and community organizations to ensure that modernization efforts align with regional development plans and support community integration. The JBLM Facilities Modernization Program reflects a commitment to maintaining a state-of-the-art military installation that meets the evolving needs of the U.S. Armed Forces while fostering a supportive environment for service members and their families. Through these improvements, JBLM aims to enhance readiness, morale, and overall mission effectiveness. This RPP is focused on establishing a pilot program to demonstrate considerable time and costs savings along with project innovation for U.S. Army Facility Modernization Efforts. Follow on production is anticipated under 10 U.S.C. 2808a

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e417a204c5c84b06b641743c0bfd8ea9/view)