---
layout: default
title: BPA for Surgical Instruments to include repairs & maintenance services
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: d4535edd7649414f9528fc34556a8da9
---

# BPA for Surgical Instruments to include repairs & maintenance services

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 14:08:38.353-04
- Solicitation Number: 246-26-Q-0014A

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 246-26-Q-0014A is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ), for BPA Stainless Steel Surgical Equipment Repairs/Sharpening. This acquisition is 100% SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The product service code (PSC) for this acquisition is 6515 and the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 811210. This RFQ contains ________ Line Items: PLEASE SEE ATTACHED PRICING LIST 1 and PRICING LIST 2. BOTH MUST BE FILLED OUT AND PRICED TO BE CONSIDERED AND IN THE EXACT ORDER AS ATTACHED WITH NO ALTERATIONS. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: 05/01/2026 – 04/30/2031 FIVE YEARS LOCATION: Clinton Indian Health Center, 10321 N 2274 Rd Clinton, OK 73601 El Reno Indian Health Center, 1801 Parkview Dr El Reno, OK 73036 Watonga Indian Health Center, 1305 S Clarence Nash Blvd, Watonga, OK 73772 Lawton Indian Hospital 1515 NE Lawrie Tatum Rd, Lawton, OK 73507 Anadarko Indian Health Center, 201 E Parker McKenzie Dr, Anadarko, OK 73005 Carnegie Indian Health, 212 E 4th St, Carnegie, OK 73015 Pawnee Indian Health Center, 1201 Heritage Cir Pawnee OK 74058. Vendor Requirements: SEE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK Submit Quotes no later than: 04/23/2026 10:00a.m. CDT to the Following Point of Contact: Misti Bussell, Contract Specialist, via Email: misti.bussell@ihs.gov. Evaluation: FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Deviation Date) (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: LOWEST PRICE TECHNICALLY ACCEPTABLE Price is more important than other factors combined. Price: The Government will add all five years of pricing for a cumulative total for Schedule Pricing List 1 and the first 100 items on Schedule Pricing List 2. Pricing will be compared to the government’s independent cost estimate. A baseline for a Satisfactory rating shall be utilized from the Government’s IGCE. Technical: shall be evaluated based on understanding of the Statement of Work and planned execution of the service. Past Performance: Please provide 3 references of similar work. (b) Options (if applicable). The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. The Government contemplates award of a BPA Stainless Steel Surgical Equipment Repairs/Sharpening contract resulting from this solicitation pursuant to the terms and conditions below. Terms and conditions other than those stated will not be accepted. The above pricing is all inclusive. VENDORS SHALL SUBMIT THE FOLLOWING: COMPLETED PRICE SCHEDULE COMPLETED IEE FORM ADDITIONAL DOCUMENTS NEEDED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE ABILITY TO MEET THE TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS PROVIDE PAST PERFORMANCES PROVISIONS/CLAUSES: The following FAR and HHSAR provisions/clauses apply to this solicitation: SECTION C CONTRACT CLAUSES FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions- Commercial PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (NOV 2023) 52.203-6, Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (Jun 2020) Alternate I (Nov 2021) 52.203-16, Preventing Personal Conflicts of Interest (Jun 2020) 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance (Deviation Date) 52.204-14, Service Contract Reporting Requirements (Deviation Date) 52.207-5, Option to Purchase Equipment (Feb 1995) 52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded (Deviation Date) 52.209-9, Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (Deviation Date) 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Deviation Date) 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services (Nov 1999) 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (Mar 2000) 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Deviation Date) 52.222-3, Convict Labor (Deviation Date) 52.222-19, Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Deviation Date) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Deviation DATE) 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Deviation Date) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Deviation DATE) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Deviation Date) 52.223-23, Sustainable Products and Services (DEVIATION DATE) 52.224-1, Privacy Act Notification (Apr 1984) 52.224-2, Privacy Act (Apr 1984) 52.224-3, Privacy Training (Jan 2017) 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct 2018) 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) 52.233-3, Protest after Award (Deviation Date) 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Deviation Date) 52.237-2, Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation (Apr 1984) 52.237-3, Continuity of Services (Jan 1991) 52.240-91, Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (Deviation Date) 52.242-13, Bankruptcy (July 1995) 52.244-6, Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation Date) FAR 52.252-2 CLAUSE INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) HHSAR CLAUSES ?352.203-70, Anti-Lobbying (Dec 2015) 352.224-71, Confidential Information (Feb 2024 Deviation) Miscellaneous: NO FAX QUOTATIONS ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS – SUBMISSION VIA EMAIL IS THE ONLY ACCEPTABLE ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION. (misti.bussell@ihs.gov) All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management database located at https://www.sam.gov when submitting an offer or quotation. Please submit the following information with each quote: Vendor Name, Cage Code, UEI, Tax Identification Number, Prompt Payment Terms, Delivery Time, GSA Contract Number (if applicable), Date quote expires, warranty, total price for each line item, total quote price, and technical documentation insufficient detail to determine technical acceptability. Failure to provide sufficient technical details may result in rejection of your quote.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Misti Bussell
  - Email: misti.bussell@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 9183426235

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d4535edd7649414f9528fc34556a8da9/view)