---
layout: default
title: HAZARDOUS MATERIALS DETECTION EQUIPMENT
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: a33a15f6519e4c05bef49903f462a117
---

# HAZARDOUS MATERIALS DETECTION EQUIPMENT

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-12 09:36:22.021-04
- Solicitation Number: FA8136260001

## Summary

The 72 ABW/CEXF, Tinker Fire Department requires a single vendor to provide a comprehensive and consolidated supply package for the refurbishment of its existing inventory of multi-vendor hazardous material detection equipment. This equipment includes, but is not limited to, RAE Systems MultiRAE and ToxiRAE Pro monitors. The government's essential requirement is for a logistical and supply service from a single source capable of procuring and delivering a complex bill of materials sourced from numerous, distinct Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs). This approach is necessary to ensure component compatibility, streamline procurement, and guarantee the operational readiness of critical life-safety equipment. The primary performance requirement is for a single vendor to provide a logistical and supply service that consolidates a comprehensive package of multi-vendor components. The required supplies to be provided under this service include, at a minimum, the following OEM-specific components: Four-Gas Calibration Mix, 58L (P/N: 600-0050-070 or equal): 4 ea Hydrogen Cyanide Calibration Gas, 34L (P/N: 610-0057-100 or equal): 4 ea Chlorine Calibration Gas, 34L (P/N: 610-0056-100 or equal): 2 ea Hydrogen Sulfide (H2S) Sensor (P/N: C03-0907-001 or equal): 4 ea Hydrogen Cyanide (HCN) Sensor (P/N: C03-0949-000 or equal): 5 ea Chlorine (Cl2) Sensor Module (P/N: C03-0978-000 or equal): 2 ea ToxiRAE Pro AutoRAE 2 Cradle (P/N: T02-0003-000 or equal): 2 ea PID Sensor Module (P/N: C03-0912-001 or equal): 5 ea MultiRAE Pumped AutoRAE 2 Cradle (P/N: T02-0103-000 or equal): 4 ea ISO Calibration Gas, 34L (P/N: 600-0002-000 or equal): 4 ea LEL Sensor Module (P/N: C03-0911-000 or equal): 1 ea Carbon Monoxide (CO) Sensor (P/N: C03-0906-000 or equal): 1 ea Rechargeable Li-ion Battery (P/N: M01-3053-000 or equal): 5 ea ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS Code for this requirement is 334511, Search, Detection, Navigation, Guidance, Aeronautical, and Nautical System and Instrument Manufacturing with a Small Business Size standard of 1,350 employees. The Product/Service Code (PSC) for this effort is 6665 - Hazard-Detecting Instruments and Apparatus – Security and Protection — Security Systems as a Product/Commodity. This Sources Sought Synopsis is requesting responses to the following criteria ONLY from businesses that can provide the required services under the NAICS Code. SUBMISSION DETAILS Interested businesses are requested to submit a capabilities statement of no more than six (6) pages in length in Times New Roman font of not less than 12 pitch. Interested businesses should submit a brief capabilities statement package that shall address, at a minimum, the following items: 1.) What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? This should include the contract number, organization supported, indication of whether as a prime or subcontractor, contract value, Government point of contact, and a brief description of how the referenced contract relates to the products described. 2.) Can or has your company managed a task of this nature? If so, please provide details. 3.) What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensure capability to perform the tasks outlined in the description? 4.) Please note that under a Small-Business Set-Aside, in accordance with FAR 52.219-14, the small business prime must perform at least 50% of the work themselves in terms of the cost of performance. Provide an explanation of your company's ability to perform at least 50% of the tasking described. 5.) Provide a statement including current small status and company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office locations, DUNS number, CAGE code, etc. Also indicate whether they qualify as a Small, Small Disadvantaged, Women-Owned, HUBZone, or Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concern. 6.) Any Contract vehicles that would be available to the Government for the procurement of the product and service, to include GSA Federal Supply Schedules (FSS), or any other Government Agency contract vehicle. (This information is for market research only and does not preclude your company from responding to this notice.) In order to make a determination for a small business set-aside, two or more qualified and capable small businesses must submit responses that demonstrate their qualifications and ability to perform in accordance with the Limitations on Subcontracting clause (FAR 52.219-14). To assist the Government in making a determination regarding the level of participation by small business in any subsequent procurement that may result from this Sources Sought, you are also encouraged to provide information regarding your plans to use joint venturing (JV) or partnering to meet each of the requirements areas contained herein. This includes responses from qualified and capable Small Businesses, Small Disadvantaged Businesses, Service Disabled-Veteran Owned Small Businesses, Women-owned Small Businesses, HUBZone Small Businesses, and 8(a) companies. You should provide information on how you would envision your company's areas of expertise and those of any proposed JV/partner would be combined to meet the specific requirements contained in this announcement. Your responses to this Sources Sought shall be electronically submitted to the Contracting Officer De’Vonn Lyons and Contracting Specialist Makenzie Kirby in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF) via e-mail with the subject line Hazardous Material Detection Equipment to makenzie.kirby@us.af.mil and devonn.lyons@us.af.mil. The deadline for response to this request is 23 March 2026, 2 pm (1400) Central Time. Proprietary information and trade secrets, if any, must be clearly marked on all materials. All information received that is marked Proprietary will be handled accordingly. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned. No phone calls will be accepted. Questions may be submitted via email to makenzie.kirby@us.af.mil or devonn.lyons@us.af.mil. The Government is not committed nor obligated to pay for the information provided, and no basis for claims against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to these Sources Sought.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Makenzie Kirby
  - Email: makenzie.kirby@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 405-339-3513
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: De'Vonn Lyons
  - Email: devonn.lyons@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 405-739-2513

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a33a15f6519e4c05bef49903f462a117/view)