---
layout: default
title: Procurement of Various Gearboxes
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 16bd52403a7f4aac8723e15cc79539f5
---

# Procurement of Various Gearboxes

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 10:13:26.093-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z03825RJ0000006

## Summary

A00005 - Solicitation 70Z03825RJ0000006 has been amended to incorporate the changes below. The schedule was updated to add an additional CLIN for the Main Gearbox, NSN: 1615-01-675-1816, PN: 7035138100-052. The updated schedule now has a total of six (6) CLINs for the Base Period and all Option Periods. Please refer to A00005 - Revised - Attachment 1 - Schedule of Supplies - 70Z03825RJ0000006 when submitting proposal. All other items remain unchanged for this solicitation. This solicitation is set to expire on 09/30/2026 at 2:00PM EDT. A00004 -Solicitation 70Z03825RJ0000006 has been amended to incorporate the changes below. This contract will now be a Base plus two (2) for a total of three (3) years. The synopsis has changed to the following: It is anticipated that one (1) Indefinite Delivery Requirements type contract with firm-fixed pricing (FFP), consisting of a one (1), one (1) year Base Period and, if exercised, two (2) one (1) year Option Periods will be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. The total duration of this contract shall not exceed three (3) years. The schedule was updated to incorporate the quantities per the IM and SAC. Please refer to A00004 - Revised - Attachment 1 - Schedule of Supplies - 70Z03825RJ0000006 when submitting proposal. FAR Clause 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract was also changed to the following: (c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed three (3) years and six (6) months. Please refer to A00004 - Attachment 2 - Terms and Conditions - 70Z03825RJ0000006 when submitting proposal. All other items remain unchanged for this solicitation. This solicitation is set to expire on 09/30/2026 at 2:00PM EDT. A00003 - This solicitation has been amended to change the Part Number for the Base Period and all Option Periods for CLIN 0004. When submitting a proposal, please use the most current Schedule of Supplies which is A00003 - Attachment 1 - Schedule of Supplies -70Z03825RJ0000006 - Revised. This solicitation has been extended. It is now set to expire on 09/30/2026 at 2:00PM EDT. All other items remain unchanged for this solicitation. A00002 - This solicitation has been amended to change the Part Numbers for the Base Period and all Option Periods for CLINs 0003 and 0004. When submitting a proposal, please use the most current Schedule of Supplies which is A00002 - Attachment 1 - Schedule of Supplies -70Z03825RJ0000006 - Revised. All other items remain unchanged for this solicitation. A00001 - This solicitation has been amended to correct the Part Number for CLIN 0002, 1002, 2002, 3002 and 4002. When submitting a proposal, please use the most current Schedule of Supplies which is A00001 - Attachment 1 - Schedule of Supplies -70Z03825RJ0000006 - Revised. All other items remain unchanged for this solicitation. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12 and FAR Part 15, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 70Z03825RJ0000006 is issued as a Request for Proposal (RFP). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06, effective 01 October 2025. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 336413. The small business size standard is 1,250 employees. This requirement will be issued on a sole source basis. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the agency. It is anticipated that one (1) Indefinite Delivery Requirements type contract with firm-fixed pricing (FFP), consisting of a one (1), one (1) year Base Period and, if exercised, two (2) one (1) year Option Periods will be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. The total duration of this contract shall not exceed three (3) years. FFP Delivery Orders will be issued against the contract as items are required. The list of items and estimated quantities can be found on “Attachment 1 – Schedule of Supplies – 70Z03825RJ0000006”. Only the items requested in this solicitation will be considered for award. All parts shall have clear traceability to the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation, (Cage Code 78286). Traceability means a clear, complete, documented, and auditable paper trail which traces each step from the OEM to its current location. Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation is the OEM and the only approved source of supply. Parts must be approved in accordance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) guidelines to ensure safety of our aircrew. The Government shall ensure all procurements are awarded without jeopardizing quality or safety of flight. Only the use of airworthy commercial specifications or standard military specifications/military standard parts will be utilized and approved from this solicitation. Newly manufactured commercial items will only be procured from sources able to provide a certificate of airworthiness, FAA 8130 (preferred) or equivalent European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) Certification, or a certificate of conformance and traceability to the OEM. [LJGC(1] The contractor shall furnish a Certificate of Conformance (COC) in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.246-15. The COC must be submitted in the format specified in the clause. All parts shall be NEW approved parts. NOTE: NO DRAWINGS, SPECIFICATIONS OR SCHEMATICS ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS AGENCY. SEE ATTACHMENT 1 – “SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES– 70Z03825RJ0000006” SEE ATTACHMENT 2 – “TERMS AND CONDITIONS – 70Z03825RJ0000006” FOR APPLICABLE CLAUSES, INSTRUCTIONS AND EVALUATION CRITERIA. SEE ATTACHMENT 3 – “REDACTED J AND A – 70Z03825RJ0000006” Closing date and time for receipt of offers is 09/30/2026 at 2:00 PM Eastern Time. Anticipated award date is on or about 12/31/2026. E-mail quotations may be sent to Amy.E.Whitehurst2@uscg.mil. Please indicate 70Z03825RJ0000006 on the subject line.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Amy Whitehurst
  - Email: Amy.E.Whitehurst2@uscg.mil
  - Phone: 206-831-4477

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Schedule of Supplies - 70Z03825RJ0000006 when submitting proposal. All other items remain unchanged for this solicitation. This solicitation is set to expire on 09/30/2026 at 2:00PM EDT. A00004 -Solicitation 70Z03825RJ0000006 has been amended to incorporate the changes below. This contract will now be a Base plus two (2) for a total of three (3) years. The synopsis has changed to the following: It is anticipated that one (1) Indefinite Delivery Requirements type contract with firm-fixed pricing (FFP), consisting of a one (1), one (1) year Base Period and, if exercised, two (2) one (1) year Option Periods will be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. The total duration of this contract shall not exceed three (3) years. The schedule was updated to incorporate the quantities per the IM and SAC. Please refer to A00004 - Revised - Attachment 1 - Schedule of Supplies - 70Z03825RJ0000006 when submitting proposal. FAR Clause 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract was also changed to the following: (c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed three (3) years and six (6) months. Please refer to A00004 - Attachment 2 - Terms and Conditions - 70Z03825RJ0000006 when submitting proposal. All other items remain unchanged for this solicitation. This solicitation is set to expire on 09/30/2026 at 2:00PM EDT. A00003 - This solicitation has been amended to change the Part Number for the Base Period and all Option Periods for CLIN 0004. When submitting a proposal, please use the most current Schedule of Supplies which is A00003 - Attachment 1 - Schedule of Supplies -70Z03825RJ0000006 - Revised. This solicitation has been extended. It is now set to expire on 09/30/2026 at 2:00PM EDT. All other items remain unchanged for this solicitation. A00002 - This solicitation has been amended to change the Part Numbers for the Base Period and all Option Periods for CLINs 0003 and 0004. When submitting a proposal, please use the most current Schedule of Supplies which is A00002 - Attachment 1 - Schedule of Supplies -70Z03825RJ0000006 - Revised. All other items remain unchanged for this solicitation. A00001 - This solicitation has been amended to correct the Part Number for CLIN 0002, 1002, 2002, 3002 and 4002. When submitting a proposal, please use the most current Schedule of Supplies which is A00001 - Attachment 1 - Schedule of Supplies -70Z03825RJ0000006 - Revised. All other items remain unchanged for this solicitation. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12 and FAR Part 15, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 70Z03825RJ0000006 is issued as a Request for Proposal (RFP). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06, effective 01 October 2025. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 336413. The small business size standard is 1,250 employees. This requirement will be issued on a sole source basis. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the agency. It is anticipated that one (1) Indefinite Delivery Requirements type contract with firm-fixed pricing (FFP), consisting of a one (1), one (1) year Base Period and, if exercised, two (2) one (1) year Option Periods will be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. The total duration of this contract shall not exceed three (3) years. FFP Delivery Orders will be issued against the contract as items are required. The list of items and estimated quantities can be found on “Attachment 1 – Schedule of Supplies – 70Z03825RJ0000006”. Only the items requested in this solicitation will be considered for award. All parts shall have clear traceability to the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation, (Cage Code 78286). Traceability means a clear, complete, documented, and auditable paper trail which traces each step from the OEM to its current location. Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation is the OEM and the only approved source of supply. Parts must be approved in accordance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) guidelines to ensure safety of our aircrew. The Government shall ensure all procurements are awarded without jeopardizing quality or safety of flight. Only the use of airworthy commercial specifications or standard military specifications/military standard parts will be utilized and approved from this solicitation. Newly manufactured commercial items will only be procured from sources able to provide a certificate of airworthiness, FAA 8130 (preferred) or equivalent European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) Certification, or a certificate of conformance and traceability to the OEM. [LJGC(1] The contractor shall furnish a Certificate of Conformance (COC) in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.246-15. The COC must be submitted in the format specified in the clause. All parts shall be NEW approved parts. NOTE: NO DRAWINGS, SPECIFICATIONS OR SCHEMATICS ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS AGENCY. SEE ATTACHMENT 1 – “SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES– 70Z03825RJ0000006” SEE ATTACHMENT 2 – “TERMS AND CONDITIONS – 70Z03825RJ0000006” FOR APPLICABLE CLAUSES, INSTRUCTIONS AND EVALUATION CRITERIA. SEE ATTACHMENT 3 – “REDACTED J AND A – 70Z03825RJ0000006” Closing date and time for receipt of offers is 09/30/2026 at 2:00 PM Eastern Time. Anticipated award date is on or about 12/31/2026. E-mail quotations may be sent to Amy.E.Whitehurst2@uscg.mil. Please indicate 70Z03825RJ0000006 on the subject line

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/16bd52403a7f4aac8723e15cc79539f5/view