---
layout: default
title: 7B20--SORNA CD/DVD BURNER SERVICES for Hampton VA Medical Center
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 98463fc835c24a51933420b52967ddc3
---

# 7B20--SORNA CD/DVD BURNER SERVICES for Hampton VA Medical Center

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-06 16:33:19.122-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24626Q0502
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a notice of intent to award a sole source contract. Pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) 13.106-1(b)(1)(i). Contracting Officers may solicit from one source if it's determined only one source is reasonably available to satisfy agency requirements, as supplemented with additional information in this notice. The Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office 6 intends to award a Sole Source, Firm-Fixed-Price Contract to Data Distributing LLC, for the Hampton Veterans Medical Center (VAMC) located at 100 Emancipation Dr, Hampton, VA 23667 The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for this requirement is 811210 with a size standard of $34 Million The Department of Veterans Affairs, Hampton VAMC intends to issued this contract to ensure continuous support for the Vertex Data Distributing Services. The Statement of Work is attached. The period of performance will be a base year plus three option years. THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES; however, any responsible firm that believes it can meet the requirements may give written notification and capability statements prior to the response due date and time. Vendors shall indicate if they are the direct supplier or service provider of the items and/or authorized reseller/distributor. Supporting evidence must be furnished in sufficient detail to demonstrate the ability to perform the requirements and must include relevant corporate experience along with the applicable contract number, total contract dollar amount, contract period of performance, details of the relevant services and customer point of contact with corresponding telephone number and email address. Responses must include following information: 1. Company Name 2. SAM number 3. Company s address 4. Point of Contact information (title, phone number and email address) 5. Business size. Responsible sources may identify their interest by submitting capability information by 12PM, EST, on April 13, 2026, in order to establish the ability of the source to meet this requirement. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. The Government will not be responsible for any costs associated with the preparation of responses to this notification. All inquiries and submittals must be sent via email to Francine Valverde, Contract Specialist, at francine.valverde@va.gov. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted. STATEMENT OF WORK Data Distribution DICOM CD-DVD Burner Service Support Hampton VA Medical Center GENERAL REQUIREMENT: A service contract providing unlimited phone support M-F 8am 4pm PST. The vendor will troubleshoot all technical issues and resolve them over the phone if possible. If a replacement part, unit or software upgrade is needed, the vendor will contact the manufacturer of the product and will request the necessary item to be sent to the end user thereby streamlining the process for Hampton VA Medical Center (VAMC), 100 Emancipation Drive, Hampton, VA and Office of Community Care, Peninsula, Hampton, VA. Period of Performance: Date of Base year will be set upon award. Total Period of Performance, which includes three (3) Option Years, will be set upon award. Specific Requirements: The contractor, or third-party representative, will provide services to the CD-DVD Burners. The services include unlimited phone support, repair parts, labor, and travel as required. Unscheduled maintenance for all equipment listed above. Services include parts and labor. Onsite response within one business day 98% uptime guarantee Schedule of services. This is a multi-year (Base and Three Option Years) service request HOURS OF SERVICE: Normal hours of coverage are Monday through Friday from 7:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., excluding federal holidays. All service/repairs will be performed during normal hours of coverage unless requested or approved by the COR. Contractor may perform services outside normal hours of coverage at no overtime charge to the Government when requested by the Contractor and scheduled through the COR or his/her designee. Federal Holidays observed by the VAMC Hampton are: New Years Day Martin Luther King Day President's Day Memorial Day Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving Day Christmas Day Juneteenth Day DOCUMENTATION/REPORTS: Written documentation will include detailed descriptions of all repairs, calibrations, maintenance procedures performed including replaced parts to maintain the equipment in accordance with manufacturer's requirements. Each report must at a minimum document the following legibly and in complete detail. Name of Contractor. Name of FSE who performed services. Contractor Service ESR Number/Log Number. Date, Time (start/stop), Equipment downtime and hours on-site for service call. VAMC purchase order number(s) covering call not covered under the service agreement. Description of problem reported by the COTR/user. Identification of equipment to be serviced: ID #, Manufacturer's Name, Device, Model #, Serial #, and any other manufacturer's identification numbers. Itemized description of service performed including: labor, travel, parts (with part numbers), materials and circuit location of problem/corrective action. Total cost to be billed if outside the agreement. Signatures of the field service engineer performing the work and the VAMC employee who witnessed the work being done. Equipment downtime. Schedule A Vertex 25EI: Serial Numbers: 1022594 Coverage Years 2026 / 2030 1022228 Coverage Years 2026 / 2030 1021949 Coverage Years 2026 / 2030 1022595 Coverage Years 2026 / 2030

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Francine Valverde
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Francine.Valverde@va.gov
  - Phone: 757-251-4109

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/98463fc835c24a51933420b52967ddc3/view)