---
layout: default
title: Z2DA--593-26-103 | Renovate Education Building Training Hub
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e1873392cdc94975bd164264d92785e2
---

# Z2DA--593-26-103 | Renovate Education Building Training Hub

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 12:28:46.226-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26126R0041
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY No# 36C26126R0041 No Solicitation is currently Available Project No. 570-26-103 Place of Performance: Department of Veterans Affairs VA Southern Nevada Healthcare System Las Vegas VA Medical Center 6900 North Pecos Road, N. Las Vegas, NV 89086 THE RESULTING SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE MAY RESULT IN A SOLICITATION FOR REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. This is a source sought notice. The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this Sources Sought Notice or to otherwise pay for the information solicited. All information contained in this Sources Sought Announcement is preliminary, as well as subject to modification. (1) Although proposal, offeror, contractor, and offeror may be used in this source sought notice, any response will be treated as information only. It must not be used as a proposal. (2) The purpose of this notice is to conduct market research to support the project identified above. This notice serves to survey the market in an attempt to ascertain whether sources can provide the requested services. This notice allows potential contractors/vendors to submit a non-binding statement of interest and documentation demonstrating their capability. The source sought effort is intended to assess industry capabilities and develop/support the intended direction of acquisition planning. The Network Contracting Office (NCO 21) is requesting responses from qualified business concerns; the qualifying NAICS code for this effort is 236220 Commercial building construction. Small Business Size Standard: $45M. (3) This source sought notice is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classifications (Service Disabled/Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB/VOSB), Hub zone, 8(a), small, small disadvantaged, woman owned small business, or large business) relative to NAICS 236220. Responses to this notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. Based upon information received in response to this Sources Sought Notice, the Government shall make a determination on a procurement strategy, which shall include the type of small business set-aside, if appropriate. The eventual procurement strategy and set-aside, if appropriate, is solely within the discretion of the Government. After reviewing the responses to this notice, a solicitation announcement may be published. Responses to this notice are not considered adequate responses to any corresponding solicitation announcement. All interested offerors will have to respond to the solicitation announcement in addition to responding to this notice. (4) Issuance of this notice does not constitute any obligation whatsoever on the part of the Government to procure these services, or to issue solicitation, nor to notify respondents of the results of this notice. No solicitation documents exist at this time; however, in the event the acquisition strategy demonstrates that an internal contracting vehicle is a viable option for procuring a solution, the request for proposal (RFP) shall be posted internally. The Department of Veterans Affairs is seeking neither quotes nor accepting unsolicited quotes, and responses to this notice cannot be accepted as offers. Any information received from a contractor in response to this Sources Sought Notice may be used in creating a solicitation. Any information received which is marked with a statement, such as proprietary or confidential, intended to restrict distribution will not be distributed outside of the Government, except as required by law. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this Sources Sought. (5) Background: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), VA Southern Nevada Healthcare System (VASNHS) Las Vegas VA Medical Center, which is located at 6900 North Pecos Road, N. Las Vegas, NV 89086 intends to procure construction services to renovate education building training hub. Project Scope: The renovation project encompasses significant upgrades to improve functionality, aesthetics, and technology integration. The scope includes: constructing two new 10 high pony walls, 6 from northern wall with a 3 6 min. opening from western wall; installing all necessary hardware, electrical and data connections to mount and connect a television on the southern face of these pony walls; removal of the existing manual vertical dividing wall and installation of a new automatic dividing wall in its place; complete removal and disposal of the horizontal dividing wall and all attached and associated hardware and components; combining of rooms 1H125A with 1H122A and 1H124A with 1H123A creating two larger spaces; removal of existing acoustic ceiling in each storage room and installation of new acoustic ceiling in larger storage rooms; Removal of existing twin double door assemblies at each storage room and installation of single double door assemblies in their place; replacement of existing carpet tiles in the training quad rooms with new carpet tiles; the quad s surrounding corridor s carpet tiling shall be removed and replaced with terrazzo-style tile flooring; Removal of two (2) existing 36 northern entrance doors and replacement with two (2) new 42 doors; removal of all ceiling-mounted projectors and their associated wiring, as well as the ceiling mounted projector screens installed within the quad; removal of existing 3 smartboards and their associated wiring within the quad; preparation of the southern walls within 1H124 and 1H125 for mounting of two new monitors; removal of existing podiums located in 1H122, 1H123, 1H124, and 1H125 along with their utilities; Installation of new underfloor utility runs for the two new podiums in 1H124 and 1H125 requiring trenching into concrete and GPR scanning; and repainting of entire wall space within education quad. Additionally, the contractor shall install all required utilities and connections for new audiovisual equipment within the education quad rooms that is being procured as a part of a separate VA effort. The contractor will be expected to work in conjunction with chosen equipment manufacturer or their assignee for the installation of equipment. This assignee may have workers within the boundary of construction to facilitate the installation of the new AV equipment within the education training quad. The period of performance is 120 calendar days Please refer to the statement of work for details. INSTRUCTIONS: Because the solicitation strategy is dependent upon responses to this sources sought notice, interested parties are encouraged to provide complete and accurate responses to all items, which should be limited to a brief description, up to one (1) page. If any portions seem unclear, prohibited, and/or you are unsure about the draft descriptions of the requirement please list your comments and/or concerns in your response so they can be addressed. a) STATEMENT OF CAPABLILITY - Demonstrate how your company can provide the requested services that are required in the attached Statement of Work (SOW) both in magnitude and scope. Include prior experience (within the past five years) in similar in both magnitude and scope services to the VA, other Government (Federal or State) agency, or for a private facility. Include general information, a brief description of the work, and total magnitude of each project. b) SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS - Specify under which disadvantaged group and if your firm is certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act. Indicate if your firm is a certified Service- Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) or Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB). c) Include the CAGE or SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number of your firm on your response. d) QUESTIONS Please provide answers to the following questions: 1. Is the period of performance listed in the draft statement of work reasonable? 2. Has your firm previously performed renovation services for the VA and other Government (Federal or State) agency within a five-year period? 3. Bonding capability statement 4. Specify your firm s Socio-Economic Status. If interested, responses are due in writing by 2:00 PM PDT, Tuesday, April 14, 2026. Please submit e-mail responses to Daniel Jhun, Contracting Officier, at e-mail address: daniel.jhun@va.gov. Please place Response to Sources Sought Notice Renovate Education Building Training Hub for the Las Vega VA in the subject line of your email. A draft copy of the SOW, Construction Specifications, and drawings are attached for reference.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Daniel Jhun
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: daniel.jhun@va.gov
  - Phone: 916-923-4507

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e1873392cdc94975bd164264d92785e2/view)