---
layout: default
title: Q515--Stanford Autopsy Services
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: dc0b1a820dad45988d930ce3246c0dc6
---

# Q515--Stanford Autopsy Services

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 13:42:53.674-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26126Q0460
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 5 of 24 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 22 DESCRIPTION THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. No Solicitation is currently available. All information contained in this Sources Sought Announcement is preliminary, as well as subject to modification, and is in no way binding on the Government. The Government will not pay for any information submitted in response to this request. The information requested will be used solely within the Department of Veterans Affairs to facilitate decision making and will not be disclosed outside of the Government. The determination of a procurement strategy, based upon the comments submitted in response to this Sources Sought Announcement, is solely within the discretion of the Government. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 621511, Medical Laboratories, and the small business size standard is $41.5M Million. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Network Contracting Office (NCO 21) is soliciting information from contractors that can provide autopsy services for the VA Palo Alto Health Care Service (VAPAHCS). A draft copy of the Statement of Work (SOW) is attached. Brief Description of Services See attached Draft SOW. Capability Statement All interested contractors must respond by email to Cynthia.diezel@va.gov before 10:00 A.M. PST on Tuesday, April 21, 2026. Please answer the following questions when responding: What is your company s Socioeconomic Status? (ex: small business, large business, SDVOSB, etc.) a. If SDVOSB or VOSB, are you registered with the Small Business Administration? Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov) Provide Company s legal name along with Unique Entity ID (SAM) number. Primary point of contact, including phone number and e-mail address. Capabilities Statement. Describe experience in providing : Perform anatomical autopsy services in accordance with the specifications contained within the Draft Performance Work Statement. List other Projects (Government and Commercial) that are similar in scope and size. As this is a service acquisition, the Small Business Administration and the Federal Acquisition Regulation have a Limitations on Subcontracting requirement. For all small businesses, to include SDVOSB and VOSB, At least 50 percent of the cost of contract performance incurred for personnel shall be expended for employees of the concern. See FAR 52.219-14 and FAR 52.219-27 available in full text at https://www.acquisition.gov/far/html/52_217_221.html 7a. Of the service actions listed above, which one(s) will your company perform as the prime contractor using its own personnel without subcontracting? 7b. With respect to the service actions listed above, which action(s) do you intend on subcontracting or using other than your company s own personnel? 7c. Of those services that will be performed, approximately what percentage will be paid to the subcontractor(s)? GSA Contract Number, if applicable. Fill out the price estimate (5 Option Years) attached. *Failure to provide the information requested above (items 1-9) will be considered non-responsive and will not be considered a viable source. RFQ 36C26126Q0460 number has been assigned and should be referenced on all correspondence regarding this announcement. The Government will use this information when determining its business type decision. This synopsis is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government and no contract will be awarded as a direct result of this Sources Sought announcement. Line Item PRODUCT/SERVICE NAME QTY UNIT OF ISSUE UNIT PRICE TOTAL PRICE 0001 Autopsy Gross and Microscopic Examination without Brain/Central Nervous System 5 EA Â Â 0002 Autopsy Gross and Microscopic Examination with Brain/Central Nervous System 10 EA Â Â 0003 Autopsy, Limited, Gross and Microscopic Examination, Regional (Pleural Cavity or Peritoneal Cavity, or Limited to Specified Organs) 5 EA Â Â 0004 Office of Decedent Affairs Administrative Fee 20 EA Â Â 0005 Transport Bay Area Mortuary (BAM), Round-Trip From and Back to VA Palo Alto 20 EA Â Â 0006 Necropsy (Autopsy) Limited to Specified Organs, Gross Examination Only 2 EA 1001 Autopsy Gross and Microscopic Examination without Brain/Central Nervous System 5 EA Â Â 1002 Autopsy Gross and Microscopic Examination with Brain/Central Nervous System 10 EA Â Â 1003 Autopsy, Limited, Gross and Microscopic Examination, Regional (Pleural Cavity or Peritoneal Cavity, or Limited to Specified Organs) 5 EA Â Â 1004 Office of Decedent Affairs Administrative Fee 20 EA Â Â 1005 Transport Bay Area Mortuary (BAM), Round-Trip From and Back to VA Palo Alto 20 EA Â Â 1006 Necropsy (Autopsy) Limited to Specified Organs, Gross Examination Only 2 EA 2001 Autopsy Gross and Microscopic Examination without Brain/Central Nervous System 5 EA Â Â 2002 Autopsy Gross and Microscopic Examination with Brain/Central Nervous System 10 EA Â Â 2003 Autopsy, Limited, Gross and Microscopic Examination, Regional (Pleural Cavity or Peritoneal Cavity, or Limited to Specified Organs) 5 EA Â Â 2004 Office of Decedent Affairs Administrative Fee 20 EA Â Â 2005 Transport Bay Area Mortuary (BAM), Round-Trip From and Back to VA Palo Alto 20 EA Â Â 2006 Necropsy (Autopsy) Limited to Specified Organs, Gross Examination Only 2 EA 3001 Autopsy Gross and Microscopic Examination without Brain/Central Nervous System 5 EA Â Â 3002 Autopsy Gross and Microscopic Examination with Brain/Central Nervous System 10 EA Â Â 3003 Autopsy, Limited, Gross and Microscopic Examination, Regional (Pleural Cavity or Peritoneal Cavity, or Limited to Specified Organs) 5 EA Â Â 3004 Office of Decedent Affairs Administrative Fee 20 EA Â Â 3005 Transport Bay Area Mortuary (BAM), Round-Trip From and Back to VA Palo Alto 20 EA Â Â 3006 Necropsy (Autopsy) Limited to Specified Organs, Gross Examination Only 2 EA 4001 Autopsy Gross and Microscopic Examination without Brain/Central Nervous System 5 EA Â Â 4002 Autopsy Gross and Microscopic Examination with Brain/Central Nervous System 10 EA Â Â 4003 Autopsy, Limited, Gross and Microscopic Examination, Regional (Pleural Cavity or Peritoneal Cavity, or Limited to Specified Organs) 5 EA Â Â 4004 Office of Decedent Affairs Administrative Fee 20 EA Â Â 4005 Transport Bay Area Mortuary (BAM), Round-Trip From and Back to VA Palo Alto 20 EA Â Â 4006 Necropsy (Autopsy) Limited to Specified Organs, Gross Examination Only 2 EA Notes: Contractors must have a current registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://sam.gov/SAM/ SDVOSB and VOSB firms should be registered at the time of submission and verified at Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov) 21 Page 1 of Page 1 of Page 21 of 21 Page 1 of Page 1 of Page 1 of Page 24 of 24

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Cynthia Diezel
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: cynthia.diezel@va.gov
  - Phone: (916) 923-4567

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dc0b1a820dad45988d930ce3246c0dc6/view)