---
layout: default
title: Y1DA--NRM-CONST 630A4-17-433 Replace Boiler Plant Main Electrical Switchgear
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: ebb4d2f8a606435e82e1ca55094e79c4
---

# Y1DA--NRM-CONST 630A4-17-433 Replace Boiler Plant Main Electrical Switchgear

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 13:51:44.115-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C24226B0042
- Awardee: null

## Summary

****THIS NOT A SOLICITATION**** THIS PRE-SOLICITATION NOTICE IS TO INFORM YOU THAT THE ALBANS VA COMMUNITY LIVING CENTER, 179-00 LINDEN BOULEVARD, St. Albans, NY 11425, WILL BE POSTING A SOLICITATION ON OR ABOUT March 6, 2026, FOR REPLACE BOILER PLANT MAIN ELECTRICAL SWITCHGEAR. This procurement is 100% set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses. The NAICS code is 238210. The small business standard is $19 Million. The magnitude of construction is between $2,000,000 and $5,000,000. A 20% Bid Bond must be submitted with the bid. Information regarding the scheduled site visit will be stated in the Solicitation. Solicitation materials consisting of the Information for Bid Details, Specifications, Drawings and Contract Forms will be available on https://beta.sam.gov in electronic format only. The POC for this project will be Kim Gomez and can be reach kimberly.gomez@va.gov. Description of Work: The general contractor (GC) shall follow Architect/Engineer 100% Issue for Construction (IFC) documents to construct and Replace Boiler Plant Main Electrical Switchgear construction project at the VA New York Harbor Healthcare System- St Albans Campus. This work shall include all necessary labor, materials, equipment, and supervision but not limited to: The project involves the replacement of the main electrical switchgear and transformers, cables, conduits, and associated appurtenances in the Boiler Plant in Building #64 (Boiler Plant). The scope of work is the design of the replacement of Substations #1 and #2, Motor Control Centers #1 and #2, and Transformers A and B. See SOW breakdown by trades as follows. The Architectural work includes support in building areas affected by the replacement of the main switchgear, which will include firestopping, miscellaneous patching and repair of wall, floor and ceiling finishes and surfaces associated with the proposed electrical work. The mechanical work includes removing the existing ventilation system and providing a new adequate ventilation system and cooling upgrades to accommodate heat loads generated by new electrical room gear to comply with the VA requirements and the current Mechanical Code of New York State. The electrical Phased Electrical demolition of switchgear units and associated equipment. Phased installation of new switchgear units and associated equipment. Phasing details are noted with this specification (see section l.6, I.) and on drawings as well. The work phasing sequence of operation was developed to maintain operation of the Boiler Plant during the construction period. Infection control will be a priority throughout the construction process. Temporary one (1) hour fire-rated or 15 minutes fire-rated plastic barriers will be set up around the work area to prevent dust and debris from spreading to other areas of the hospital. HEPA-filtered negative air machines will be used to maintain negative pressure in the construction zone, ensuring that airborne contaminants are contained. Workers entering the construction zone will be required to pass through an anteroom equipped with HEPA vacuums or wear disposable coveralls that are changed upon exiting. All construction waste will be carefully sealed and removed in accordance with infection control procedures to ensure the cleanliness of the hospital environment. For construction details, please refer to ATTACHMENT IFC VA Stamped Drawings SA Switchgear Replacement 630A17433 11152023 and IFC VA Master Specs SA Switchgear Replacement 630A17433 11152023 FNL 1 as reference. Project Management Platform Requirement Construction contractors and A/E design firms, selected by award to perform work at VISN 2 VA facilities, are required to utilize VISN 2 Autodesk Build Construction management platform, also called Autodesk Construction Cloud (ACC). Access to the platform and training portal will be provided by VISN 2 through project Contracting Officer Representative (COR) at no cost for the duration of the project. Autodesk Build is the management and collaborative environment that VISN 2 uses for all its Non-Recurring Maintenance (NRM), Minor Program projects, Feasibility Studies, Commissioning and Retro-Commissioning contracts.Â There is no user, license, or subscription fee to the contractor for using this cloud-based platform. Contractor shall accomplish and complete the following tasks upon award of contract: Request access to ACC platform and Productivity NOW eLearning Site to project VA COR NLT 14 days from contract award. Only staff that shall utilize the platform to be granted access. Examples: Project manager, sub-contractors POC, Site manager, Safety officer, etc. The access request shall be in writing and include a list of staff. The list shall include the following information: Full Name Company Name Email Address Role/Position on the project (i.e., Project manager, site super) Upon granting access, staff shall complete required ACC training through Productivity NOW platform within 12 Calendar days. Upon successful completion of training, contractor shall submit certificates of completion to COR NLT 2 business days. Access to Productivity NOW eLearning will expire after 12 Calendar days after online access is granted. Contractor shall complete ACC training within that period. Additional Staff and Subcontractors can be added at any time with a request submission to the project COR as described above. The contractor shall only use the ACC platform for contract required submissions, official project correspondence to be acknowledged, reviewed, and actioned by the responsible party. No additional time shall be added to the contract, nor an increase in contract amount be provided for the contractor s failure to utilize the ACC platform as the project s official communication and collaboration system. Any correspondence out of platform shall not be the governing authority contradicting direction and will be at the contractor s expense. Official project correspondence and collaboration includes but not limited to: RFIs, submittals, schedules, shutdown requests, actionable tasks, reports, testing, safety inspections, photos, and site surveys. Contractor must inform the COR of any staff changes NLT 2 business days from the change. Staff changes pertain to staff who was granted access to the ACC platform. Contractor shall request termination of access, replacement of personnel and/or any other action that might impact the contractor ability to maintain required utilization of the platform. Contractor submission requirements cannot be accepted for work to begin without meeting all ACC Platform requirements outlined herein, including completing required ACC platform training. General Requirement: The Contractor shall take all necessary precautions and safety measure to protect all patients and end users from all related activities. The Contractor shall test and verify all work to ensure proper operation. The Contractor must have OSHA training, and specialized OSHA training. In the performance of all work, the workers must be incompliance with safety regulations governing worker safety (OSHA: 29 CFR 1926 Safety and Health Regulations for Construction; NFPA, Life Safety Codes, etc.). All work shall be done in accordance with NFPA, Life Safety, VA Standards and Regulations, VA Policy and requirements, OSHA regulations, and manufacturer specification. The Contractor shall guarantee that all work performed will be free from all defects in workmanship and materials and that all installation and repair will provide the capacities and characteristics specified. The contractor shall guarantee that if, during a period of construction from the date of the certificate of completion and acceptance of the work, any such defects shall be repaired by the contractor at his own cost. It is the responsibility of the contractor to verify all quantities, field conditions and measurements prior to starting work. The contractor shall notify the CO/COR and VA Engineering Team of any differing site conditions prior to starting All contractor employees and subcontractors participating under this contract are required to complete the VA's Privacy training requirement - VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct Access to or the Use of VA Sensitive Information Contractors must provide certifications of completion to the COR during each year of the contract.Â Training expires 365 days after the training is taken.Â This requirement is in addition to any other training that may be required of the contractor and subcontractor(s). The COR for the contract is responsible for ensuring the contractor takes the training and to follow up with the annual requirements. Justification: The existing boiler plant switchgear needs replacement. The existing switch gear is not code compliant and provides significant risks to the safety of the boiler plant and electrical staff. The existing high voltage switchgear are over 30 years old and require significant maintenance and repair to keep it running. The facility has received a facility condition assessment deficiency for electrical systems for the boiler plant switchgear.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kim Gomez
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: kimberly.gomez@va.gov
  - Phone: 360-696-4061 X39557

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: VA Stamped Drawings SA Switchgear Replacement 630A17433 11152023 and IFC VA Master Specs SA Switchgear Replacement 630A17433 11152023 FNL 1 as reference. Project Management Platform Requirement Construction contractors and A/E design firms, selected by award to perform work at VISN 2 VA facilities, are required to utilize VISN 2 Autodesk Build Construction management platform, also called Autodesk Construction Cloud (ACC). Access to the platform and training portal will be provided by VISN 2 through project Contracting Officer Representative (COR) at no cost for the duration of the project. Autodesk Build is the management and collaborative environment that VISN 2 uses for all its Non-Recurring Maintenance (NRM), Minor Program projects, Feasibility Studies, Commissioning and Retro-Commissioning contracts.Â There is no user, license, or subscription fee to the contractor for using this cloud-based platform. Contractor shall accomplish and complete the following tasks upon award of contract: Request access to ACC platform and Productivity NOW eLearning Site to project VA COR NLT 14 days from contract award. Only staff that shall utilize the platform to be granted access. Examples: Project manager, sub-contractors POC, Site manager, Safety officer, etc. The access request shall be in writing and include a list of staff. The list shall include the following information: Full Name Company Name Email Address Role/Position on the project (i.e., Project manager, site super) Upon granting access, staff shall complete required ACC training through Productivity NOW platform within 12 Calendar days. Upon successful completion of training, contractor shall submit certificates of completion to COR NLT 2 business days. Access to Productivity NOW eLearning will expire after 12 Calendar days after online access is granted. Contractor shall complete ACC training within that period. Additional Staff and Subcontractors can be added at any time with a request submission to the project COR as described above. The contractor shall only use the ACC platform for contract required submissions, official project correspondence to be acknowledged, reviewed, and actioned by the responsible party. No additional time shall be added to the contract, nor an increase in contract amount be provided for the contractor s failure to utilize the ACC platform as the project s official communication and collaboration system. Any correspondence out of platform shall not be the governing authority contradicting direction and will be at the contractor s expense. Official project correspondence and collaboration includes but not limited to: RFIs, submittals, schedules, shutdown requests, actionable tasks, reports, testing, safety inspections, photos, and site surveys. Contractor must inform the COR of any staff changes NLT 2 business days from the change. Staff changes pertain to staff who was granted access to the ACC platform. Contractor shall request termination of access, replacement of personnel and/or any other action that might impact the contractor ability to maintain required utilization of the platform. Contractor submission requirements cannot be accepted for work to begin without meeting all ACC Platform requirements outlined herein, including completing required ACC platform training. General Requirement: The Contractor shall take all necessary precautions and safety measure to protect all patients and end users from all related activities. The Contractor shall test and verify all work to ensure proper operation. The Contractor must have OSHA training, and specialized OSHA training. In the performance of all work, the workers must be incompliance with safety regulations governing worker safety (OSHA: 29 CFR 1926 Safety and Health Regulations for Construction; NFPA, Life Safety Codes, etc.). All work shall be done in accordance with NFPA, Life Safety, VA Standards and Regulations, VA Policy and requirements, OSHA regulations, and manufacturer specification. The Contractor shall guarantee that all work performed will be free from all defects in workmanship and materials and that all installation and repair will provide the capacities and characteristics specified. The contractor shall guarantee that if, during a period of construction from the date of the certificate of completion and acceptance of the work, any such defects shall be repaired by the contractor at his own cost. It is the responsibility of the contractor to verify all quantities, field conditions and measurements prior to starting work. The contractor shall notify the CO/COR and VA Engineering Team of any differing site conditions prior to starting All contractor employees and subcontractors participating under this contract are required to complete the VA"s Privacy training requirement - VA Privacy Training for Personnel without Access to VA Computer Systems or Direct Access to or the Use of VA Sensitive Information Contractors must provide certifications of completion to the COR during each year of the contract.Â Training expires 365 days after the training is taken.Â This requirement is in addition to any other training that may be required of the contractor and subcontractor(s). The COR for the contract is responsible for ensuring the contractor takes the training and to follow up with the annual requirements. Justification: The existing boiler plant switchgear needs replacement. The existing switch gear is not code compliant and provides significant risks to the safety of the boiler plant and electrical staff. The existing high voltage switchgear are over 30 years old and require significant maintenance and repair to keep it running. The facility has received a facility condition assessment deficiency for electrical systems for the boiler plant switchgear

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ebb4d2f8a606435e82e1ca55094e79c4/view