---
layout: default
title: J061--SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE - Uninterruptable Power Supply ANNUAL MAINTENANCE & REPAIR SERVICE Baltimore VA Medical Center 36C24526Q0388
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: a5dd7e4800cd4c12a8f508217f701a2a
---

# J061--SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE - Uninterruptable Power Supply ANNUAL MAINTENANCE & REPAIR SERVICE Baltimore VA Medical Center 36C24526Q0388

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-23 09:09:49.564-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0388
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SUMMARY: Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration, Network Contracting Office 5, is issuing this request for sources sought notice in order to identify vendors that are interested in and capable of providing contractor services. The Contractor will provide all labor, equipment, tools, test equipment, materials, replacement parts, and supervision necessary to perform maintenance services to UPS Systems at the Baltimore VA Medical Center. Scope of Work: FACILITY: Baltimore VA Medical Center Facilities & Engineering 2. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS The Contractor will provide all labor, equipment, tools, test equipment, materials, replacement parts, and supervision necessary to perform maintenance services to UPS Systems at the Baltimore VA Medical Center 10 North Greene Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21201. This will include (1) one major preventive maintenance on UPS/Battery and (1) one minor preventive maintenance inspection on all UPS/Battery. All work to be following local, state and federal rules and regulations, and VA technical standards. The contractor will start and run the unit to verify proper operations. Replacement of batteries and other parts. All work will be performed during normal weekday business hours. Normal work hours are Monday through Friday 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. 3. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance shall be established for a one-year base period with four (4) one- year option periods (if exercised). The estimated periods of performance are as follows: Base Year Start date of contract approximately 05/01/2026 Option Year 1 Option Year 2 Option Year 3 Option Year 4 4. GENERAL CONDITIONS AND DEFINITIONS: A. VAMHCS: Veterans Affairs Maryland Health Care System. B. VA: Veterans Affairs. C. CO: V.A. employee of the VA Contracting Service officially assigned to act as Contract Officer on behalf of Veterans Health Administration. The services performed are that of general supervision, direction, control and approval of the contract. D. COTR: Contracting Officers Technical Representative. V.A. employee of VAMC Facilities and Engineering Service officially assigned to act as Project Manager and Inspector on behalf of VAMC and Contracting Officer. COTR shall be First Point of Contact on all matters concerning contract work for subject Project. Coordinate all administrative and construction requirements exclusively with or through assigned COTR of VAMC Facilities and Engineering Service; and. neither discuss contract work with, nor take any directives concerning contract work from any other person than COTR unless specifically permitted and authorized to do so. E. PROVIDE: Whenever used throughout Scope of Work, term Provide is to be understood to mean -Purchase newly manufactured; Furnish delivered to VAMC work site in protective containers; Secure from tampering or theft; and Install in accordance with Contract Scope of Work, Drawings, Specifications, and Manufacturer s Instructions all required items of administrative submittals, labor, and installation works for the Contract. Any work the Contractor is required to accomplish due to unsatisfactory performance or nonperformance in accordance with the stated quality and level of effort specified in the contract. Rework is performed at no additional cost to the Government. Follow all Infection Control Risk Assessment (ICRA) guidelines for dust control during all construction work. A construction dust Risk Assessment will be conducted by the Medical Center s Infection Control Nurse. Temporary dust barriers may be installed based on this assessment. Bi-weekly inspections of barriers and work areas will be conducted by Infection Control Nurse, Safety Manager, and COTR to enforce implementation of risk assessment. All equipment and materials shall be approved prior to being brought on job site. Although normal work hours are Monday through Friday 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., for critical areas that will require shut-downs, work shall be completed on 2nd and 3rd shifts and weekends. Final schedule shall be determined after analysis of damaged drivers. Contractor shall make prior arrangements with the COTR to coordinate shut-down periods. Also, contractors shall plan for sub-contractors to work in secure areas. VA will not grant access to subs; it is the responsibility of the contractor. Contractor must obtain a burn permit from VA Safety Office prior to any welding, soldering work and burning. All employees of general contractors and subcontractors shall comply with VA security management program and obtain permission of the VA police. The work is in a professional environment; employees must conduct themselves accordingly. Employees shall not use abusive language, carry firearms, or bring alcoholic beverages on site. Employee's dress code shall consist of normal work uniform. Shirts must be always worn. Contractor shall provide general cleaning up to construction area daily to the satisfaction of the VA Project Manager. Hospital smoking policy (NO SMOKING IN THE BUILDING), smoking must be done in approved smoke shelters or at least 35 feet from any building. OSHA and VA CONSTRUCTION SAFETY STANDARDS will be enforced. Contractor must have 30-hour OSHA Construction Safety course. Start up, test, check and adjust all units in the presence of VA COTR. The following table includes the model, serial number, brand and description for the Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS) Systems, Power Distribution Unit. All units are located at 10 North Greene Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21201.Â All ofÂ theÂ itemsÂ areÂ currently in goodÂ working conditions. UPS Equipment List: Model # Serial# Description Brand G9000 15530159 60kVA T90S3S10KS6XSN2 Toshiba G9000 15530154 80kVA T90S3S10KS6X2N2 Toshiba G8000 180602149 125kVA T80S3S12KK6XS2HS Toshiba NX480 2101200300210AD20011 100kVA 38SA081A0A00 Liebert 9900 Aegis 19-7M86159-09 150kVA UP9933A-E154DU-4 Mitsubishi 93PM-100-2 ER155UXX04 100kVA 9PG10D0005320M2 Eaton 93PM-100-2 ER296UXX01 100kVA 9PG10D0005320M2 Eaton 93PM-150-3 ER185UXX09 150kVA 9PL15C0005H24M2 Eaton LPS Lighting Inverter LPS-1150-1150W Candela 8. SAFETY PRECAUTIONS: A. The Contractor shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local legal requirements regarding workers health and safety. The requirements include but are not limited to those found in Federal and State Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA and MOSHA) statutes and regulations, such as applicable provisions of Title 29, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Parts 1910 and 1926. Contractor is solely responsible for determining the legal requirements that apply to activities and shall ensure safe and healthy working conditions for its employees. B. Contractor shall assume the responsibility to guard against causing of fires and/or explosions and to protect Government Property, reference NFPA 241 and 29 CFR 1926. C. The Contractor shall perform the work in a manner consistent with the area security and fire safety regulations especially regarding exits and exit way access. Utility shutdowns shall not compromise security, communication or fire safety for occupants. No flammable liquids shall be stored or used in the medical center. The necessary number and appropriate types of portable fire extinguishers are required per National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) 10 and NFPA 241. The Contractor shall request, from the COTR a permit for all cutting, welding, and soldering. All permits shall be prominently displayed during all construction. All necessary precautions shall be taken by the contractor to prevent accidental activation of any existing smoke detectors or sprinkler heads. HAZARDOUS MATERIAL REPORTING: A. The Contractor shall maintain hazardous material inventories and material safety data sheets (MSDS) for all hazardous materials (as defined in CFR 1910.120, 40 CFR s 355, 370, & 372) to be stored and used in this Medical Center. Hazardous materials must be inventoried when received and at the project s completion. The amount used shall be maintained for the project duration. B. Hazardous Materials Inventories, Material Safety Data Sheets and material quantities used shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer for approval and copies furnished to the Contracting Officers Technical Representative. C. In the event of a spill, Contractor shall immediately notify the Contracting Officer s Technical Representative as well as the Contracting Officer. The Contractor shall be solely responsible for the expense of any cleanup and / or damage resulting of such spill, and the cleanup shall be in accordance with the applicable provisions of 40 CFR Part 761. READ LAST PAGE FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO REPLY TO THIS NOTICE Interested & Capable Responses: Must respond with the following information. NCO 5 is seeking responses from entities that are interested in this procurement and consider themselves to have the resources, capabilities, and qualifications necessary to provide the services required for the Baltimore VA Medical Center. Please respond to this RFI/Sources Sought 36C24526Q0388 with your: 1. Business name (including Unique Entity ID (SAM.gov) 2. Business type, socio-economic status (e.g., Veteran-Owned, Woman-Owned, Disadvantaged Small Business, 8(a), etc.), and 3. Person of contact (including telephone number & email address). 4. Capability statement and summary of previous experience providing these types of services for the Veterans Health Administration or other similar facilities. 5. Available contract vehicles (GSA FSS, etc.) for use by Department of VA (include applicable NAICS) 6. Brief Summary of categories of services that your company can/cannot provide. 7. Certification(s) / Licenses for meeting the local requirements to provide these services at the DC VAMC (if applicable) 8. Confirmation that your organization has the capability & expertise to meet the performance requirements while complying with applicable limitations in subcontracting by responding to the questions below with your response: a. Do you intend to self-perform this effort? b. If you are located outside the immediate area, how will you self-perform? c. Or do you intend to subcontract work under this contract? d. If you intend to subcontract work under this contract, how will you ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting? Response Instructions: Responses must be submitted by 10:00 AM (ET) 04/03/2026, Responses to the information requested above must be submitted via email to Bill Pratt at Billie.Pratt@va.gov . Respond: 36C24526Q0388 Sources Sought Notice | Company Name This request for information/sources sought notice is for planning purposes ONLY and does not constitute a solicitation, responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The results of this market research will assist in the development of (1) the requirement, and (2) the acquisition strategy (e.g., SDVOSB/SDVOSB set-aside, small business set-aside, full and open competition, etc.).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Bill Pratt
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Billie.Pratt@va.gov
  - Phone: 410-642-2411

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a5dd7e4800cd4c12a8f508217f701a2a/view)