---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought Notice For Acquisition & Systems Engineering Support
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: bad5a39a2d384dbe8593d3f949c582d0
---

# Sources Sought Notice For Acquisition & Systems Engineering Support

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-08 17:47:56.127-04
- Solicitation Number: N0003026R1030

## Summary

2026 Support Services

1.0 Product Service Code (PSC) R – Engineering/Technical (R425) R – Professional: Other (R499) R – Administrative: Other (R699) R – Public Relations (R708)

2.0 North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 541611 – Administrative Management and General Management Consulting Services.

3.0 Contracting Office Address Strategic Systems Programs (SSP) 1250 10th Street, Suite 4600 Washington DC 20374

4.0 Synopsis This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE (SSN) announcement. SSNs are issued to assist the Agency in performing market research to determine industry interest and capability. No proposals are being requested or accepted with this synopsis. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS AND NO CONTRACT SHALL BE AWARDED FROM THIS SYNOPSIS. Therefore, no proposals are being requested or accepted in response to this SSN.

5.0 Purpose In accordance with (IAW) Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 10, SSP is conducting market research to determine if sources are capable of successfully performing the requirements identified in this SSN. Specifically, SSP is seeking capable firms to provide technical expertise and support in the following areas: Program Management, Systems Engineering and Integration, Administrative and Technical Services for the various programs and SSP offices identified in Table A and in enclosure (1) SSN SOW Requirements cited in paragraph 8.0 below. The contract type will include Cost Plus Fixed Fee, Term Contract Line-Item Numbers (CLINs). The Period of Performance (POP) will include a base year FY26 effort from 11 December 2026 to 10 December 2027, and four (4) corresponding one-year option periods. NOTE: Given the highly technical nature of SSP’s mission set as a major weapons systems command and corresponding technical requirements, respondents must provide recent and relevant past performance data (as detailed below) to demonstrate and substantiate the respondents ability to successfully execute requirements detailed in this SSN.

6.0 White Paper Capability Statement Credentials a. SSP is seeking detailed, complete, and thorough White Paper capability statements from interested firms who can demonstrate and document, with evidentiary support, that they 1) possess the minimum qualifications and experience identified in paragraph 7.0 which are critical to the successful execution of the requirements, and 2) demonstrate recent and relevant experience, as the Prime contractor (or subcontractor) performing the same/similar efforts of the same/similar scope, size, and complexity to the enclosure (1) SSN SOW requirements identified in paragraph 8.0. Interested firms must demonstrate their existing capability, or potential to acquire the capability, to meet the enclosure (1) SSN SOW requirements by the time of contract award, estimated to be 16 December 2026.

6.1 Small Business Concerns IAW FAR Subpart

19.2 Polices, SSP seeks to provide maximum practicable opportunities in its acquisitions to small business, veteran-owned small business, service-disabled veteran-owned small business, HUBZone small business, small disadvantaged business, and women-owned small business concerns. Small Business Concerns who possess the minimum qualifications and experience identified in paragraph 7.0 and who can demonstrate its concerns’ capability (or ability to obtain the capability by the contract award date) to execute the complete requirements identified in the enclosure (1) SSN SOW in paragraph 8.0, as well provide the requisite past performance experience detailed in Section 9.0, are encouraged to respond to this SSN. If a small business concern intends to partner with another entity, the small business concern must identify which specific enclosure (1) SSN and SOW efforts/tasks it intends to perform, as well as the specific efforts/tasks the partner will perform, with the substantiating data required in this SSN supporting the identified partnering roles and responsibilities. NOTE: 100% of the enclosure (1) SSN and SOW requirements must be addressed in any submitted partnering submittal, if obtainable. A partnering submittal cannot state “We plan to team with XYZ Corporation” without supporting qualifications and experiential content. A letter of general intent from the named partner must be included with SSN response and their capabilities. NOTE: In the event this contract is set aside for small business concerns, the small business concern agrees that it will be in strict compliance and conformance with the percentage payment limitations for services, supplies, or construction (as applicable) to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities in accordance with FAR 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting and state such in their response.

7.0 Minimum Qualifications / Experience Requirements Interested firms shall document and submit specific and evidenced / demonstrated possession of the minimum qualifications and experience requirements in the technical areas identified in bullets a through d below which are critical to the successful execution of enclosure SSN and SOW requirements in paragraph 8.0. This experience shall be documented as specified in paragraph 9.0. SSP requires the prospective contractor to have knowledge, expertise and experience that includes, but not limited to, NWS and SWS operational systems; NWS vulnerabilities and gap analysis; development, technical, operational, and programmatic trade studies; complex Department of Navy policy; participation in working groups and design-build-sustain teams; program-level acquisition planning and strategies; financial summaries and execution reporting. Experience with US Navy program and system engineering support for Nuclear Weapons Surety program. Demonstrated examples of system engineering strategies that have been successfully implemented and shown ability to identify critical components a system engineering plan that are executable for the Navy’s Nuclear Weapons Surety Program. Detailed understanding of coordinated interfaces between Navy Electronic Security Systems and processes, planning, and requirements at Strategic Weapons Facilities. Experience with Strategic Systems Program Nuclear Weapons Program Acquisition lifecycle from pre award to post award. Experience with Nuclear Weapons Surety Program Management and Integration Support. Note: This requirement will entail the development and delivery of Digital Engineering (DE) CDRLs. Firms must identify their present capability to develop and deliver DE CDRL items.

8.0 Description of Requirements See enclosure (1) SSN SOW Requirements.

8.1 Quantity of Personnel Required / Place of Performance Estimated need is for 5 Full Time Equivalent (FTE) personnel who will provide off-site and on-site support at the Washington Navy Yard, District of Columbia.

9.0 Evidentiary Qualifications/Experience Documentation Requirements Interested firms must possess the requisite minimum qualifications and experience identified in paragraph 7.0 and demonstrated relevant and recent experience as it relates to the enclosure (1) SOW requirements in paragraph 8.0. White Paper Capability statements must include all of the content and details identified below:

9.1 Minimum Qualifications / Experience Requirements Validation White Paper Capability statement submissions shall include a discrete section with the heading “Minimum Qualifications/Experience Requirements” and document, with specific information, each of the minimum qualifications identified in paragraph 7.0. This section may cite contract reference efforts detailed in Table A of paragraph 9.2 below provided that respondents provide context and rationale as to how that contract reference effort(s) demonstrate possession of the applicable Minimum Qualifications / Experience requirements of bullets a through v identified in paragraph 7.0 – or have capability of obtaining by contract award.

9.2 Relevant & Recent Experience / Supporting Narratives In addition to demonstrating possession of the requisite Minimum Qualifications / Experience requirements identified in paragraph 7.0 above (or have capability of obtaining by contract award), interested firms shall demonstrate relevant and recent experience performing the same or similar efforts and or completion tasks (as applicable) to the enclosure (1) SSN SOW requirements in paragraph 8.0. Relevant experience is defined as performing efforts/tasks similar in scope, size, and complexity as the enclosure (1) SSN SOW requirements with an annual incurred cost/expense of at least $2M. Recent experience is defined as work performed within 5 years of the SSN posting date. To substantiate the performance of relevant and recent efforts/tasks to the enclosure (1) SSN SOW requirements, White Paper Capability statements shall provide a list of current or previous contract references and the efforts/tasks performed thereunder detailing and evidencing a direct correlation of the contract reference efforts/tasks to the enclosure (1) SSN SOW using the specific outline provided in Table A below. Submitter’s responses to the Table A SSN CLIN SOW outline shall include the following information per individual contract reference: Summary of relevant work performed and how that specific work demonstrates capability to perform the specific requirements identified in the enclosure (1) SSN SOW requirements; Current / Prior Contract Number(s) and Customer/Agency Supported; Identification of your role as the Prime or Subcontractor; Contract Type; Period of performance of the specific contract reference effort performed; Quantity of FTE personnel utilized on the specific contract reference effort, per annum, with distinction and FTE quantities identified between the respondents FTE employees and any subcontractor FTE employees; Net Dollar value (base and options) for each contract reference and the Annual Incurred costs for each contract reference provided which demonstrates the magnitude of those contract references in comparison to the annual estimated value cited in paragraph 9.2 above. NOTE: solely citing an IDIQ ceiling amount or base and all options aggregate value without the annual incurred costs for the submitted contract reference(s) is NOT acceptable – amounts must be specific to the actual incurred costs for a Contract CLIN(s) or Individual Task Order(s), for the contract reference(s) cited in Table A below; and Customer point of contact with valid phone number and email. TABLE A – SUMMARY OF RELEVANT & RECENT WORK EXPERIENCE SSN SOW CLIN Requirement Contract Reference(s) Summary – Document the specific correlation of the contract reference efforts/tasks to the enclosure (1) SSN SOW CLIN efforts/tasks 0001 Nuclear Weapons Surety Acquisition & Operations Branch Program Technical Support Paragraph 3 0002 Strategic Intelligence and Program Protection Branch Technical Management Support Paragraph 4 0003 Nuclear Weapons Security (NWS) Sea Launched Cruise Missile Nuclear (SLCM-N) Program Management Support Paragraph 5

10.0 Company Information and Deadline for Submittal White Paper Capability statements shall be submitted in Microsoft Word for Office 2000 compatible format or PDF format and are due no later than 14 April 2026, 4:00pm EST. The White Papers shall not exceed 10 pages in total, using 12-point Times New Roman and 1” margin and shall be submitted via e-mail to righthero.phillips@ssp.navy.mil. NOTE: The page count, font size, and margin requirements apply to the entire SSN response, to include any Cover Page, Attachments, Headers, Footers, etc. “excluding” the Company Administrative Information below. The Government is seeking detailed content and responses to the SSN requirements over any promotional details, pictures, etc. ALL White Paper Capability submittals shall include the following Company Administrative Information which is “NOT” included in the aforementioned maximum 10-page limit: Company Administrative Information Company Name: Company Point of Contact (email and phone) and Title: Company Address: Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) No: Cage Code: Size of business, including; total annual revenue, by year, for the past five years and number of employees; Ownership, including whether: small business, veteran-owned small business, service-disabled veteran-owned small business, HUBZone small business, small disadvantaged business, and women-owned small business concerns; Number of years in business; Identification of the current security clearance held at your facility that will provide support to the enclosure (1) SOW requirements. NOTE: Work to be performed under this contract shall require the contractor to have a facility clearance of TOP SECRET and a computing facility that is cleared to process SECRET data. Respondents to this SSN shall indicate which portions of their response are proprietary/business sensitive and should mark them accordingly. It is the responsibility of the SSN respondent to monitor the sam.gov website for additional information pertaining to any potential acquisition.

11.0 Government Assessment The White Paper Capability statement responses to this SSN must meet the requirements stated in the SSN and will be reviewed to determine whether each respondent is capable of performing the requirements. This review will be based solely on the specific data and supporting content provided by the respondents in their White Paper Capability statement submissions and responses to any follow on clarification inquires submitted by the Government. Incomplete or generalized White Paper Capability statements, without specificity as it relates to the SSN content requirements, omitted content, or content which fails to address all of the requirements of this SSN, will have a direct affect upon the Government’s assessment of the White Paper submittal. The Government’s assessment will include, but is not limited to, the following: The respondent’s specific and evidenced / demonstrated possession of the Minimum Qualifications / Experience requirements identified in paragraph 7.0; The respondent’s demonstrated ability to manage, as a Prime or Subcontractor, the types and magnitude of requirements identified in the enclosure (1) SSN SOW requirements based on their relevant and recent performance of same/similar efforts/tasks in terms of scope, size, and complexity. The respondent’s demonstrated technical ability, as a Prime or Subcontractor, to execute the enclosure (1) SSN SOW requirements based on their relevant and recent performance of same/similar efforts/tasks in terms of scope, size, and complexity. The respondent’s demonstrated capacity to execute the enclosure (1) SSN SOW requirements based on their relevant and recent performance of same/similar efforts in terms of scope, size, and complexity, the quantity of personnel required, and the contract award date.

12.0 SSN Disclaimer This SSN is issued solely for Market Research purposes. It does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) nor a promise to issue an RFP in the future. This SSN does not commit the Government to solicit or award a contract. The information provided in the SSN is subject to change and is not binding on the Government. Respondents are advised that ALL costs associated with responding to this SSN, including any requests for follow-up information, will be solely at the interested parties’ expense and the Government will not pay for any information or costs incurred or associated with submitting a SSN White Paper Capability statement or follow-on responses. The Government reserves the right to consider a set-aside for small businesses or one of the small business preference groups. (e.g., small business, service-disabled veteran-owned small business, 8(a), HUBZone small business, and women-owned small business programs).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Righthero Phillips
  - Email: righthero.phillips@ssp.navy.mil
  - Phone: (202)779-1869
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Robert Morse
  - Email: robert.morse@ssp.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2024513267

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bad5a39a2d384dbe8593d3f949c582d0/view)