---
layout: default
title: Furniture F20016 Conference RM
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 7e3b263262194db3ad58e7145eff4bba
---

# Furniture F20016 Conference RM

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-20 13:38:45.614-04
- Solicitation Number: FA860126Q0043

## Summary

Update as of 20 April Additional documents added to "Attachments/Links" tab, including a furniture plan and the solicitation document. ------------------------------------- Combined Synopsis/Solicitation AFLCMC/PZI Installation Contracting Support Wright Patterson AFB, OH 45323 Date: 16 April 2026 Title: Furniture F20016 RM 53 A6 Request for Quote (RFQ) / Solicitation Number: FA860126Q0043 Quotes Due: 4 May 2026 at 4:00 PM EST Contact Point(s): Nasir al-Din Rashid, Contract Specialist; nasir_al-din.rashid.1@us.af.mil Contact Point(s): Claire Hess, Contracting Officer; claire.hess@us.af.mil Description: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information, included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and an additional written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation is conducted as a commercial procurement using Simplified Acquisition Procedures (FAR Part 13). This notice is expected to result in award of a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract for a commercial commodity to the responsible offeror who submits a quotation that: (1) conforms to the requirements, (2) complies with the minimum requirements stated in the Statement of Work (SOW) as evidenced by providing a complete description of the equipment provided, and (3) that submits the quotation with the lowest price technically acceptable, provided that the price is determined to be fair and reasonable. The Government reserves the right to conduct interchanges with some, none, or all offerors, or make no award at all depending upon: 1) the quality of quotations received, and 2) whether proposed prices are determined to be fair and reasonable. This requirement shall include no set-asides under NAICS 337214 with a size standard of 1100 Employees. Requirement: All items listed below in accordance with Statement of Work (SOW) CLIN Supplies/Service Quantity Unit 0001 WS-1: 30" x 84" Workstation 1 Each 0002 T-1: 24" x 54" Mobile Fliptop Table 15 Each 0003 CH-1 Conference Chair 18 Each 0004 CH-2 Upholstered Seat Mesh Back Stack Chair 42 Each 0005 CH-2.1 Stack Chair Dolly (1 Dolly Stacks 18 Chairs 3 Each 0006 BCR-1 24” x 72” Buffet Credneza 1 Each 0007 Design 1 Each 0008 Freight, Receiving, Delivery, Installation 1 Each Period of Performance: The delivery is required within 120 days After Receipt of Order (ARO). Request for Information (RFIs): The Government will accept questions concerning solicitation number FA860126Q043 until 27 April 2026 at 4:00 PM EST. Email your questions on a .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx document to nasir_al-din.rashid.1@us.af.mil and claire.hess@us.af.mil. Any questions received after this date and time may not be considered. Quotes Due Date: Quotes must be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist via e-mail at nasir_al-din.rashid.1@us.af.mil and Contracting Officer at claire.hess@us.af.mil. Quotes must conform to the requirements of this solicitation and be received no later than 4 May 2026 at 4:00 PM EST. It is the responsibility of the offeror to ensure that the quote and its attachments are received. Any correspondence sent via e-mail must contain the subject line “FA860126Q0043, Furniture F20016 Conference RM” The entire quotation must be contained in a single e-mail that does not exceed 5 megabytes including attachments, if any. E-mails with compressed files are not permitted. Note that e-mail filters at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base are designed to filter e-mails without subject lines or with suspicious subject lines or contents (i.e., .exe or .zip files). Therefore, if the specified subject line is not included, the e-mail may not get through the e-mail filters. Also be advised that .zip or .exe files are not allowable attachments and may be deleted by the email filters at Wright-Patterson. If sending attachments with email, ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx documents are sent. The email filter may delete any other form of attachments. If a DoDSafe drop off is needed, please notify the contract specialist or contracting officer at least 48 hours before quotes are due. Any quotes received after designated closing date and time need not be considered. Quotes must include aggregate total of base plus all option year CLINS, if requested (IAW FAR 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options). All quotes shall be in whole dollars and conform to the Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) structure of attached solicitation. Notice to Vendor(s): The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. Period of Acceptance of Quotes: Offeror agrees to hold prices in its quote firm for 120 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. SAM Registration: Firms submitting a quote for the solicitation described herein, MUST be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database, or risk the quote as being non-responsive, regardless of the package being considered complete, timely or any other salient consideration. Information to register on SAM can be found at the web site, SAM.gov. Provisions and Clauses: See solicitation attachment for applicable provisions and clauses. Offerors shall complete and include in quotations all representations and certifications, as well as all fill-in provisions and clauses, contained within this solicitation. Additionally, quotations that contain pricing only with no description/detail of the equipment that will be provided will not be accepted or considered for award. List of Attachments: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Statement of Work Applicable Clauses 05a-ID- 1 F20016 Furniture Plan FA8601-26-Q-0043 Solicitation Document NOTE: There is a DWG file available for this effort. Due to the file type, we are unable to attach this file to the SAM.gov posting. If you would like a copy of the DWG file, please reach out to the POCs, nasir_al-din.rashid.1@us.af.mil and claire.hess@us.af.mil. PLEASE REVIEW & PROVIDE ALL INFORMATION BELOW: Shipping/transportation will be FOB: Destination Manufacturers End Product Country of Origin (Supplies Only):______________________ Payment Terms: ________________________ Delivery Date: ________________________ Company Name (as registered in SAM): ___________________________________________ UEI: _____________________________ CAGE: ____________________________________ POC: _________________________________ Telephone: _____________________________ E-Mail: ________________________________ Warranty Information: _________________________________________________________

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nasir Rashid
  - Email: nasir_al-din.rashid.1@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Claire Hess
  - Email: claire.hess@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: applicable provisions and clauses. Offerors shall complete and include in quotations all representations and certifications, as well as all fill-in provisions and clauses, contained within this solicitation. Additionally, quotations that contain pricing only with no description/detail of the equipment that will be provided will not be accepted or considered for award. List of Attachments: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Statement of Work Applicable Clauses 05a-ID- 1 F20016 Furniture Plan FA8601-26-Q-0043 Solicitation Document NOTE: There is a DWG file available for this effort. Due to the file type, we are unable to attach this file to the SAM.gov posting. If you would like a copy of the DWG file, please reach out to the POCs, nasir_al-din.rashid.1@us.af.mil and claire.hess@us.af.mil. PLEASE REVIEW & PROVIDE ALL INFORMATION BELOW: Shipping/transportation will be FOB: Destination Manufacturers End Product Country of Origin (Supplies Only):______________________ Payment Terms: ________________________ Delivery Date: ________________________ Company Name (as registered in SAM): ___________________________________________ UEI: _____________________________ CAGE: ____________________________________ POC: _________________________________ Telephone: _____________________________ E-Mail: ________________________________ Warranty Information: _________________________________________________________

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7e3b263262194db3ad58e7145eff4bba/view)