---
layout: default
title: Low-level Iodine-129 Analyses by Accelerator Mass
agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 942abc2907234e2d8a50565d93f8f535
---

# Low-level Iodine-129 Analyses by Accelerator Mass

- Agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 18:36:34.763-04
- Solicitation Number: 140G0326Q0032

## Summary

Combined Synopsis-Solicitation for Low-level Iodine-129 Analyses by Accelerator Mass Spectrometry (AMS) in Groundwater Samples This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in¿Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; firm, fixed-price quotes are being requested and a separate, written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01, dated March 13, 2026. Please see attachment for Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) provisions and clauses applicable to this solicitation, including any that are incorporated by reference, which may be viewed in full text at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far: FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation - Commercial Products and Services (NOV 2021) FAR 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (OCT 2024)(Deviation FEB 2025) FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (MAR 2026)(Deviation FEB 2025) All interested parties must be actively registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at the time of submitting a quote to be considered for an award of a federal contract. For information, review the SAM website at https://sam.gov/wage-determinations. The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) requires accelerator mass spectrometric (AMS) analysis for Iodine-129 in groundwater samples in accordance with the attached statement of work, provisions, and clauses. This requirement is subject to the Service Contract Labor Standards (also known as Service Contract Act) and wage determination is applicable according to location of performance. All services will be performed at the contractor's facility. This is an unrestricted opportunity; evaluation will be made according to the following Trade-Off factors: -Firm, fixed price -Technical capability - demonstrates understanding and ability to fully meet the requirement -Past performance - indicates how well the prospective contractor has performed prior, similar work -Past experience - indicates how often and how recent the prospective contractor has performed prior, similar work It is the responsibility of the prospective contractor to submit sufficient information to allow a meaningful evaluation regarding the factors above. Failure to do so may designate an offer as a non-response. FOB Destination: Idaho Falls, ID 83402 Estimated Period of Performance: April 1, 2026 - April 30, 2027 This requirement is subject to the availability of funds. If interested, please submit the following: 1. Firm, fixed price 2. Technical description of the service(s) being offered in sufficient detail, including product literature, references, and any other documents required for meaningful evaluation of trade-off factors above; include a description of your quality assurance/quality management process. 3. Signed, standard form (SF) 18 4. SAM Unique Entity Identification (UEI) number Please submit your price quote as a separate attachment from your technical quote. Failure to submit the information as requested above may designate an offer as a non-response. Quotations shall only be accepted by email to Joahnne_Ongjoco@ios.doi.gov no later than March 23, 2026 at 1130 hours Eastern Time. Hardcopy shall not be accepted nor considered. It is the responsibility of all interested parties to check back periodically for any amendments to the solicitation. All amendments must be signed and included when the quote is submitted.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ongjoco, Joahnne
  - Email: jongjoco@usgs.gov
  - Phone: 9162789328

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) provisions and clauses applicable to this solicitation, including any that are incorporated by reference, which may be viewed in full text at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far: FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation - Commercial Products and Services (NOV 2021) FAR 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (OCT 2024)(Deviation FEB 2025) FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (MAR 2026)(Deviation FEB 2025) All interested parties must be actively registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at the time of submitting a quote to be considered for an award of a federal contract. For information, review the SAM website at https://sam.gov/wage-determinations. The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) requires accelerator mass spectrometric (AMS) analysis for Iodine-129 in groundwater samples in accordance with the attached statement of work, provisions, and clauses. This requirement is subject to the Service Contract Labor Standards (also known as Service Contract Act) and wage determination is applicable according to location of performance. All services will be performed at the contractor"s facility. This is an unrestricted opportunity; evaluation will be made according to the following Trade-Off factors: -Firm, fixed price -Technical capability - demonstrates understanding and ability to fully meet the requirement -Past performance - indicates how well the prospective contractor has performed prior, similar work -Past experience - indicates how often and how recent the prospective contractor has performed prior, similar work It is the responsibility of the prospective contractor to submit sufficient information to allow a meaningful evaluation regarding the factors above. Failure to do so may designate an offer as a non-response. FOB Destination: Idaho Falls, ID 83402 Estimated Period of Performance: April 1, 2026 - April 30, 2027 This requirement is subject to the availability of funds. If interested, please submit the following: 1. Firm, fixed price 2. Technical description of the service(s) being offered in sufficient detail, including product literature, references, and any other documents required for meaningful evaluation of trade-off factors above; include a description of your quality assurance/quality management process. 3. Signed, standard form (SF) 18 4. SAM Unique Entity Identification (UEI) number Please submit your price quote as a separate attachment from your technical quote. Failure to submit the information as requested above may designate an offer as a non-response. Quotations shall only be accepted by email to Joahnne_Ongjoco@ios.doi.gov no later than March 23, 2026 at 1130 hours Eastern Time. Hardcopy shall not be accepted nor considered. It is the responsibility of all interested parties to check back periodically for any amendments to the solicitation. All amendments must be signed and included when the quote is submitted

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/942abc2907234e2d8a50565d93f8f535/view)