---
layout: default
title: Design-Build Maintenance and Repair of the General Stillwell Memorial Army Reserve Center (ARC) Training Building, Bldg. 1520
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 36c91f6c17ab49308e8a56ba434a918b
---

# Design-Build Maintenance and Repair of the General Stillwell Memorial Army Reserve Center (ARC) Training Building, Bldg. 1520

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 16:08:54.196-04
- Solicitation Number: W912QR-26-STILWELL

## Summary

The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Louisville District, is conducting a Market Survey to determine if there are a reasonable number of interested Small Business concerns to set this future project aside for them. If your firm is a Small Business, certified HUBZone, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Business, Veteran-Owned Small Business, or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business and you are interested in this project, please respond appropriately. PROJECT LOCATION: Fort Sam Houston (Joint Base San Antonio), Texas PROJECT TITLE: Design-Build Maintenance and Repair of the General Stillwell Memorial Army Reserve Center (ARC) Training Building, Bldg. 1520 PROJECT DESCRIPTION: Fort Sam Houston (Joint Base San Antonio) has a requirement for design and repair of the General Stilwell Memorial U.S. Army Reserve Center (ARC) Training Building (66,789 SF) located in Fort Sam Houston (Joint Base San Antonio), Texas. This project will eliminate identified deficiencies; extend the economic life of the facility by 25 Years. Building components and systems to be repaired include the roofing, heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC); electrical distribution; water distribution and fire alarm and suppression systems, ceilings, windows and doors, floor coverings, interior reconfiguration and interior and exterior finishes. Architecture: Project includes repair by replacement to existing failed or failing architectural components. Repair all walls, flooring and ceiling finishes. Repair doors, door frames, windows and all hardware. Current building standards and life safety repairs consistent with a major repair project is required. Mechanical: Repair fan coil units, associated dual temperature piping, condensate drain lines, thermostats, and controls. Electrical: Repair electrical panels, circuit breakers, conduit, conductors, receptacles, switches, and lights. Fire Alarm and sprinkler Systems: Repair sprinkler Systems, fire alarm system, Mass Notification Systems (MNS) and public address system. Security: Repair security systems. Plumbing: Repair all plumbing fixtures, sinks, vanities, commodes, urinals, urinal screens, toilet partitions, toilet accessories, and associated sanitary lines, vent lines, water lines and valves. Roofing: Repair failed low pitch roof with a metal roof and gutter systems. Structural: Building structural systems will be evaluated for strength. Implementation of Progressive Collapse in the design was not needed since there is not significant risk in accordance with UFC 4-010-01 - Paragraph 3-7, DoD Minimum. HAZMAT: If any Asbestos-Containing Material (ACM) is found, it will be abated as an integral part of the repair project in accordance with DA Pam 420-11 Para 2-1b. Site Work: Site work, within the 5-foot line, will be regraded to cause water to flow away from building, include storm water management features, repair by replacement sidewalls, fire-fighting apparatus access routing and landscaping. Exterior: Sealing the exterior with repointing and repair stone / concreate to reduce life cycle maintenance costs and meet the requirements of the Installation Design Guide. Demolition: The project will completely gut the existing building Interior. ATFP: Incorporate minimum anti-terrorism force protection (ATFP) measures. Communications: Repair telephone, data and Local Area Network (LAN) systems. This project shall comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act and demolished failing components will be removed and disposed properly. Contract duration is estimated at 926 calendar days from contract notice to proceed. The estimated cost range is between $25,000,000 and $100,000,000. NAICS code is 236220 – Commercial and Institutional Building Construction. All interested Small Businesses, certified HUBZONE, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Businesses, Veteran Owned Small Businesses, or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business contractors should respond to this survey via the link provided in this announcement by 24 March 2026 by 3:30 PM Eastern Daylight Time (EDT). Responses should include: Identification and verification of the company’s small business status. Contractor’s Unique Identifier Number (UEID) and CAGE Code. Information on the Contractor’s ability to be bonded showing current single and aggregate performance and payment bond limits. Descriptions of Experience – Interested firms must provide descriptions of no more than three (3) projects where the interested firm served as the Prime Contractor. If you are a Small Business, you may provide Past Performance of affiliates in accordance with DFARS 215.305(a)(2)(C). Submissions of Past Performance projects from affiliates shall include documentation of the affiliation to the offeror. To be relevant the projects submitted should be greater than 95% construction complete of a full building renovation or completed within the last 5 years from the date of responses to this Sources Sought that are similar to this project in scope and complexity. Demonstrate experience including self-performing 15% of the construction direct contract labor (including testing and layout personnel) exclusive of other general conditions or field overhead personnel, material, equipment, or subcontractors to be considered similar. Each project must include the name, title, project role, e-mail address, and telephone number of at least one reference. References may be used to verify project size, scope, dollar value, percentages, and quality of performance. Example projects must be of similar size and scope. a. Projects similar in scope to this project include fully facility restoration/complete building repair and renovation of buildings with two (2) or more floors above ground that are: (i) Army Reserve Centers (ARC) (ii) Armed Forces Training Centers (AFTC) (iii) Armed Forces Reserve Centers (AFRC) (iv) National Guard Armories (v) Federal Agency Office Buildings (vi) Military Headquarters Buildings (vii) Higher Education Facilities such as High Schools and University Buildings (not including dormitories, residence halls, living quarters, parking garages, gymnasiums, sports facilities, etc. Submitted projects must demonstrate experience with a complete building repair and renovation that are two (2) or more floors above ground to be considered similar in scope. Complete building renovation includes, but is not limited to experience with architectural, structural, mechanical, electrical, plumbing, data, fire protection and communication systems renovations. b. Projects similar in size to this project include: (i) Major construction projects of at least 45,000 SF of complete renovated building. c. Based on the information above, for each project submitted, include: (i) Current percentage of construction complete and the date when it was or will be completed. (ii) Size of the project (SF of renovated building) (iii) Scope of the project (specific trades, site work, utility connections, mechanical systems, electrical systems, HVAC commissioning, roof systems, HazMat/abatement, demolition, etc.) (iv) The dollar value of the construction contract and whether it was Design-Bid Build or Design-Build. (v) The portion and percentage of work that was self-performed. Describe the work your company self- performed. Must be at least 15% self-performed. (vi) Identify the number of subcontractors by construction trade utilized for each project. (vii) Provide two (2) references. 7. Small Businesses are reminded under Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO) clause 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (01 Feb 2026); they must perform at least 15% of the cost of the contract, not including the cost of materials, with the firm’s own employees for general construction-type procurement. Include the percentage of work that will be self-performed on this project, and how it will be accomplished. Submission Requirement: The only authorized transmission method of responses is via filling out the survey form. No other transmission method will be accepted. Please limit your capability statement to the space provided within the form. The Market Survey Form can be accessed at https://forms.osi.apps.mil/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=unZN_HzxUEy5p48xY9J1ggvffyVqsO1HpcOwGUr5sFdUOUk4Q09IWEY3TDhOWDRQVldBTjNRUUc4MC4u or via the QR Code provided below under the Attachments/Links section of this announcement. This is NOT a Request for Proposal and does not constitute any commitment by the Government. Responses to this Sources Sought notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. All interested sources must respond to future solicitation announcements separately for responses to this market survey. NOTICE: The following information is provided for situational awareness and is not required to respond to this Sources Sought. All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (www.SAM.gov) prior to award of a contract. All proposed contractors are highly encouraged to review FAR Clause 52.232-3- Payments by Electronic Funds Transfer – System for Award Management which indicates “All payments by the Government under this contract shall be made by electronic funds transfer (EFT).” Those not currently registered can obtain registration by going to the website https://www.SAM.gov. The process can usually be completed from 24 to 48 hours after submission. Contractors will need to obtain a Unique Entity Identifier for processing their registration. If you do not already have a Unique Entity Identifier, one can be obtained from https://www.SAM.gov. Please begin the registration process immediately to avoid delay of the contract award should your firm be selected. ALERT: You must submit a notarized letter appointing the authorized Entity Administrator before your registration will be activated. This requirement now applies to both new and existing entities. Effective 29 April 2018, the notarized letter process is now mandatory on all CURRENT registrants at SAM who have a requirement to update data on their SAM record. The notarized letter is mandatory and is required before the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) will activate the entity's registration. Effective 29 June 2018, vendors creating or updating their registration can have their registration activated prior to the approval of the required notarized letter. However, the signed copy of the notarized letter must be sent to the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) within 30 days of activation or the vendor risks no longer being active in SAM. Vendors can check whether an account is active by performing a query by their Unique Entity Identifier (known as DUNS). The new registration process may now take several weeks, so vendors are highly encouraged to begin registering as soon as possible to avoid any possible delays in future contract awards. Remember, there is no cost to use SAM. To find out additional information about the changes in the SAM registration process, contractors should visit the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) link located at the top of the SAM homepage (www.SAM.gov).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Christopher M. Jackson
  - Email: christopher.m.jackson@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Bonny Dylewski
  - Email: Bonny.C.Dylewski@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/36c91f6c17ab49308e8a56ba434a918b/view)