---
layout: default
title: N6600126R0001 - Cyberspace Science, Research, Engineering and Technology Integration Unrestricted Multiple Award Contract (MAC)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 2bb9f9cae8bb41eb945e6b81852fcb87
---

# N6600126R0001 - Cyberspace Science, Research, Engineering and Technology Integration Unrestricted Multiple Award Contract (MAC)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 17:49:29.724-04
- Solicitation Number: N6600126R0001

## Summary

UPDATE 10 MARCH 2026: Amendment 0001 adds FAR 52.249-14, SOW Revision dated 3-10-2026, and revisions to M-215-PAC001. A track changes version of the SOW is provided for reference. Also a Questions and Answers document is posted. ------------ UPDATE 17 FEBRUARY 2026: Solicitation posted. ------- 30 JANUARY 2026: Cyberspace Science, Research, Engineering and Technology Integration Unrestricted Multiple Award Contract (MAC). This is the presolicitation notice relates to the Sources Sought notice https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/63ddc13959584ad19ec3578fe726e77c/view that was issued 23 April 2025. The Sources Sought notice (https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/63ddc13959584ad19ec3578fe726e77c/view) is in an Inactive status when searching sam.gov. The Department of the Navy, Naval Information Warfare Center Pacific (NIWC Pacific) intends to issue solicitation No. N66001-26-R-0001 for professional and technical services to support Cyberspace Science, Research, Engineering, and Technology Integration. NIWC Pacific, as the principle Navy Research, Development, Test and Evaluation (RDTE) and Acquisition Center for Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (C4ISR) and Information Operations (IO) is responsible for functions that include: mission analysis, assessment and development of technology base, basic and applied research, demonstration of technology, engineering in support of production, support to operating forces; supporting doctrine, policy, and strategy development; and integration of numerous National and Tactical systems in the area of Cyberspace Operations. To meet these responsibilities, NIWC Pacific requires advice, assistance, coordination and products necessary to support operational planning, assessment, integration, execution and technology development to assure superiority for the warfighter in the cyberspace domain. The full scope of this requirement is anticipated to include: technology assessment, development and transition; requirements analysis; systems engineering; operational and technical support; exercise and experimentation support; software development and prototyping; hardware development and prototyping; modeling and simulation; training support; security engineering/cybersecurity. This is a follow-on requirement to a Multiple Award Contract (MAC) of the same title: Cyberspace Science, Research, Engineering and Technology Integration. The existing Unrestricted MAC was competed on an unrestricted (i.e., full and open) basis that covers the full scope of the requirement. A Small Business Set-Aside Cyberspace Science, Research, Engineering and Technology MAC (SBSA MAC) that covered a portion of the requirement was competed among small businesses only was awarded in 2017. The incumbent contract numbers for the Unrestricted MAC are N66001-19-D-3407 through -3415 and the incumbent contractors are BAE Systems Technology Solutions and Services Inc, Booz Allen Hamilton Inc., ICF Incorporated, LLC, Leidos Inc., Peraton Inc. (formerly Northrop Grumman Systems Corporation), Parsons Government Services Inc., Science Applications International Corporation, Scientific Research Corporation, and Peraton Technology Services Inc. (formerly Perspecta Engineering Inc.). The ordering period of the predecessor Unrestricted MAC ends 07 May 2026. The incumbent contract numbers for the Small Business MAC are N66001-17-D-0114 through -0117 and the incumbent contractors are Avanti Technologies Inc., Millennium Corporation, Sentar Inc., and Vector Planning and Services Inc. The ordering period of the predecessor SBSA MAC ended 07 March 2022.This follow-on procurement will be satisfied through two separate solicitations. One solicitation will cover the full scope of the requirement and will be competed on an unrestricted (i.e., full and open) basis. The second solicitation will cover a portion of the requirement and will be competed among small businesses only. N66001-26-R-0001 is strictly a follow-on for the Unrestricted MAC. The full scope of the requirement is described in the attached Draft SOW. Both large and small businesses can compete for the Unrestricted multiple award contract (MAC). The follow-on for the SBSA MAC will be solicited at a future date estimated in Q3 2026.NIWC Pacific does not intend to hold an industry for this requirement. This proposed acquisition has security requirements at the Top Secret level with incidental Secure Compartmented Information (SCI) access. NIWC Pacific intends on awarding multiple Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Cost Plus Fixed Fee (CPFF) type contracts. The prospective contracts will have a five-year base period with a two-year period. The estimated level of effort for the total Unrestricted requirement is 619,491 hours. The NAICS code for this procurement is 541330 with a size standard of $47 million. A Bidders Mailing List will not be established and hard copies of documents will not be provided. The solicitation will only be available electronically within the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website at https://piee.eb.mil, under Notice. Any amendments, when issued, will also be available only on this web site. Matters posted on the web site are not terms of the solicitation unless the solicitation is written or amended to include such matters. It is estimated that the solicitation will be released in February of 2026. FIRMS ARE ENCOURAGED TO REVIEW THE WEB SITE REGULARLY FOR UPDATED INFORMATION.PIEE Assistance: For PIEE technical issues, see the Vendor Customer Support resources at https://cac.piee.eb.mil/xhtml/auth/web/homepage/vendorCustomerSupport.xhtml.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David Roden
  - Email: david.m.roden2.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jacob Ward
  - Email: jacob.p.ward.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2bb9f9cae8bb41eb945e6b81852fcb87/view)