---
layout: default
title: 17--COUPLING,SHAFT,FLEX
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 291abafa5e6b49c292c499e4d1df5d9e
---

# 17--COUPLING,SHAFT,FLEX

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 07:45:17.775-04
- Solicitation Number: N0038326QLA41

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N792.15|2A2|NA|danielle.m.junod.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE OF SUPPLIES|26|x||||||||||||x|||||||||||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice and Receiving Report Combo|Source|TBD|N00383|TBD|TBD|See schedule|TBD||||||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| LIMITATIONS ON PASS-THROUGH CHARGES (JUN 2020)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM (FEB 2024)|1|| ROYALTY INFORMATION (APR 1984)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND 2025-O0004))|12|336413|1250||||||||||| FACSIMILE PROPOSALS (OCT 1997)|1|| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, ANDENERGY PROGRAM USE (APR 2008))|2||DO-A1A| The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation to 22 April 2026 and to add competitive and commercial remarks. NAVSUP WSS has been granted a class deviation (CL-00-203) that permits us to use the award forms currently available in our automated procurement system instead of the SF 1449 when conducting procurements for commercial items. This procurement is being conducted in accordance with FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products. Information appearing on the face of the DD Form 1155 or SF 26 that conflicts with clauses or provisions contained elsewhere in this solicitation shall be disregarded. Addendum to FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products Under paragraph(a) "Inspection and Acceptance" add the following: 1. FAR Clause 52.246-2 Inspection of Supplies-Fixed Price applies as amended herein. All product audits performed at the discretion of the DCMA QAR shall be conducted by witnessing contractor inspections or tests on a non-interference basis. 2. The contractor shall maintain a quality system that addresses the elements of ISO9001-2000/AS9100B, Quality System Model for Quality Assurance in Design/Development, Production, Installation and Servicing, and a calibration system that addresses the elements of ISO-10012-1, ANSI/NCSL Z540 or an equivalent program approved by the Navy. 3. The government reserves the right to assess the contractor's compliance to its documented quality system throughout the performance of this contract. The quality system procedures, planning, and all other documentation, media, and data which comprise the quality system shall be made available to the government for their review and use. The acceptance of non-conforming supplies is a prerogative of and shall be as prescribed by the government. The government reserves the right to disapprove the quality system or portions there of when it fails to meet its intended objectives. 4. The Contractor shall not make any configuration changes, engineering changes or part number changes to the contract/purchase order items, including, but not limited to, the item's hardware, software or firmware, unless approved by the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO). In addition, approval by the appropriate technical authority may also be required. Guidance on how to submit a proposed engineering or part number change may be obtained from the PCO. 5. The Contractor shall not manufacture any item for acceptance by the Government that incorporates a known departure from technical or contractual requirements unless a request for a deviation has been approved. Authorized deviations are a temporary departure from the requirements only and do not authorize a change to the item's configuration baseline. Any deviation, major or minor, must be approved by the PCO prior to acceptance. This solicitation will be using competitive procedures. This solicitation is for made new manufacture spare parts. This item can only be procured form the suppliers who provide FAA-certified parts accompanied by an FAA Authorized Release Certificate (FAA Form 8130-3 Airworthiness Approval Tag) issues by certified repair stations pursuant to 14 CFR Part 14. This requirement will be evaluated and awarded to the offeror based on the following evaluation criteria: lead time, price, past performance and capacity. Please include in your quote unit price, extended price, lead time and quote expiration date. The closing date for this solicitation is listed on page 1. The quotes may be e-mailed to the below address and must be received on or before 2:00 PM EST of the closing date. The offeror shall submit one unit price per CLIN and the unit price should be firm fixed price. Tiered pricing will not be accepted or evaluated. Source Approval Statement applies to this NSN. This is a limited competition. Any firm which is not already approved to manufacture this material must submit a Source Approval Request, SAR. This procurement will not be delayed to wait for a SAR approval. For information or questions regarding this notice, please contact Danielle Junod at the email address: danielle.m.junod.civ@us.navy.mil. NAVSUP WSS Requests proposals submitted in response to this solicitation remain valid for a minimum of 120 days following submission. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be ?issued? by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as e-mail. The Government?s acceptance of the contractor?s proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to issue contractual documents as detailed herein. \ The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation date to 16 March 2026. \ This solicitation is for made new manufacture spare parts. This is a sole source requirement. The Government physically does not have in its possession sufficient, accurate, or legible data to contract with other than the current source. These items require Government Source Approval prior to award. If you are not an approved source, you must submit, together with your proposal, the information detailed in the NAVSUP WSS Source Approval Brochure which can be obtained on the internet at h https://www.navsup.navy.mil/public/navsup/wss/business_opps/. Offers received which fail to provide all data required by the source approval brochure will not be considered for award under this solicitation. For information or questions regarding this notice, please contact Danielle Junod at the email address: danielle.m.junod.civ@us.navy.mil NAVSUP WSS Requests proposals submitted in response to this solicitation remain valid for a minimum of 120 days following submission. All contractual documents related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. \

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2156971138
  - Email: DANIELLE.M.JUNOD.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/291abafa5e6b49c292c499e4d1df5d9e/view)