---
layout: default
title: Fy26 Youth Sports officials and Scorekeepers
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: c56788204f664994a1641c4a2167458e
---

# Fy26 Youth Sports officials and Scorekeepers

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-03 21:39:09.657-04
- Solicitation Number: FA500025Q5000

## Summary

** Amendment 003** The purpose of this amendment is to extend the "offers due by" date by 7 days from 3 April 2026 at 4:30PM AKDT to 10 April 2026 at 5:00PM AKDT. This extension is to give vendors enough time to revise their proposals becuase many documents we're revised as a result of the questions we recived from vendors. The following documents have been revised: the statement of work; the pricing schedule; and the combo. The questions and answers for this solicitation have been posted and the period of perfromance for the base year has been changed from 1 April 2026 to 26 April 2026, this change is to give the prospective awardee enough room to recruit and to touch base with the government POC for this requirement. Please sumbit all revised proposals to A1C Rex edades at rex.edades@us.af.mil and SrA brian Gitau at Brian.gitau@us.af.mil. **Amednment 003 End** ** Amendment 002 ** The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation 11 days from 23 March 2026 at 9:30AM AKDT to 3 April 2026 at 4:30 AKDT. The purpose of this amendment is to give more time for the governmnet to answer, adress, and post questions asked by contractors. As of right now no other changes have been made but be on the lookout for another amendment to post the question and answers document. All other terms and conditions remain the same. **Amendment 002 End** **Amendment 001** The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation 5 days from 18 March 2026 at 9:30 AM AKST to 23 March 2026 at 9:30 AM AKDT. Questions are also extended 8 days from 9 March 2026 9:30 AM AKST to 17 March 2026 at 9:30 AM AKDT. As a result of the ammendment, the COMBO attachment has been edited to match the new dates. All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain the same. **Amendment 001 End** The contractor shall provide the expertise and management necessary to conduct officiating services for a youth military sports program in support of the 773d Force Support Squadron Youth Program, Youth Programs, JBER, Alaska.The contractor shall provide personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision, and other items and services necessary to perform sports officiating and scorekeeping as defined in the Statement of Work (SOW). The contractor shall perform to the standards of the contract. The successful contractor will be selected using Tradeoff procedures, resulting in the best value to the Government. The Government reserves the right to award a contract to an offeror other than the one with the lowest price. Factors being utilized to evaluate offerors, in order of relative importance (1 being the most important and 3 being the least important) are: 1. Technical Acceptability - Contractors Shall Submit Technical approach in accordance with Statement of Work (DO NOT restate the SOW this is not acceptable), Technical approaches shall be evaluated by subject matter experts to determine contractor understanding of the requirements set forth in the statement of work. 2. Past Performance - Contractors shall send past performance questionnaires to previous contracting officers/contracting offices and notify them to submit a filled-out copy to solicitation POC's. 3.Price - Contractors shall fully fill out attachment 1 - price schedule with their proposal and submit filled out copy along with filled out combo to solicitation POC's. 4.Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). Quotes shall be submitted via email to the following addresses: alexander.tate@us.af.mil or brian.gitau@us.af.mil no later than March 18, 2026 at 9:30 AM AST in order to be considered timely. Questions are due no later than March 9, 2026 at 9:30 AM AST. The Government is not obligated to answer any questions submitted after the deadline. It is the vendors responsibility to monitor the solicitation posted herein for amendments issued in reference to this requirement. Any potential amendments will be posted in the same fashion as the solicitation. All Contractors who provide goods/services to the DoD must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Failure to comply with SAM registration will deem the Offeror ineligible for award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Rex Edades
  - Email: rex.edades@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 9075525446
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Gitau
  - Email: brian.gitau@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 9075525448

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: been edited to match the new dates. All other terms and conditions of this solicitation remain the same. **Amendment 001 End** The contractor shall provide the expertise and management necessary to conduct officiating services for a youth military sports program in support of the 773d Force Support Squadron Youth Program, Youth Programs, JBER, Alaska.The contractor shall provide personnel, equipment, tools, materials, supervision, and other items and services necessary to perform sports officiating and scorekeeping as defined in the Statement of Work (SOW). The contractor shall perform to the standards of the contract. The successful contractor will be selected using Tradeoff procedures, resulting in the best value to the Government. The Government reserves the right to award a contract to an offeror other than the one with the lowest price. Factors being utilized to evaluate offerors, in order of relative importance (1 being the most important and 3 being the least important) are: 1. Technical Acceptability - Contractors Shall Submit Technical approach in accordance with Statement of Work (DO NOT restate the SOW this is not acceptable), Technical approaches shall be evaluated by subject matter experts to determine contractor understanding of the requirements set forth in the statement of work. 2. Past Performance - Contractors shall send past performance questionnaires to previous contracting officers/contracting offices and notify them to submit a filled-out copy to solicitation POC"s. 3.Price - Contractors shall fully fill out attachment 1 - price schedule with their proposal and submit filled out copy along with filled out combo to solicitation POC"s. 4.Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). Quotes shall be submitted via email to the following addresses: alexander.tate@us.af.mil or brian.gitau@us.af.mil no later than March 18, 2026 at 9:30 AM AST in order to be considered timely. Questions are due no later than March 9, 2026 at 9:30 AM AST. The Government is not obligated to answer any questions submitted after the deadline. It is the vendors responsibility to monitor the solicitation posted herein for amendments issued in reference to this requirement. Any potential amendments will be posted in the same fashion as the solicitation. All Contractors who provide goods/services to the DoD must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Failure to comply with SAM registration will deem the Offeror ineligible for award

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c56788204f664994a1641c4a2167458e/view)