---
layout: default
title: C1NZ--659-26-700 | AE Replace Steam and Condensate Piping | Salisbury VAMC
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: c7763e471e5e47e4aec953d2009a8176
---

# C1NZ--659-26-700 | AE Replace Steam and Condensate Piping | Salisbury VAMC

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 12:39:43.519-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C24626R0032
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This request for A-E firm qualifications packages is 100% set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns under VAAR 852.219-73, VA Notice of Total Set-Aside for Certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (Jan 2023) (Deviation) THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. THIS IS A REQUEST FOR SF 330'S ARCHITECT- ENGINEER QUALIFICATION PACKAGES ONLY. PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT FOR PROCUREMENT OF ARCHITECT-ENGINEERING (A-E) SERVICES: This is a request for Standard Form 330, Architect-Engineer Qualifications only. A-E Services are being procured in accordance with the Selection of Architects and Engineers Statute (Public Law 92-582), formerly known as the Brooks Act, and implemented in the Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO FAR) subpart 36.102. All submissions will be evaluated in accordance with the selection criteria included in this notice. The Government will not pay, nor reimburse, any costs associated with responding to this request. The Government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. Firms will be selected based on demonstrated competence and qualifications for the required work. Any resulting award for the proposed A-E services will be procured under a negotiated Firm-Fixed Price contract. At the time the Request for Proposal is issued, all offerors must adhere to VAAR 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting --Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction. (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) GENERAL INFORMATION: The Department of Veterans Affairs, W.G. Hefner Veterans Administration Medical Center in Salisbury, North Carolina, is seeking sources and intends to award a firm fixed-price contract for Architect-Engineering (A-E) firm to provide Schematics, Design Development, Construction Documents, Technical Specifications, Construction Period Services, Site Visits, Cost Estimates, As-Built Documentation, and all other related information for Project # 659-26-700, Replace Steam and Condensate Piping located at 1601 Brenner Ave, Salisbury, North Carolina 28144. The A-E Services listed herein is being procured in accordance with RFO FAR 36.102, RFO FAR 36.202, and VAAR 836.6. Potential contractors must be registered in SAM (www.sam.gov) and visible/certified in the SBA Certification database at the time of proposal in order to be considered for an award. As a prospective offeror for this Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) set aside, you are verifying your company meets the status requirements of a SDVOSB concern as established by VAAR 852.219-73. The W.G. (Bill) Hefner Salisbury VA Medical Center is a working facility and phasing plans for minimizing downtime, and provisions for continuation of service during outages is critical to this project. Point of Contact: Sean Cosby, Contracting Officer Email: Sean.Cosby@va.gov PROJECT INFORMATION: Project No. 659-26-700 Project Title: A-E: Replace Steam and Condensate Piping W.G. Hefner VAMC 1601 Brenner Ave Salisbury, NC 28144 The NAICS Code for this procurement is 541330, Engineering Services, and the applicable Small Business Size Standard is $25.5 million annual revenue. The projected award date for the anticipated A-E contract is on or before September 23, 2026. The NAICS code for the anticipated Construction project is projected to be 236220 and magnitude of construction is predicted to be between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. The anticipated award date of the construction phase of the project is to be determined (TBD). An Architect & Engineer (A-E) contract will be negotiated for the development of complete construction documents which include working drawings, specifications, reports, and construction period services. The A-E will be given written information; participate in project planning meetings, pre-proposal meeting, and pre-construction meeting as required; communicate with VA personnel via telephone or e-mail; and is expected to coordinate so that the final documents include all requirements in accordance with industry standard practices, VA standards, VA design manuals, and review comments. STATEMENT OF TASK/SCOPE OF WORK: PART A SCOPE OF WORK Architect-Engineer (A/E) Services shall include: Provide Professional Architect/Engineer (A/E) and healthcare planning services to include but not limited to: Site investigation architectural, structural, electrical, plumbing, and mechanical including HVAC and control replacement, electrical, and site modifications. Prior request for notice to inspect must be coordinated and scheduled for times and dates. Connections to existing utilities must be fully investigated to ensure that the existing utilities can support the load of the new connection during design. Contract drawings and specifications for construction. Cost Estimates that include attention to phasing and ICRA as well as all other items associated with design. Construction period services - review of submissions, provide recommendations and estimates regarding contractor change proposals, visit site per VA's request and add to drawings as-built conditions from contractor's record drawings; A/E will respond within a twenty-four (24) hour period when requested. Provide File Transfer system for use throughout duration of project. Site must be in place within 30 days of contract award. Site must remain open until final construction contract is complete. This site is intended for AE, VA, and contractor use. The site must be compatible to transfer large files of types of AutoCAD current, all Microsoft Office current programs (Word, Excel, Project), and pdf files. Site must meet VA OIT rules when transferring the files which will provide encryption during the transfer. Note: Due to requirements of certain construction submittals (i.e. finishes, profiles, shop drawings, etc.), these must be delivered to COR. Any hand delivered submittals must also have a backup copy of the cover sheet on A/E FT Site. A/E FT site must be secure (password protected), user friendly for uploading and downloading of files, and organized for easy file retrieval by the VA COR, Contracting Officer (CO), and contractors. Site must be organized with folders indicating each level of submission as outlined in this scope of work and corresponding required files. Must also submit hard copies to the VA for Design Review Drawings, Specifications, and Construction Documents. Comply with VHA Safety & Fire Protection Program to have drawings and specification submittals reviewed by VA at 65% and 95% submissions. Review based on VA standards, codes and regulations. Provide responses back to the VA fire review comments to verify that the comments have been reflected in the project drawings. Bid documents will be re-reviewed to ensure compliance with VA fire review comments. Items that have not been picked up with require changes to the Bid Documents until all review items have been addressed. Comply with VA Green Energy Management System (GEMS) program as per specifications. Comply with VA Design Manuals/Guides, FGI Guidelines, ISO codes, and applicable codes as outlined in the VA Design Guides (most recent versions of all the codes) Infection Control Risk Assessment: The AE shall work with the VA Infection Prevention and Control staff to determine required infection risk assessment levels and shall incorporate VA IPC recommendations into project ICRA drawings. Project scheduling and phasing. Phasing drawings shall also have provisions for safety and fire protection measures to be taken during construction. These measures are to be fully developed through coordination with VA Safety Department. Project Scope: General: This project will consist of the investigation and replacement of steam and condensate piping, convectors, and traps in Bldgs 2, 3, 4, 6, and 11. Specifics: Bldg 2 Investigate/replace the main steam controls in the basement mechanical room Bldg 3 Remove the convectors on floors 1 and 2 and cap the steam lines back to the risers Replace the 2 pipe fan coil units with 4 pipe fan coil units, approximately 120 Install hydronic heating from the risers, down the main hallway, and tie into the new FCU s Replace the steam tree in the basement and steam pipe back to the outside manhole. See attached picture of existing on page 33. Bldg 4 Investigate/replace the main steam controls in the basement mechanical room Investigate steam cross connections throughout the building. The facility is having a hard time regulating the temperature in this building Replace the steam tree in the basement and steam pipe back to the outside manhole. See attached picture of existing on page 34. Bldg 6 Replace the steam line to Bldg 31 Bldg 11 Replace the steam tree in the basement and steam pipe back to the outside manhole. See attached picture of existing on page 35. All design will be done according to VA specifications, Design guides, Infection Control guidelines and all applicable codes. The design will be structured so as to require minimum interruption of space function during construction. All work shall meet NFPA / Life Safety Code and comply with all applicable building codes. The work will also comply with all Energy Standards as noted at the end of this document and attached summary PDF VISN6 Energy and Water Requirements for Projects . This will include all Architectural, Structural, Electrical and Mechanical engineering associated with this project. Provide VA Form 10-6298 AE Fee Proposal for this solicitation. Facility design must meet VA TIL requirements first and foremost, followed by requirements laid out in the most recent edition of the FGI guidelines and NFPA. Attend design review meetings and make all necessary site visits during design to gather information necessary from the existing sites, building plans, utility plans, etc. to provide a complete assessment of the proposed work. A thorough as-built review shall be conducted of the existing site conditions to complete a full detailed set of documents. Assess the intent and scope of this project and work with the Medical Center staff to develop a final design and cost estimate to best suit the needs and constraints of the government, while incorporating VAMC Salisbury Engineering/Facilities Management Service, Safety and Contracting Officer comments into the final design package. Field verification of existing space and existing utilities servicing the renovated space. Evaluation and design modifications to the existing electrical distribution system servicing the renovated space to provide sufficient power to all new lighting and equipment in the scope of work. Electrical engineers shall perform full survey of all impacted spaces/loads to document existing electrical items and their locations in each space to ensure coordination with architectural scope, future mechanical chases, if required, as well as ceiling renovations and replacements so that no electrical item is missed during construction. Note obsolete items and sensors located within design area and coordinate with the VA to see if the items should be removed. Electrical engineer shall also be responsible for coordination of existing electrical items located above the ceiling with the new design ductwork routes, and for identifying those conduits, cable tray, junction boxes, etc. that require relocation both on drawings for the contractor and to the VA for advance coordination of outages. Evaluation and design modifications to the existing Plumbing, Medical Gas, and Fire protection systems servicing the renovated space to provide sufficient water supply and drain lines to all new plumbing fixtures and equipment in the area, as required to accommodate the new scope of work (sanitary drains from roof, modifications to floor drains, make up water or drain coolers as required, etc.). Provide new sprinkler heads in areas within the modifications to existing space layouts to accommodate new layouts where heads are at the end of their service life. Note that sprinkler heads will require modification to maintain accordance with NFPA, especially if new ductwork is over 4 feet wide inside the mechanical room, or if stacked air handling units are provided. Plumbing and fire protection engineer shall also be responsible for coordination of existing plumbing and fire protection items located above the ceiling with the new design ductwork routes, and for identifying those pipes, valves, and other appurtenances that require relocation both on drawings for the contractor and to the VA for advance coordination of outages. Valve and other maintenance access shall not be obstructed by new HVAC installation. If this condition is encountered, the plumbing and fire protection engineer shall provide design documentation for relocation of the associated items. Evaluation and design modifications to the existing structure servicing the locations of new / relocated equipment associated with the scope of work for this project to allow for safe installation of new permanent and temporary HVAC equipment as required for completion of the scope of work. Architectural evaluation and design modifications for all spaces associated with the work as required to accommodate changes necessary for the scope of work. Expected: new ceilings where ceilings must be removed to complete the scope of work, new lighting where ceilings must be removed to complete the scope of work, modifications to existing and new chases as required to accommodate the new scope of work, and modifications to existing door closers / door operators if evaluation during design requires a more automated door opener approach. Architectural coordination with all trades is required to create a seamless, high-quality project / built environment. Also required by architect: provisions for detailed phasing drawings and ICRA planning for each phase. Note that ICRA planning will require topping off existing walls where walls around each phase do not go to deck. Walls, temporary or existing must be floor to deck. The architect shall identify those spaces were topping off of walls is required on the construction drawings, as well as document that the contractor is responsible for 1 hour rated full height walls around each construction phase. Design for all new interior finishes that are required to accommodate the scope of work (room modifications paint, patch, floor base; new ceilings; ceiling access panels; etc.), as well as the small architectural modifications laid out in this scope of work. Project completion of construction documents, including final design, contract drawings, specifications, and cost estimate is to be 243 calendar days or 8 months from contract award. Project must remain within the approved project scope, time frame, and estimated base construction cost or the project will be canceled and require re-submittal and competition process. Planning must include in the project a total of 20% of deductive bid alternate that will need to be identified and incorporated as part of the bidding documents. Magnitude of Construction $5,000,000 to $10,000,000. Recommend bid alternatives as necessary to meet the budget limitations if the project becomes over budget. Note: the AE shall be fully responsible for providing a complete and functional design to the VA within noted budget limitations. Bid alternates will be required to the amount of 20% of the project budget, but bid alternates are not to be used to bring the overall scope within budget. The base bid shall be in budget and bid deduct alternates shall be supplied to the VA to reduce the budget by 20% from the base bid (max budget) price. Construction will be addressed in phases to allow operations to continue during construction to the extent possible. Phasing will be incorporated as part of the schematic design options presented during the SD submission, due to the high probable cost of the phasing and its impact upon final system design option selections. Phasing must work within budget and allow the VA to continue operations at minimal interference. Attend pre-bid job walk and provide all engineering responses to questions asked by potential bidders and issue an addendum, if necessary. Provide expeditious engineering responses to all design/conflict questions encountered during the construction term. Provide construction period services to review all shop drawings and submittals prior to sending to the VA for final approval. Provide construction period site visits to review progress of construction activities and milestones during construction. Provide final Record Drawings (pdf and AutoCAD) which will be developed based on construction period site visits, RFI s, submittal responses, and As-Built drawings from the contractor within 30 calendar days after completion of construction. All designs shall be accomplished in accordance with VA guidelines and specifications, which are available on the Internet at http://www.cfm.va.gov/TIL/ A/E shall pay particular attention to all current NFPA, NEC, ICC, and All Design Manuals and Guides as it pertains to this project. Referenced Drawings All designs shall verify and coordinate the referenced drawings in aspects for this construction project. Drawings are noted below: Bldg 2 B2 Grnd Flr South H &V B2 Grnd- 1st Flr North H & V Bldg 3 B3 VA44-32-14-P1 B3 H & V As Built 1949 Drawings Bldg 4 Building 4 Grnd Flr H & V B4 Grnd Flr Plumbing Bldg 6 to 31 1965 -As-built-Steam Distribution_A Bldg 11 11H1 11-H1 Site Investigation EXPECTATION: A/E will make site visits as necessary to survey existing conditions. Minimum of two visits are required. Make site visits as required to determine existing as-built conditions affecting this project. Note: Information including drawings and other documentation provided to the A/E is used as reference only. The AE is expected to perform their own site survey to field verify accuracy of existing drawings and to locate any additional utilities / obstructions in a given area to provide quality new project drawings. All additional references and specifications are available in VHA s Technical Information Library at address http://www.cfm.va.gov/TIL/. Electronic AutoCAD background drawings will be provided by the VA upon request. A/E shall field verify every aspect that relates to the project. The A/E shall field verify all dimensions and utility connections. AE shall take precautions during field surveys to comply with all ICRA requirements. Coordinate site visits with the COR as determined after award. Drawings produced by the AE shall account for obstructions in the path of new utilities, relocation of existing utilities as required to accommodate new work, relocation of existing utilities if the architecture team deems it necessary to relocate an existing chase or shaft, and architectural accommodates as required for new / existing utilities (ie access panels for new and existing utilities shall be covered under specification noted as needed . If utility work is required above a hard / drywall ceiling, architectural drawings shall reflect the need to remove and replace the existing ceiling unless the ceiling in question is a walkable plaster ceiling and include requirements for associated ICRA.). All utility tie in points shall be well researched and clearly shown. Utility tie in points showing a general direction and indicated as tie into existing ________ system in room _______ will not be allowed. The A/E shall arrange for and oversee the performance of topographic surveys, test borings, test pits, soil tests, subsurface exploration and other such investigations as he/she determines are required for the proper design of the project. Design Review Schedule EXPECTATION: Submit review package so they are received on the noted day. SUBMISSIONS: Submit review packages so they are received on the noted day (calendar days after NTP) or earlier: Initial PDT Meeting 0 days Design Development Documents (15%) 36 days (PDT Meeting) 41 days Design Development Documents (35%) 81 days (PDT Meeting) 91 days Design Development Documents 65%) 131 days (PDT Meeting) 151 days Design Development Documents 95%) 191 days (PDT Meeting) 211 days Design Development Documents 100%) 231 days (PDT Meeting) 236 days Final Construction Bid Documents 240 days (PDT Meeting) 243 days (3 Sets of Drawings and Specifications) Note: The issue of the Notice to Proceed (NTP) may be combined with the first Project Design Team (PDT) Meeting. A/E will be required to attend and take minutes of each PDT meeting. Minutes will be submitted electronically via e-mail to the COR and Contracting Officer within three calendar days of each meeting. All new construction shall be designed to achieve an energy consumption level that is at least 30% below the level achieved under ASHRAE Standard 90.1-2010, if life-cycle cost effective. Use Appendix G of ASHRAE Standard 90.1-2010 to document the energy savings. Should the 30% reduction in energy consumption prove not to be life-cycle cost effective, then the A/E shall evaluate alternative designs at 5% successive decrements in order to identify the most energy-efficient design that is life-cycle cost effective. The following parameters shall be used for performing the analysis: 20 year life-cycle period for system comparisons Use Public domain programs such as TRACE, E-CUBE, Carrier E20-II, etc. 7% Discount Factor Neither include taxes, nor insurance while computing cost. Major & Minor Renovations and Major Equipment Replacements: For Major Renovations: Shall include any renovation where an entire area is gutted and rebuilt. Any replacement of central HVAC equipment or changes in air distribution shall be considered a Major Renovation. Reduce the energy cost budget by 20% below pre-renovations 2020 baseline. A/E shall estimate 2020 baseline energy consumption before the renovation and compare it to the proposed design after the renovation and document the 20% savings. The primary unit for energy budget reporting is the British Thermal Unit (BTU) per square foot of the area to be renovated. A/E shall develop the energy budget as required in ASHRAE 90.1-2010, Appendix G, using the same parameters outlined above for new construction. For Minor Renovations: Shall be defined as a small portion of a building, where only architectural treatments or simple equipment replacement is planned. The renovation will have little to no impact on the central HVAC System, or energy use within the renovated area. Any part of the renovation which impacts energy consumption shall be designed with the mandate to reduce energy consumption. For example, if exterior walls are part of the project, then their R-Value shall be increased. If lighting fixtures are to be replaced, then they shall be replaced with the most energy efficient fixture that is cost effective (20 year life). Renewable Energy Resources: For any work, renewable (geothermal, heat recovery, wind, PV solar, solar hot water, etc.) shall be evaluated for life-cycle cost effectiveness. Design Requirements / Submissions EXPECTATIONS: Submit complete review package in accordance with the following requirements and guidelines outlined in https://www.cfm.va.gov/til/aeDesSubReq.asp PG 18-15 Volume C Document Please pay specific attention to the schematic, design and construction submission requirements. Deliver all design packages electronically and hardcopies to the Project Manager on the established dates to allow the VA Project Development Teams to meet as scheduled. A transmittal letter and check lists is required to be emailed to the Contracting Officer and the project manager on the same day as delivery. Include all information as follows and as outlined in the attachments for each submission. Information required for each submittal is outlined in Program Guide PG-18-15 Volume C. The manual is at the following address: https://www.cfm.va.gov/til/aeDesSubReq.asp Design Development 15%: See Attachment - A, 15% Submission Requirements Requirements for the 15% Schematics Development Documents Submission. Address all comments from the Initial PDT Meeting and site visits. Provide spreadsheet of VA review comments and their completion status. Design Development 35%: See Attachment - A, 35% Submission Requirements Requirements for the 35% Design Development Documents Submission. Address all comments from the Schematic 15% Submission review. Provide spreadsheet of VA review comments and their completion status.. Design Development 65%: See Attachment - A, 65% Submission Requirements Requirements for the 35% Design Development Documents Submission. Address all comments from the Schematic 35% Submission review. Provide spreadsheet of VA review comments and their completion status. Provide spreadsheet response to VA Fire review comments and their completion status. Construction Documents 95%: See Attachment - A, 95% Submission Requirements Requirements for the 95% Design Development Documents Submission. Address all comments from the 65% review. Provide spreadsheet of VA review comments and their completion status. Provide spreadsheet response to VA Fire review comments and their completion status. Provide Design finishes, required submittals. Consolidate all necessary submittals by specification section on an Excel spreadsheet. Checklist to be utilized to track/monitor submittal process. Construction Documents 100%: See Attachment - A, 100% Submission Requirements Requirements for the 100% Design Development Documents Submission. Address all comments from the 95% review. Provide spreadsheet of VA review comments and their completion status. Provide spreadsheet response to VA Fire review comments and their completion status. Finalize cost estimate. Final Construction Documents Submission (CD): See Attachment B Provide spreadsheet of VA review comments and their completion status. Provide spreadsheet response to VA Fire review comments and their completion status. Submit a complete document of all contract requirements for approval signatures. Continue to update and submit until approved. As-Built Drawings: See Attachment E Submit a complete document of all as-built drawings for VA review and approval. Continue to update and submit until approved. Update the record drawings for both campuses, associated floors to include all renovations for this project. Final submitted record drawings should be incorporated into most current floor plan submitted by VA at close of documents. Construction Period Services Expectations: Respond to submittals requests in fifteen (15) calendar days. Provide services: Assist the VA to determine whether the contractor or subcontractor meets qualification requirements, support by written recommendations of any problems or litigation encountered in past based on first-hand knowledge. The AE shall call into weekly construction meetings with the VA. Review all submissions and provide recommendations to the VA within fifteen (15) calendar days or (5) calendar days upon request. Review and provide replies to contractors generated RFIs when required by the project manager within (5) Calendar days. Review and provide recommendations to contractors generated RFPs and cost estimates within ten (10) calendar days. Make ten (10) site visits at a minimum on the requests of the VA and prepare written reports to include agreed upon changes in design as determined necessary during the construction. Visits made based on errors and omissions in design will be at no cost to the VA. Participate in partial/final acceptance inspections as scheduled and generate punch list items for completion. The punch list shall reference the contract documents for specific deficiencies (i.e. specification section, drawing detail, etc.) Prepare as-built drawings on original set with A/E s stamp, based on record drawings that the contractor kept during construction and with correspondence performed during construction. Transpose contractor s as-builts to AutoCAD 2025 file type and provide a set of updated as-builts and specifications on CD and on A/E FTP site within 30 days to the COR. These should be posted on A/E FTP site for VA retrieval. Attachment A SITE DEVELOPMENT: Submit the following: Site Development: Schematics* DD** CD*** Narrative Analysis of site Circulation study Phasing analysis Parking analysis Development concept showing proposed buildings and structures Landscape drawings with plant groupings Topographic, utility, and landscape survey Demolition plan Layout plan showing location of: Building and structures Roads Fire Access Parking Accessible spaces Van spaces Mechanical and electrical equipment on grade Future expansion Off-site roads Off-site utilities Service area(s) Entrances and exits Walks Inlets Contractor's staging area Vertical and horizontal road alignment Paving joint patterns Grading plan showing: Existing contours Proposed contours Spot elevations at structure corners, entrances, equipment pads, etc. First floor elevations Rim and invert elevations on storm drainage fixtures Erosion and sediment control Rock excavation (quantity) Planting plan showing: List of plant material Limits of irrigation Site details Landscape details Signage plan and schedule Specifications ARCHITECTURAL: Submit or show the following Architectural: Schematics* DD** CD*** Location of: Rooms1 Doors2 Corridor(s)3 Basic column grid/sizes Expansion and seismic joints Electrical closets Equipment rooms Signal and telephone closets Mechanical shafts and space Stair(s) Ramp(s) Elevator(s) Automatic Conveyances Floor Plans/Drawings: All floors (new and renovated) Penthouse Roof plan Pipe basement Pipe tunnel Reflected ceiling4 Equipment floor plans 1:50 (1/4 inch) scale5 Demolition plans6 Room names and numbers7 Program net/designed net Exterior dimensions/total building gross area Size and shape of all departmental functions and services9 Exterior building elevations10 Finish floor elevations11 Door locations, sizes, and swings Wall thickness and chase walls Handrail location/dimensions Fixed equipment Equipment elevations and details Plumbing fixtures Wheelchair accessible facilities Wall sections12 Building sections13 Finish grades at corners, entrances, exits, platforms and ramps Fire and smoke rated partitions14 Lead-lined and radio-frequency- shielded partitions14 Fire extinguisher cabinets14 Spray-on fire proofing (see fire protection) Construction details15 Drafting symbols, abbreviations, and general notes Door, window, and louver schedules Interior details, elevations, sections Finish schedule16 Graphics and signage17 Color rendering Specifications Lead abatement18 Lead abatement specification19 C. FIRE PROTECTION: Submit the following: Fire Protection: Schematics* DD** CD*** Fire protection narrative:1 Fire and smoke separation Fire sprinkler/standpipe system Size of fire pumps Water supply available/max. demand Water flow testing results Fire alarm systems2 Existing to be modernized Base loop system for interface of new construction Kitchen extinguishing systems Size of air handling unit Exit paths from each zone Distances to stairs Occupancy of each area Exit calculations for each floor Smoke control features Floor Plans/Drawings:3 & 4 Sprinkler zones Fire alarm zones Smoke zones Building water supply Interior sprinkler supply lines Standpipes Fire extinguisher cabinets Fireproofing of structural members Sprinkler/standpipe riser supply piping Termination of sprinkler main and inspector test drains Sprinkler alarm valves Waterflow and tamper switches Sprinkler system fire department connections Sprinkler design hazards per NFPA 13 Exit signs and emergency lighting Occupied areas not protected by automatic sprinklers Calculations Estimated capacities for proposed air handling units in cubic meters (cubic feet) per minute Location of: Fire alarm system Annunciator panels Pull stations Flow switches Audio-visual devices Smoke detectors Duct smoke det...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sean Cosby
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: sean.cosby@va.gov
  - Phone: 910-488-2120

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: of ASHRAE Standard 90.1-2010 to document the energy savings. Should the 30% reduction in energy consumption prove not to be life-cycle cost effective, then the A/E shall evaluate alternative designs at 5% successive decrements in order to identify the most energy-efficient design that is life-cycle cost effective. The following parameters shall be used for performing the analysis: 20 year life-cycle period for system comparisons Use Public domain programs such as TRACE, E-CUBE, Carrier E20-II, etc. 7% Discount Factor Neither include taxes, nor insurance while computing cost. Major & Minor Renovations and Major Equipment Replacements: For Major Renovations: Shall include any renovation where an entire area is gutted and rebuilt. Any replacement of central HVAC equipment or changes in air distribution shall be considered a Major Renovation. Reduce the energy cost budget by 20% below pre-renovations 2020 baseline. A/E shall estimate 2020 baseline energy consumption before the renovation and compare it to the proposed design after the renovation and document the 20% savings. The primary unit for energy budget reporting is the British Thermal Unit (BTU) per square foot of the area to be renovated. A/E shall develop the energy budget as required in ASHRAE 90.1-2010, Appendix G, using the same parameters outlined above for new construction. For Minor Renovations: Shall be defined as a small portion of a building, where only architectural treatments or simple equipment replacement is planned. The renovation will have little to no impact on the central HVAC System, or energy use within the renovated area. Any part of the renovation which impacts energy consumption shall be designed with the mandate to reduce energy consumption. For example, if exterior walls are part of the project, then their R-Value shall be increased. If lighting fixtures are to be replaced, then they shall be replaced with the most energy efficient fixture that is cost effective (20 year life). Renewable Energy Resources: For any work, renewable (geothermal, heat recovery, wind, PV solar, solar hot water, etc.) shall be evaluated for life-cycle cost effectiveness. Design Requirements / Submissions EXPECTATIONS: Submit complete review package in accordance with the following requirements and guidelines outlined in https://www.cfm.va.gov/til/aeDesSubReq.asp PG 18-15 Volume C Document Please pay specific attention to the schematic, design and construction submission requirements. Deliver all design packages electronically and hardcopies to the Project Manager on the established dates to allow the VA Project Development Teams to meet as scheduled. A transmittal letter and check lists is required to be emailed to the Contracting Officer and the project manager on the same day as delivery. Include all information as follows and as outlined in the attachments for each submission. Information required for each submittal is outlined in Program Guide PG-18-15 Volume C. The manual is at the following address: https://www.cfm.va.gov/til/aeDesSubReq.asp Design Development 15%: See Attachment - A, 15% Submission Requirements Requirements for the 15% Schematics Development Documents Submission. Address all comments from the Initial PDT Meeting and site visits. Provide spreadsheet of VA review comments and their completion status. Design Development 35%: See Attachment - A, 35% Submission Requirements Requirements for the 35% Design Development Documents Submission. Address all comments from the Schematic 15% Submission review. Provide spreadsheet of VA review comments and their completion status.. Design Development 65%: See Attachment - A, 65% Submission Requirements Requirements for the 35% Design Development Documents Submission. Address all comments from the Schematic 35% Submission review. Provide spreadsheet of VA review comments and their completion status. Provide spreadsheet response to VA Fire review comments and their completion status. Construction Documents 95%: See Attachment - A, 95% Submission Requirements Requirements for the 95% Design Development Documents Submission. Address all comments from the 65% review. Provide spreadsheet of VA review comments and their completion status. Provide spreadsheet response to VA Fire review comments and their completion status. Provide Design finishes, required submittals. Consolidate all necessary submittals by specification section on an Excel spreadsheet. Checklist to be utilized to track/monitor submittal process. Construction Documents 100%: See Attachment - A, 100% Submission Requirements Requirements for the 100% Design Development Documents Submission. Address all comments from the 95% review. Provide spreadsheet of VA review comments and their completion status. Provide spreadsheet response to VA Fire review comments and their completion status. Finalize cost estimate. Final Construction Documents Submission (CD): See Attachment B Provide spreadsheet of VA review comments and their completion status. Provide spreadsheet response to VA Fire review comments and their completion status. Submit a complete document of all contract requirements for approval signatures. Continue to update and submit until approved. As-Built Drawings: See Attachment E Submit a complete document of all as-built drawings for VA review and approval. Continue to update and submit until approved. Update the record drawings for both campuses, associated floors to include all renovations for this project. Final submitted record drawings should be incorporated into most current floor plan submitted by VA at close of documents. Construction Period Services Expectations: Respond to submittals requests in fifteen (15) calendar days. Provide services: Assist the VA to determine whether the contractor or subcontractor meets qualification requirements, support by written recommendations of any problems or litigation encountered in past based on first-hand knowledge. The AE shall call into weekly construction meetings with the VA. Review all submissions and provide recommendations to the VA within fifteen (15) calendar days or (5) calendar days upon request. Review and provide replies to contractors generated RFIs when required by the project manager within (5) Calendar days. Review and provide recommendations to contractors generated RFPs and cost estimates within ten (10) calendar days. Make ten (10) site visits at a minimum on the requests of the VA and prepare written reports to include agreed upon changes in design as determined necessary during the construction. Visits made based on errors and omissions in design will be at no cost to the VA. Participate in partial/final acceptance inspections as scheduled and generate punch list items for completion. The punch list shall reference the contract documents for specific deficiencies (i.e. specification section, drawing detail, etc.) Prepare as-built drawings on original set with A/E s stamp, based on record drawings that the contractor kept during construction and with correspondence performed during construction. Transpose contractor s as-builts to AutoCAD 2025 file type and provide a set of updated as-builts and specifications on CD and on A/E FTP site within 30 days to the COR. These should be posted on A/E FTP site for VA retrieval. Attachment A SITE DEVELOPMENT: Submit the following: Site Development: Schematics* DD** CD*** Narrative Analysis of site Circulation study Phasing analysis Parking analysis Development concept showing proposed buildings and structures Landscape drawings with plant groupings Topographic, utility, and landscape survey Demolition plan Layout plan showing location of: Building and structures Roads Fire Access Parking Accessible spaces Van spaces Mechanical and electrical equipment on grade Future expansion Off-site roads Off-site utilities Service area(s) Entrances and exits Walks Inlets Contractor"s staging area Vertical and horizontal road alignment Paving joint patterns Grading plan showing: Existing contours Proposed contours Spot elevations at structure corners, entrances, equipment pads, etc. First floor elevations Rim and invert elevations on storm drainage fixtures Erosion and sediment control Rock excavation (quantity) Planting plan showing: List of plant material Limits of irrigation Site details Landscape details Signage plan and schedule Specifications ARCHITECTURAL: Submit or show the following Architectural: Schematics* DD** CD*** Location of: Rooms1 Doors2 Corridor(s)3 Basic column grid/sizes Expansion and seismic joints Electrical closets Equipment rooms Signal and telephone closets Mechanical shafts and space Stair(s) Ramp(s) Elevator(s) Automatic Conveyances Floor Plans/Drawings: All floors (new and renovated) Penthouse Roof plan Pipe basement Pipe tunnel Reflected ceiling4 Equipment floor plans 1:50 (1/4 inch) scale5 Demolition plans6 Room names and numbers7 Program net/designed net Exterior dimensions/total building gross area Size and shape of all departmental functions and services9 Exterior building elevations10 Finish floor elevations11 Door locations, sizes, and swings Wall thickness and chase walls Handrail location/dimensions Fixed equipment Equipment elevations and details Plumbing fixtures Wheelchair accessible facilities Wall sections12 Building sections13 Finish grades at corners, entrances, exits, platforms and ramps Fire and smoke rated partitions14 Lead-lined and radio-frequency- shielded partitions14 Fire extinguisher cabinets14 Spray-on fire proofing (see fire protection) Construction details15 Drafting symbols, abbreviations, and general notes Door, window, and louver schedules Interior details, elevations, sections Finish schedule16 Graphics and signage17 Color rendering Specifications Lead abatement18 Lead abatement specification19 C. FIRE PROTECTION: Submit the following: Fire Protection: Schematics* DD** CD*** Fire protection narrative:1 Fire and smoke separation Fire sprinkler/standpipe system Size of fire pumps Water supply available/max. demand Water flow testing results Fire alarm systems2 Existing to be modernized Base loop system for interface of new construction Kitchen extinguishing systems Size of air handling unit Exit paths from each zone Distances to stairs Occupancy of each area Exit calculations for each floor Smoke control features Floor Plans/Drawings:3 & 4 Sprinkler zones Fire alarm zones Smoke zones Building water supply Interior sprinkler supply lines Standpipes Fire extinguisher cabinets Fireproofing of structural members Sprinkler/standpipe riser supply piping Termination of sprinkler main and inspector test drains Sprinkler alarm valves Waterflow and tamper switches Sprinkler system fire department connections Sprinkler design hazards per NFPA 13 Exit signs and emergency lighting Occupied areas not protected by automatic sprinklers Calculations Estimated capacities for proposed air handling units in cubic meters (cubic feet) per minute Location of: Fire alarm system Annunciator panels Pull stations Flow switches Audio-visual devices Smoke detectors Duct smoke det

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c7763e471e5e47e4aec953d2009a8176/view)