---
layout: default
title: Network Extension for User Continuity and Sustainability (NEXUS) Ka-Band Backward-Compatible Relay Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) NextSTEP-3 Appendix E - Draft Solicitation
agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 94849b24d6f14122980206717c085637
---

# Network Extension for User Continuity and Sustainability (NEXUS) Ka-Band Backward-Compatible Relay Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) NextSTEP-3 Appendix E - Draft Solicitation

- Agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 11:31:33.364-04
- Solicitation Number: SCAN-MSFC-0001

## Summary

Update 2: NASA removed controlled access from Appendix E, Solicitation to make _Draft Appendix E attachment publicly available Update: NASA release of the draft competitive Appendix E solicitation under the Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships-3 (NextSTEP-3) Omnibus for Project NEXUS, Ka-band Backward-Compatible Relay. As the aging Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System (TDRSS) declines, NASA’s objective is to acquire an end-to-end Ka-band relay service, including space, ground, launch, integration, and operations elements, that is backward compatible with legacy TDRSS users for a minimum of fifteen (15) years. This capability is needed to support select on-orbit missions that cannot feasibly modify flight hardware or transition to non-compatible commercial services. Industry is being asked to develop and demonstrate this end-to-end capability. This draft solicitation is for a phased competitive Research and Development (R&D) acquisition in accordance with NFS 1852.217-72. NASA anticipates multiple initial Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) awards with progressive down-selections based on demonstrated performance, technical credibility, and commercial viability. NASA does not anticipate being the sole commercial customer and anticipates proposed solutions to be supported by a broader commercial business case beyond NASA. NAICS: Phases 1–3: 541715. NASA seeks to accelerate maturation of commercially viable capabilities through competitive research demonstrations to support transition to future operational services, while preserving full and open competition for those services. All proposed satellite orbit solutions are acceptable notwithstanding that the proposed solutions will be expected to include all elements necessary for industry to develop, deliver and sustain the end-to-end relay service capability, including, but not limited to: Space segment, associated launch services, as applicable, ground and network infrastructure, and service operations and maintenance. Accordingly, NASA may use, consistent with the terms and conditions of the resulting contract, knowledge gained through contract performance, including demonstration results, technical data, and operational insight, to inform future acquisition strategies for operational services. Participation in this competition does not guarantee eligibility for or award of any future procurement. NASA may also issue limited initial service contracts or pilot service awards to one or more Appendix E participants to support transition and continued service demonstration (Phase 4) while pursuing broader competition for long-term operational services (Phase 5). Participation in this BAA solicitation does not otherwise limit eligibility for future service acquisitions. This effort is intended to support NASA’s transition to commercially provided, backward-compatible Ka-band relay services for a minimum 15-year service period. NAICS: Phases 4 & 5: 517810 (All Other Telecommunications) and/or 517410 (Satellite Communication). BAA Synopsis: Phase 1 (~6 months) mature proposed concepts and development plans. Multiple FFP awards are anticipated no later than September 2026. Phase 2 (~15 months) develop capability and integrate ground and space segments. NASA anticipates option exercise for down-selected contractors around February 2027. Phase 3 (~6 months) on-orbit flight demonstration and end-to-end verification. NASA anticipates option exercise for down-selected contractors around May 2028 to support a flight demonstration NLT June 2028 and verification through September 2028. Note: NASA anticipates acquiring operational service provider demonstration (pilot contracts) as a Phase 4, which is a separate commercial services acquisition under FAR Parts 12 and 15. NASA anticipates the pilot to be one-year ~October 2028 plus a one-year option to extend. Project NEXUS BAA Acquisition Schedule: A final BAA solicitation release is tentatively planned on or around May 14, 2026. A final solicitation industry day walk through is expected to occur on or around May 13, 2026. The proposal due date will be June 5, 2026, but specific instructions will be identified in the final solicitation BAA. Set aside: None; full and open competition. No foreign offerors permitted. This draft solicitation includes an attachment B_Service Requirements Document (SRD) which contains International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR)?controlled technical data. Therefore, access to these materials is restricted to contractors with valid ITAR export clearance per NASA exportcontrol? procedures; such data will not be publicly posted on SAM.gov at any point. Interested parties wanting access to a copy of this draft solicitation attachment must send a copy of its Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (DDTC) letter to MSFC-NEXUS@mail.nasa.gov prior to requesting access to the document on sam.gov. Once NASA confirms clearance, controlled access to the data will be provided via a sam.gov secure system. This draft solicitation is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government, nor will the Government pay for information solicited. This notice is not a request for proposals. Potential offerors are responsible for monitoring SAM.gov for the final solicitation, amendments, updates, and for downloading all documents. NASA reserves the right to share information received in response to this notification, as necessary, and to use information submitted in NASA's formulation of a solicitation seeking competitive proposals related to initiatives described herein. NASA is not requesting competition sensitive or export-controlled data that requires protection. If it is necessary to submit competition sensitive data, that data should be clearly segregated and marked as sensitive. NASA will protect such data from public disclosure to the extent permitted under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and other laws and regulations. Additionally, any ITAR or Export Administration Regulations (EAR) restricted information should be appropriately labeled. Although information contained herein represents current program content and acquisition planning, it is subject to change. NASA Clause 1852.215-84, Ombudsman, applies. Current Ombudsman information is available at https://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/procurement/regs/Procurement-Ombuds-Comp-Advocate-Listing.pdf. All information related to this acquisition should be directed to and through Jennifer George, Lead Contracting Officer, NASA/MSFC/PS50 at Jennifer.George@nasa.gov and MSFC-NEXUS@mail.nasa.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer George
  - Email: Jennifer.George@nasa.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Michael Eagan
  - Email: Michael.C.Eagan@nasa.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Solicitation to make _Draft Appendix E attachment publicly available Update: NASA release of the draft competitive Appendix E solicitation under the Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnerships-3 (NextSTEP-3) Omnibus for Project NEXUS, Ka-band Backward-Compatible Relay. As the aging Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System (TDRSS) declines, NASA’s objective is to acquire an end-to-end Ka-band relay service, including space, ground, launch, integration, and operations elements, that is backward compatible with legacy TDRSS users for a minimum of fifteen (15) years. This capability is needed to support select on-orbit missions that cannot feasibly modify flight hardware or transition to non-compatible commercial services. Industry is being asked to develop and demonstrate this end-to-end capability. This draft solicitation is for a phased competitive Research and Development (R&D) acquisition in accordance with NFS 1852.217-72. NASA anticipates multiple initial Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) awards with progressive down-selections based on demonstrated performance, technical credibility, and commercial viability. NASA does not anticipate being the sole commercial customer and anticipates proposed solutions to be supported by a broader commercial business case beyond NASA. NAICS: Phases 1–3: 541715. NASA seeks to accelerate maturation of commercially viable capabilities through competitive research demonstrations to support transition to future operational services, while preserving full and open competition for those services. All proposed satellite orbit solutions are acceptable notwithstanding that the proposed solutions will be expected to include all elements necessary for industry to develop, deliver and sustain the end-to-end relay service capability, including, but not limited to: Space segment, associated launch services, as applicable, ground and network infrastructure, and service operations and maintenance. Accordingly, NASA may use, consistent with the terms and conditions of the resulting contract, knowledge gained through contract performance, including demonstration results, technical data, and operational insight, to inform future acquisition strategies for operational services. Participation in this competition does not guarantee eligibility for or award of any future procurement. NASA may also issue limited initial service contracts or pilot service awards to one or more Appendix E participants to support transition and continued service demonstration (Phase 4) while pursuing broader competition for long-term operational services (Phase 5). Participation in this BAA solicitation does not otherwise limit eligibility for future service acquisitions. This effort is intended to support NASA’s transition to commercially provided, backward-compatible Ka-band relay services for a minimum 15-year service period. NAICS: Phases 4 & 5: 517810 (All Other Telecommunications) and/or 517410 (Satellite Communication). BAA Synopsis: Phase 1 (~6 months) mature proposed concepts and development plans. Multiple FFP awards are anticipated no later than September 2026. Phase 2 (~15 months) develop capability and integrate ground and space segments. NASA anticipates option exercise for down-selected contractors around February 2027. Phase 3 (~6 months) on-orbit flight demonstration and end-to-end verification. NASA anticipates option exercise for down-selected contractors around May 2028 to support a flight demonstration NLT June 2028 and verification through September 2028. Note: NASA anticipates acquiring operational service provider demonstration (pilot contracts) as a Phase 4, which is a separate commercial services acquisition under FAR Parts 12 and 15. NASA anticipates the pilot to be one-year ~October 2028 plus a one-year option to extend. Project NEXUS BAA Acquisition Schedule: A final BAA solicitation release is tentatively planned on or around May 14, 2026. A final solicitation industry day walk through is expected to occur on or around May 13, 2026. The proposal due date will be June 5, 2026, but specific instructions will be identified in the final solicitation BAA. Set aside: None; full and open competition. No foreign offerors permitted. This draft solicitation includes an attachment B_Service Requirements Document (SRD) which contains International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR)?controlled technical data. Therefore, access to these materials is restricted to contractors with valid ITAR export clearance per NASA exportcontrol? procedures; such data will not be publicly posted on SAM.gov at any point. Interested parties wanting access to a copy of this draft solicitation attachment must send a copy of its Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (DDTC) letter to MSFC-NEXUS@mail.nasa.gov prior to requesting access to the document on sam.gov. Once NASA confirms clearance, controlled access to the data will be provided via a sam.gov secure system. This draft solicitation is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government, nor will the Government pay for information solicited. This notice is not a request for proposals. Potential offerors are responsible for monitoring SAM.gov for the final solicitation, amendments, updates, and for downloading all documents. NASA reserves the right to share information received in response to this notification, as necessary, and to use information submitted in NASA"s formulation of a solicitation seeking competitive proposals related to initiatives described herein. NASA is not requesting competition sensitive or export-controlled data that requires protection. If it is necessary to submit competition sensitive data, that data should be clearly segregated and marked as sensitive. NASA will protect such data from public disclosure to the extent permitted under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and other laws and regulations. Additionally, any ITAR or Export Administration Regulations (EAR) restricted information should be appropriately labeled. Although information contained herein represents current program content and acquisition planning, it is subject to change. NASA Clause 1852.215-84, Ombudsman, applies. Current Ombudsman information is available at https://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/procurement/regs/Procurement-Ombuds-Comp-Advocate-Listing.pdf. All information related to this acquisition should be directed to and through Jennifer George, Lead Contracting Officer, NASA/MSFC/PS50 at Jennifer.George@nasa.gov and MSFC-NEXUS@mail.nasa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/94849b24d6f14122980206717c085637/view)