---
layout: default
title: Q509--BOI Acute Bedside Dialysis Contract 5-Year IDIQ: 06/01/2026 - 05/31/2031
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 72fa0ec73bbd42d48f31196b75edcd3a
---

# Q509--BOI Acute Bedside Dialysis Contract 5-Year IDIQ: 06/01/2026 - 05/31/2031

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-16 14:32:44.171-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0549
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Description 1. This is a combined synopsis/notice for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This requirement is being solicited under the authority of 38 U.S.C. 8153. This announcement constitutes the only notice; quotes are being requested, and a written notice will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this notice. 2. This is a notice for a Request for Quotation (RFQ). The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract. The intended contract period is a five-year Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ). This notice document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06, effective October 1, 2025. The RFQ number is 36C26026Q0549. 3. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 621492 Kidney Dialysis Centers and the small business size standard is $47 million. The PSC is Q509. This procurement is competed unrestricted. If an award cannot be made, the notice will be cancelled, and the requirement resolicited. 5. MINIMUM AND MAXIMUM in accordance with FAR 16.504(a)(4)(ii): The guaranteed minimum contract quantity is 200 each. The maximum quantity shall not exceed 2,000 each. The Government does not guarantee that it will place any orders under this contract in excess of the guaranteed minimum award amount. 6. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Network Contracting Office 20 (NCO 20), requires quotes for Acute Bedside Dialysis Services to eligible patients of the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Boise, ID (BVAMC). This notice includes Attachment 1, Performance Work Statement (PWS). Telephonic requests for the notice will not be honored. Respondents to this notice must fully demonstrate their capability by supplying detailed quote information along with any other documents necessary to support the requirements below. The contract period of performance is for a five-year IDIQ. Offers are to be provided to david.hurrell@va.gov. no later than April 30, 2026, at 4:30 PM (PST). All questions must be submitted in writing no later than April 23, 2026, at 4:30 PM (PST). 7. This notice and additional documents are attached below. Please be sure to review Addendum to 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items and VAAR 852.273-73 Evaluation Health-Care Resources for important quote information (offerors). All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following responses using Attachment 8: Price Cost Schedule. The following documents are attached: Attachment 1: Performance Work Statement (PWS) Attachment 2: Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP) Attachment 3: Key Personnel Listing with OIG Website Attachment 4: Past Performance References Attachment 5: Contractor Employee Legal Status Attachment 6: Organizational Conflict of Interest Statement Attachment 7: Rules of Behavior Attachment 8: Price/Cost Schedule The Period of Performance is five years, 05-31-2026 06-01-2031. Place of Performance: Services are to be provided at the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, 500 West Fort Street, Boise, ID 83702. No travel, lodging or per diem is authorized. Contractor personnel must be present at this facility and must perform the required services for the period specified in the contract. Offeror must be located within a 50-mile radius of the VA Medical Center, Boise, ID. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at http://acquisition.gov/comp/far/index.html. The following notice provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS--COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES FAR 52.203-11 CERTIFICATION AND DISCLOSURE REGARDING PAYMENTS TO INFLUENCE CERTAIN FEDERAL TRANSACTIONS FAR 52.203-18 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH ENTITIES THAT REQUIRE CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS OR STATEMENTS REPRESENTATION FAR 52.204-7 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT VAAR 852.233-70 PROTEST CONTENT/ALTERNATE DISPUTE RESOLUTION VAAR 852.233-71 ALTERNATE PROTEST PROCEDURE VAAR 852.252-70 SOLICITATION PROVISIONS OR CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE VAAR 852.273-70 LATE OFFERS, IN ALL REQUESTS FOR QUOTATIONS (RFQS) AND REQUESTS FOR PROPOSALS (RFPS) EXCEEDING THE MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD VAAR 852.273-72 ALTERNATIVE EVALUATION, IN LIEU OF THE PROVISION AT 52.212-2, EVALUATION--COMMERCIAL ITEMS VAAR 852.273-73 EVALUATION HEALTH CARE-RESOURCES VAAR 852.273-74 AWARD WITHOUT EXCHANGES This notice incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far https://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/ The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.203-6 RESTRICTIONS ON SUBCONTRACTOR SALES TO THE GOVERNMENT ALTERNATE I FAR 52.203-17 CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS FAR 52.203-19 PROHIBITION ON REQUIRING CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS OR STATEMENTS FAR 52.204-9 PERSONAL IDENTITY VERIFICATION OF CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL FAR 52.204-13 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT MAINTENANCE FAR 52.209-6 PROTECTING THE GOVERNMENT'S INTEREST WHEN SUBCONTRACTING WITH CONTRACTORS DEBARRED, SUSPENDED, PROPOSED FOR DEBARMENT, OR VOLUNTARILY EXCLUDED FAR 52.209-7 INFORMATION REGARDING RESPONSIBILITY MATTERS FAR 52.209-9 UPDATES OF PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION REGARDING RESPONSIBILITY MATTERS FAR 52.209-10 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH INVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS FAR 52.212-4 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS-COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES FAR 52.216-18 ORDERING FAR 52.216-19 ORDER LIMITATIONS FAR 52.216-22 INDEFINITE QUANTITY FAR 52.217-8 OPTION TO EXTEND SERVICES (NOV 1999) FAR 52.219-1 SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REPRESENTATIONS FAR 52.219-8 UTILIZATION OF SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS FAR 52.219-14 LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING FAR 52.219-28 POSTAWARD SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REREPRESENTATION FAR 52.222-3 CONVICT LABOR FAR 52.222-35 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS FAR 52.222-36 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES FAR 52.222-37 EMPLOYMENT REPORTS ON VETERANS FAR 52.222-40 NOTIFICATION OF EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS ACT FAR 52.222-41 SERVICE CONTRACT LABOR STANDARDS FAR 52.222-42 STATEMENT OF EQUIVALENT RATES FOR FEDERAL HIRES FAR 52.222-43 FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT AND SERVICE CONTRACT LABOR STANDARDS-PRICE ADJUSTMENT (MULTIPLE YEAR AND OPTION CONTRACTS) FAR 52.222-50 COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS FAR 52.222-54 EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION FAR 52.222-55 MINIMUM WAGES FOR CONTRACTOR WORKERS UNDER EXECUTIVE ORDER 14026 FAR 52.222-62 PAID SICK LEAVE UNDER EXECUTIVE ORDER 13706 FAR 52.223-5 POLLUTION PREVENTION AND RIGHT-TO-KNOW INFORMATION FAR 52.224-3 PRIVACY TRAINING FAR 52.226-8 ENCOURAGING CONTRACTOR POLICIES TO BAN TEXT MESSAGING WHILE DRIVING FAR 52.228-5 INSURANCE--WORK ON A GOVERNMENT INSTALLATION FAR 52.229-3 FEDERAL, STATE, AND LOCAL TAXES (SEP 2025) (DEVIATION) FAR 52.232-33 PAYMENT BY ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT FAR 52.232-40 PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTORS FAR 52.233-2 SERVICE OF PROTEST FAR 52.233-3 PROTEST AFTER AWARD FAR 52.233-4 APPLICABLE LAW FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT CLAIM FAR 52.237-2 PROTECTION OF GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS, EQUIPMENT, AND VEGETATION FAR 52.237-3 CONTINUITY OF SERVICES FAR 52.240-91 SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS FAR 52.244-6 SUBCONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES FAR 52.244-6DEV SUBCONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (OCT 2025) (DEVIATION FEB 2025) FAR 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FAR 52.252-6 AUTHORIZED DEVIATIONS IN CLAUSES VAAR 852.201-70 CONTRACTING OFFICER S REPRESENTATIVE VAAR 852.203-70 COMMERCIAL ADVERTISING VAAR 852.204-70 PERSONAL IDENTITY VERIFICATION OF CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL VAAR 852.222-71 COMPLIANCE WITH EXECUTIVE ORDER 13899 (DEVIATION)(APR 2025) VAAR 852.232-72 ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF PAYMENT REQUESTS VAAR 852.237-70 INDEMNIFICATION AND MEDICAL LIABILITY INSURANCE ($1M PER INDIVIDUAL, $3M PER OCCURRENCE) VAAR 852.237-74 NON-DISCRIMINATION IN SERVICE DELIVERY VAAR 852.242-71 ADMINISTRATIVE CONTRACTING OFFICER VAAR 852.237-75 KEY PERSONNEL The following are the Instructions for Responses for Preparation of Quotes: INSTRUCTION FOR THE PREPARATION OF QUOTES 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items (Sep 2023) (Incorporated by reference) ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL ITEMS ( Responses) Evaluation factors for award are listed in descending order of importance: Factor 1: Technical Sub-Factor 1: Staffing Plan Sub-Factor 2: Ability to meet schedule and quality requirements Sub-Factor 3: Quality control plan Factor 2: Past Performance Factor 3: Price The evaluation will be conducted in accordance with FAR Part 12 using a basic technical evaluation process. All non-price factors are of equal importance. All sub-factors under factor 1 are of equal importance. All non-price factors, when combined, are significantly more important than price. All quotes need to be legible and prepared in the following format to be properly evaluated. Submit quotes via email to david.hurrell@va.gov. . Quotes need to be complete, self-sufficient, and respond directly to the requirements of this RFQ. Quote Format. Submit quote in PDF or Microsoft Word, assembled as follows: Part I Administrative Part II Past Performance Part III Technical Capability Part IV Price The page limit is 25 pages per part. Pages beyond the maximum number of pages will not be evaluated. Contents of Part I Administrative Provide Contractor contact information, UEI number, and Tax Identification Number. Acknowledgment of all Amendments that may be issued under this RFQ. Submit evidence of Medical Liability Insurance in accordance with VAAR 852.237-70. Submit signed copies of QASP, Contractor Employees Legal Status, Organizational Conflict of Interest Statement, and Rules of Behavior for this Notice. Submit Key Personnel and Past Performance questionnaire. Offeror shall fill in and submit a completed Price Schedule located on Attachment 8. The offeror agrees to hold the quoted pricing firm for 6 months. Certify that key personnel have been compared to OIG list in accordance with Section 4 of the PWS. Contents of Part II Past Performance Offeror shall submit with a quote, a minimum of three (3) references, to include name of the medical facility, point of contact, and their email address for recent (within the past 5 years) Acute Bedside Dialysis Services provided by the offeror. If the offeror has no past performance information on this type of requirement, the offeror shall specifically state that it has no such past performance. The Government will review available past performance data in the Government s Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS). The Government reserves the right to obtain past performance information from other sources. Malpractice claims will be analyzed. If applicable, submit copies of malpractice claims and disposition of each. If none, so state/certify in your submittal. Failure to provide requested documentation will disqualify offeror from consideration. Past Performance Evaluation Ratings Very Good Based on the offeror s performance record, the Government has a high expectation that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort, or the offeror s performance record is unknown. Satisfactory Based on the offeror s performance record, the Government has reasonable expectation that the offeror will be able to successfully perform the required effort. Marginal Based on the offeror s performance record, the Government has little expectation that the offeror will be able to successfully perform the required effort. Neutral / Unknown The offeror has no relevant past performance record. A thorough search was left unable to identify any past performance information. Contents of Part III Technical Capability There are 3 Technical Subfactors. Contractor shall meet standards listed in Performance Work Statement (PWS). Companies cannot receive Unsatisfactory for any Technical Subfactor and be considered for award. Technical Subfactor 1, Staffing Plan. Submit your staffing plan which should contain sufficient numbers of nurses with proof that they are qualified to work on the contract. Provide specifics as to how your firm plans to staff the contract; indicate total number of nurses to be credentialed at the Boise VAMC. The minimum information on the nurses should include: a. Experience working as a Dialysis Nurse b. Skills break down indicating the nurse has the skills required to perform dialysis services c. Letter signed by each submitted nurse that they are willing to work on the contract and that they acknowledge that they will be required to be credentialed and will complete a background investigation. Technical Subfactor 2, Ability to meet schedule and quality requirements. Submit your understanding of the schedule requirements in this RFQ. Include an explanation of how you would handle scheduling issues such as failure of nurse to show for scheduled shift. Address your ability to meet timeliness and quality care requirements, ability to provide qualified physicians and nurses in required medical specialties, ability to coordinate care with the VA and its patients, ability to meet the requirements specified in the Performance Work Statement, and ability of contractor personnel to be credentialed and privileged to provide services as the inpatient service provider. Technical Subfactor 3, Quality Control Plan. Submit your plan that outlines your process in ensuring the quality of the services and the quality of equipment you will provide under this contract. Technical Excellence Evaluation Ratings Each subfactor will be rated by the following scale. The subfactor ratings will then be assessed and the Technical Excellence factor will be given an overall rating from the same scale, based on the subfactor ratings. Exceptional The offeror has demonstrated an exceptional response to the factor or subfactor. The offeror has demonstrated a clear understanding of the requirement, and the Government has high expectations of success in the area of this particular factor or subfactor. Very Good The offeror has demonstrated a very good response to the factor or subfactor. The offerors demonstrated understanding of the requirement, and the Government has high expectations of success in the area of this particular factor or subfactor. Satisfactory The offeror has demonstrated a satisfactory response to the factor or subfactor. The offeror has demonstrated understanding of the requirement, and the Government has high expectations of success in the area of this particular factor or subfactor. Marginal The offeror has demonstrated a marginal response to the factor or subfactor. The offeror has demonstrated a lack of understanding of the requirement and the Government has low expectations of success in the area of this particular factor or subfactor. Unsatisfactory The offeror has demonstrated an unsatisfactory response to the factor or subfactor. The offeror has demonstrated no understanding of the requirement, and the Government has no expectation of success in the area of this particular factor or subfactor. Evaluation Factor 3: Price. The Contracting Officer will conduct a price analysis to determine that quoted prices are fair and reasonable. Price will be evaluated using various price analysis techniques and procedures including, but not limited to, comparison of prices received in response to the solicitation, comparison to the Independent Government Estimate (IGE), and the following criteria: Total Price: The total price is the sum of all Line Items of the solicitation. Reasonable: A price is reasonable if, in its nature or amount, it does not exceed what an ordinarily prudent person in the conduct of normal competitive business would incur. Balance of Offer: The offer is balanced if the price is properly distributed throughout the life of the contract. Insert proposed unit and extended prices in Contract Line-Item Numbers (CLINs) 0001 through 0005. All prices need to be represented in two decimal positions only. Example: $0.27, not $0.27458. Note: Annual pricing is for comparison purposes when evaluating offerors price proposals. Estimated quantities listed in CLINs do not commit the Government to those amounts. Contractor needs to invoice for actual usage of services only. FAR 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services. As part of price evaluation, the Government will evaluate its option to extend services to 6 months. The price for the CLIN effective during any extension exercised will be used as the extension prices under FAR 52.217-8 and will be computed as the 6-month extension price. The offeror is not required/is not requested to enter a price for any FAR 52.217-8 extension period. *** End Inserted Clause '52.212-1 ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items' *** To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the notice are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the notice are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Point of Contact David Hurrell david.hurrell@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David Hurrell
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: david.hurrell@va.gov
  - Phone: 253-888-4905

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Performance Work Statement (PWS). Telephonic requests for the notice will not be honored. Respondents to this notice must fully demonstrate their capability by supplying detailed quote information along with any other documents necessary to support the requirements below. The contract period of performance is for a five-year IDIQ. Offers are to be provided to david.hurrell@va.gov. no later than April 30, 2026, at 4:30 PM (PST). All questions must be submitted in writing no later than April 23, 2026, at 4:30 PM (PST). 7. This notice and additional documents are attached below. Please be sure to review Addendum to 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items and VAAR 852.273-73 Evaluation Health-Care Resources for important quote information (offerors). All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following responses using Attachment 8: Price Cost Schedule. The following documents are attached: Attachment 1: Performance Work Statement (PWS) Attachment 2: Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP) Attachment 3: Key Personnel Listing with OIG Website Attachment 4: Past Performance References Attachment 5: Contractor Employee Legal Status Attachment 6: Organizational Conflict of Interest Statement Attachment 7: Rules of Behavior Attachment 8: Price/Cost Schedule The Period of Performance is five years, 05-31-2026 06-01-2031. Place of Performance: Services are to be provided at the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center, 500 West Fort Street, Boise, ID 83702. No travel, lodging or per diem is authorized. Contractor personnel must be present at this facility and must perform the required services for the period specified in the contract. Offeror must be located within a 50-mile radius of the VA Medical Center, Boise, ID. The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at http://acquisition.gov/comp/far/index.html. The following notice provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS--COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES FAR 52.203-11 CERTIFICATION AND DISCLOSURE REGARDING PAYMENTS TO INFLUENCE CERTAIN FEDERAL TRANSACTIONS FAR 52.203-18 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH ENTITIES THAT REQUIRE CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS OR STATEMENTS REPRESENTATION FAR 52.204-7 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT VAAR 852.233-70 PROTEST CONTENT/ALTERNATE DISPUTE RESOLUTION VAAR 852.233-71 ALTERNATE PROTEST PROCEDURE VAAR 852.252-70 SOLICITATION PROVISIONS OR CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE VAAR 852.273-70 LATE OFFERS, IN ALL REQUESTS FOR QUOTATIONS (RFQS) AND REQUESTS FOR PROPOSALS (RFPS) EXCEEDING THE MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD VAAR 852.273-72 ALTERNATIVE EVALUATION, IN LIEU OF THE PROVISION AT 52.212-2, EVALUATION--COMMERCIAL ITEMS VAAR 852.273-73 EVALUATION HEALTH CARE-RESOURCES VAAR 852.273-74 AWARD WITHOUT EXCHANGES This notice incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far https://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/ The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.203-6 RESTRICTIONS ON SUBCONTRACTOR SALES TO THE GOVERNMENT ALTERNATE I FAR 52.203-17 CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS FAR 52.203-19 PROHIBITION ON REQUIRING CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS OR STATEMENTS FAR 52.204-9 PERSONAL IDENTITY VERIFICATION OF CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL FAR 52.204-13 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT MAINTENANCE FAR 52.209-6 PROTECTING THE GOVERNMENT"S INTEREST WHEN SUBCONTRACTING WITH CONTRACTORS DEBARRED, SUSPENDED, PROPOSED FOR DEBARMENT, OR VOLUNTARILY EXCLUDED FAR 52.209-7 INFORMATION REGARDING RESPONSIBILITY MATTERS FAR 52.209-9 UPDATES OF PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION REGARDING RESPONSIBILITY MATTERS FAR 52.209-10 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH INVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS FAR 52.212-4 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS-COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES FAR 52.216-18 ORDERING FAR 52.216-19 ORDER LIMITATIONS FAR 52.216-22 INDEFINITE QUANTITY FAR 52.217-8 OPTION TO EXTEND SERVICES (NOV 1999) FAR 52.219-1 SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REPRESENTATIONS FAR 52.219-8 UTILIZATION OF SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS FAR 52.219-14 LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING FAR 52.219-28 POSTAWARD SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REREPRESENTATION FAR 52.222-3 CONVICT LABOR FAR 52.222-35 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS FAR 52.222-36 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES FAR 52.222-37 EMPLOYMENT REPORTS ON VETERANS FAR 52.222-40 NOTIFICATION OF EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS ACT FAR 52.222-41 SERVICE CONTRACT LABOR STANDARDS FAR 52.222-42 STATEMENT OF EQUIVALENT RATES FOR FEDERAL HIRES FAR 52.222-43 FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT AND SERVICE CONTRACT LABOR STANDARDS-PRICE ADJUSTMENT (MULTIPLE YEAR AND OPTION CONTRACTS) FAR 52.222-50 COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS FAR 52.222-54 EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION FAR 52.222-55 MINIMUM WAGES FOR CONTRACTOR WORKERS UNDER EXECUTIVE ORDER 14026 FAR 52.222-62 PAID SICK LEAVE UNDER EXECUTIVE ORDER 13706 FAR 52.223-5 POLLUTION PREVENTION AND RIGHT-TO-KNOW INFORMATION FAR 52.224-3 PRIVACY TRAINING FAR 52.226-8 ENCOURAGING CONTRACTOR POLICIES TO BAN TEXT MESSAGING WHILE DRIVING FAR 52.228-5 INSURANCE--WORK ON A GOVERNMENT INSTALLATION FAR 52.229-3 FEDERAL, STATE, AND LOCAL TAXES (SEP 2025) (DEVIATION) FAR 52.232-33 PAYMENT BY ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT FAR 52.232-40 PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTORS FAR 52.233-2 SERVICE OF PROTEST FAR 52.233-3 PROTEST AFTER AWARD FAR 52.233-4 APPLICABLE LAW FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT CLAIM FAR 52.237-2 PROTECTION OF GOVERNMENT BUILDINGS, EQUIPMENT, AND VEGETATION FAR 52.237-3 CONTINUITY OF SERVICES FAR 52.240-91 SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS FAR 52.244-6 SUBCONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES FAR 52.244-6DEV SUBCONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (OCT 2025) (DEVIATION FEB 2025) FAR 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FAR 52.252-6 AUTHORIZED DEVIATIONS IN CLAUSES VAAR 852.201-70 CONTRACTING OFFICER S REPRESENTATIVE VAAR 852.203-70 COMMERCIAL ADVERTISING VAAR 852.204-70 PERSONAL IDENTITY VERIFICATION OF CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL VAAR 852.222-71 COMPLIANCE WITH EXECUTIVE ORDER 13899 (DEVIATION)(APR 2025) VAAR 852.232-72 ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF PAYMENT REQUESTS VAAR 852.237-70 INDEMNIFICATION AND MEDICAL LIABILITY INSURANCE ($1M PER INDIVIDUAL, $3M PER OCCURRENCE) VAAR 852.237-74 NON-DISCRIMINATION IN SERVICE DELIVERY VAAR 852.242-71 ADMINISTRATIVE CONTRACTING OFFICER VAAR 852.237-75 KEY PERSONNEL The following are the Instructions for Responses for Preparation of Quotes: INSTRUCTION FOR THE PREPARATION OF QUOTES 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items (Sep 2023) (Incorporated by reference) ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL ITEMS ( Responses) Evaluation factors for award are listed in descending order of importance: Factor 1: Technical Sub-Factor 1: Staffing Plan Sub-Factor 2: Ability to meet schedule and quality requirements Sub-Factor 3: Quality control plan Factor 2: Past Performance Factor 3: Price The evaluation will be conducted in accordance with FAR Part 12 using a basic technical evaluation process. All non-price factors are of equal importance. All sub-factors under factor 1 are of equal importance. All non-price factors, when combined, are significantly more important than price. All quotes need to be legible and prepared in the following format to be properly evaluated. Submit quotes via email to david.hurrell@va.gov. . Quotes need to be complete, self-sufficient, and respond directly to the requirements of this RFQ. Quote Format. Submit quote in PDF or Microsoft Word, assembled as follows: Part I Administrative Part II Past Performance Part III Technical Capability Part IV Price The page limit is 25 pages per part. Pages beyond the maximum number of pages will not be evaluated. Contents of Part I Administrative Provide Contractor contact information, UEI number, and Tax Identification Number. Acknowledgment of all Amendments that may be issued under this RFQ. Submit evidence of Medical Liability Insurance in accordance with VAAR 852.237-70. Submit signed copies of QASP, Contractor Employees Legal Status, Organizational Conflict of Interest Statement, and Rules of Behavior for this Notice. Submit Key Personnel and Past Performance questionnaire. Offeror shall fill in and submit a completed Price Schedule located on Attachment 8. The offeror agrees to hold the quoted pricing firm for 6 months. Certify that key personnel have been compared to OIG list in accordance with Section 4 of the PWS. Contents of Part II Past Performance Offeror shall submit with a quote, a minimum of three (3) references, to include name of the medical facility, point of contact, and their email address for recent (within the past 5 years) Acute Bedside Dialysis Services provided by the offeror. If the offeror has no past performance information on this type of requirement, the offeror shall specifically state that it has no such past performance. The Government will review available past performance data in the Government s Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS). The Government reserves the right to obtain past performance information from other sources. Malpractice claims will be analyzed. If applicable, submit copies of malpractice claims and disposition of each. If none, so state/certify in your submittal. Failure to provide requested documentation will disqualify offeror from consideration. Past Performance Evaluation Ratings Very Good Based on the offeror s performance record, the Government has a high expectation that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort, or the offeror s performance record is unknown. Satisfactory Based on the offeror s performance record, the Government has reasonable expectation that the offeror will be able to successfully perform the required effort. Marginal Based on the offeror s performance record, the Government has little expectation that the offeror will be able to successfully perform the required effort. Neutral / Unknown The offeror has no relevant past performance record. A thorough search was left unable to identify any past performance information. Contents of Part III Technical Capability There are 3 Technical Subfactors. Contractor shall meet standards listed in Performance Work Statement (PWS). Companies cannot receive Unsatisfactory for any Technical Subfactor and be considered for award. Technical Subfactor 1, Staffing Plan. Submit your staffing plan which should contain sufficient numbers of nurses with proof that they are qualified to work on the contract. Provide specifics as to how your firm plans to staff the contract; indicate total number of nurses to be credentialed at the Boise VAMC. The minimum information on the nurses should include: a. Experience working as a Dialysis Nurse b. Skills break down indicating the nurse has the skills required to perform dialysis services c. Letter signed by each submitted nurse that they are willing to work on the contract and that they acknowledge that they will be required to be credentialed and will complete a background investigation. Technical Subfactor 2, Ability to meet schedule and quality requirements. Submit your understanding of the schedule requirements in this RFQ. Include an explanation of how you would handle scheduling issues such as failure of nurse to show for scheduled shift. Address your ability to meet timeliness and quality care requirements, ability to provide qualified physicians and nurses in required medical specialties, ability to coordinate care with the VA and its patients, ability to meet the requirements specified in the Performance Work Statement, and ability of contractor personnel to be credentialed and privileged to provide services as the inpatient service provider. Technical Subfactor 3, Quality Control Plan. Submit your plan that outlines your process in ensuring the quality of the services and the quality of equipment you will provide under this contract. Technical Excellence Evaluation Ratings Each subfactor will be rated by the following scale. The subfactor ratings will then be assessed and the Technical Excellence factor will be given an overall rating from the same scale, based on the subfactor ratings. Exceptional The offeror has demonstrated an exceptional response to the factor or subfactor. The offeror has demonstrated a clear understanding of the requirement, and the Government has high expectations of success in the area of this particular factor or subfactor. Very Good The offeror has demonstrated a very good response to the factor or subfactor. The offerors demonstrated understanding of the requirement, and the Government has high expectations of success in the area of this particular factor or subfactor. Satisfactory The offeror has demonstrated a satisfactory response to the factor or subfactor. The offeror has demonstrated understanding of the requirement, and the Government has high expectations of success in the area of this particular factor or subfactor. Marginal The offeror has demonstrated a marginal response to the factor or subfactor. The offeror has demonstrated a lack of understanding of the requirement and the Government has low expectations of success in the area of this particular factor or subfactor. Unsatisfactory The offeror has demonstrated an unsatisfactory response to the factor or subfactor. The offeror has demonstrated no understanding of the requirement, and the Government has no expectation of success in the area of this particular factor or subfactor. Evaluation Factor 3: Price. The Contracting Officer will conduct a price analysis to determine that quoted prices are fair and reasonable. Price will be evaluated using various price analysis techniques and procedures including, but not limited to, comparison of prices received in response to the solicitation, comparison to the Independent Government Estimate (IGE), and the following criteria: Total Price: The total price is the sum of all Line Items of the solicitation. Reasonable: A price is reasonable if, in its nature or amount, it does not exceed what an ordinarily prudent person in the conduct of normal competitive business would incur. Balance of Offer: The offer is balanced if the price is properly distributed throughout the life of the contract. Insert proposed unit and extended prices in Contract Line-Item Numbers (CLINs) 0001 through 0005. All prices need to be represented in two decimal positions only. Example: $0.27, not $0.27458. Note: Annual pricing is for comparison purposes when evaluating offerors price proposals. Estimated quantities listed in CLINs do not commit the Government to those amounts. Contractor needs to invoice for actual usage of services only. FAR 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services. As part of price evaluation, the Government will evaluate its option to extend services to 6 months. The price for the CLIN effective during any extension exercised will be used as the extension prices under FAR 52.217-8 and will be computed as the 6-month extension price. The offeror is not required/is not requested to enter a price for any FAR 52.217-8 extension period. *** End Inserted Clause "52.212-1 ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items" *** To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the notice are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the notice are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Point of Contact David Hurrell david.hurrell@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/72fa0ec73bbd42d48f31196b75edcd3a/view)