---
layout: default
title: J012--Fire Door PM Inspection-Repairs Sources Sought Notice 5 Year Service Contract Baltimore/Loch Raven VA Medical Centers
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 70bed7db513744c2bc7475f4e46a6f22
---

# J012--Fire Door PM Inspection-Repairs Sources Sought Notice 5 Year Service Contract Baltimore/Loch Raven VA Medical Centers

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-02 12:12:35.045-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0426
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Department of Veterans Affairs NCO 5 is seeking responses from entities that are interested in this procurement and consider themselves to have the resources, capabilities, and qualifications necessary to provide the services required for Loch Raven and Baltimore VA Medical Centers. Please respond to this RFI/Sources Sought 36C24526Q0426 with your: 1. Business name (including Unique Entity ID (SAM.gov) 2. Business type, socio-economic status (e.g., Veteran-Owned, Woman-Owned, Disadvantaged Small Business, 8(a), etc.), and 3. Person of contact (including telephone number & email address). 4. Capability statement and summary of previous experience providing these types of services for the Veterans Health Administration or other similar facilities. 5. Available contract vehicles (GSA FSS, etc.) for use by Department of VA (include applicable NAICS) 6. Brief Summary of categories of services that your company can/cannot provide. 7. Certification(s) / Licenses for meeting the local requirements to provide these services at the Huntington VAMC (if applicable) 8. Confirmation that your organization has the capability & expertise to meet the performance requirements while complying with applicable limitations in subcontracting by responding to the questions below with your response: a. Do you intend to self-perform this effort? b. If you are located outside the immediate area, how will you self-perform? c. Or do you intend to subcontract work under this contract? d. If you intend to subcontract work under this contract, how will you ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting? Response Instructions: Responses must be received by Friday 10/09/ 2026 @ 11:00 AM EST. Responses to the information requested above must be submitted via email to William.Galletta@va.gov REFERENCE: VA Maryland Health Care System, VA2237 #. 512-26-3-641-0148 PURPOSE: Contractor shall provide all labor, materials, equipment, and transportation to inspect approximately 375 Fire and Smoke Barrier Doors at the(Baltimore VA Medical Center 10 N. Greene St and Loch Raven 3900 Loch Raven Blvd) facilities. The contractor must deliver a comprehensive report detailing each door's ID, location, condition, maintenance performed, inspector details, and an itemized breakdown of labor, parts, and warranty information. Upon completion of inspections and minor repairs the contractor shall test all functions in the present of VA staff to assure proper safety operations of all fire doors. This will include a detailed description of work performed, any deficiencies the contractor is unable to repair on site, and an itemized breakdown for parts, material and warranty information. GOVERNMENT REQUIREMENT: No open holes or breaks exist in surfaces of either the door or framing. Examine doors, hinges, hardware, frame, and noncombustible thresholds are secured, aligned, and in proper working condition with no visible signs of damage. Inspect gasket and edge seals, where required, to verify their presence and integrity. Ensuring the active door completely closes when operated from the fully open position. Check door clearances at the door edge to the frame, on the pull side of the door, which shall not exceed clearances listed in (4.8.4 and 6.3.1). The Latching hardware will operate and secure the door when it is in the closed position. Any Auxiliary hardware items that prohibit or interfere with operation are not installed on the door or frame and no parts are missing or broken. There will be no open holes or breaks in surfaces of either the door or frame. Glazing, vision light frames, and glazing beads are intact and securely fastened in place, if so equipped The clearances between the door and the frame will be 1/8 +/- 1/16 and the meeting edges of pairs of doors shall be 1/8 +/- for steel doors. The clearances between the door and the frame shall not exceed 1/8 and the clearances at the meeting doors edges of pairs of doors shall not exceed 1/8 for wood doors. If a coordinator is installed, the inactive leaf closes before active leaf. No field modifications to the door assembly have been performed that void the label. Provides a Life Safety drawing which will identify the location and placement of identification stickers on each door. Inspect all Doors in the Customer s facility or otherwise identify Compliant and Non-Compliant Doors, as determined by the LSS Inspector(s). The Guidelines for Door Compliance will be based on The National Fire Protection Association s (NFPA) Code 2010 NFPA 80, Standard for Fire Doors and Other Opening Protectives (the NPFA Code ) Section. Ensure that doors have an average closing speed of not less than 6 in./sec (152 mm/sec) or more than 24 in./sec (610 mm/sec STANDARDS: Any work the Contractor is required to accomplish due to unsatisfactory performance or nonperformance in accordance with the stated quality and level of effort specified in the contract. Rework is performed at no additional cost to the Government. Base plus 4 option years contract. Follow all Infection Control Risk Assessment (ICRA) guidelines for dust control during all construction work. A construction dust Risk Assessment will be conducted by the Medical Center s Infection Control Nurse. Temporary dust barriers may be installed based on this assessment. Bi-weekly inspections of barriers and work areas will be conducted by Infection Control Nurse, Safety Manager, and COR to enforce implementation of risk assessment. Follow Interim Life Safety Measures. Any series of Operational Actions taken to temporarily reduce hazards posed by Life Safety deficiencies which have been created by demolition, renovation, or construction works, and which are to remain in place and in effect for duration of Contract work. Provide interim life safety measures (ILSM) where fire protection, fire suppression or smoke/fire partitions will be shut down or rendered ineffective during construction. Coordinate with VA safety office through VA COR. The ILSM must be always posted outside the work area. All equipment and materials shall be approved prior to being brought on job site. Although normal work hours are Monday through Friday 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., for critical areas that require shutdowns, work shall be completed on normal weekday after hours. Contractor shall make prior arrangements with the COR to coordinate shut-down periods. Also, contractors must decide for sub-contractors to work in secure areas. VA will not grant access to sub-contractors; it is the responsibility of the contractor. Contractor must obtain a burn permit from VA Safety Office prior to any welding, soldering work and burning. All employees of general contractors and subcontractors shall comply with VA security management program and obtain permission of the VA police. The work is in a professional environment; employees must conduct themselves accordingly. Employees shall not use abusive language, carry firearms, or bring alcoholic beverages on site. Employee's dress code shall consist of normal work uniform. Shirts must be always worn. Contractor shall provide general cleaning up to construction area daily to the satisfaction of the VA Project Manager. Hospital smoking policy (NO SMOKING IN THE BUILDING), smoking must be done in approved smoke shelters or at least 35 feet from any building. OSHA and VA CONSTRUCTION SAFETY STANDARDS will be enforced. Contractor must have 30-hour OSHA Construction Safety course. Start up, test, check and adjust all new replacements in the presence of VA COR. Slats, end-locks, bottom bar, guide assembly, curtain entry, hood, and flame baffle are correctly installed and intact for rolling steel fire doors. Mounting and assembly bolts are intact and secure. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: The period of performance will be for a twelve-month period beginning from the month that the contract is awarded and run for twelve consecutive months after, consisting of one (1) year. Then continue the anniversary date for each of the option year. This contract will cross over fiscal years since it will be awarded in the middle of the fiscal year. The contractor shall perform one (1) inspection per year and make minor repairs within that year. VA POINT OF CONTACT: Dudley Brown Maintenance Operation Supervisor. 410-605-7000 Ext. 56040 COMPETENCY OF PERSONNEL SERVICING EQUIPMENT: a. The Field Service Engineer (FSE) MUST be authorized by the contractor to perform maintenance services. The Contractor shall provide written assurance of the competency of their personnel and a list of the credentials of approved FSEs for each model of equipment serviced by the contractor at the VA Maryland Health Care System (VAMHCS) and the Washington, DC Medical Center for CO review and approval. The Contractor must provide authenticated factory training certificates or credentials (or acceptable substitutes as approved by the COR) for any personnel who are servicing or installing any VAMHCS Baltimore and Loch Raven equipment. VAMHCS specifically reserves the right to reject any of the contractor s personnel and refuse permission to work on VA equipment. The Contractor shall furnish and replace all equipment replacement parts. The Contractor shall have ready access to all equipment parts, including unique and hard to find replacement parts, to minimize downtime. Only new standard parts (manufactured by the maker of the equipment or equal thereto) shall be furnished by the Contractor. Rebuild parts, used parts, or those removed from the same model of equipment shall NOT be installed without prior approval of the COR. All parts supplied by the Contractor shall be of current manufacture and have complete versatility with the presently installed equipment. All parts shall perform identically to the original equipment manufacturers specifications.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: William Chris Galletta
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: William.Galletta@va.gov
  - Phone: 410-637-1506

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/70bed7db513744c2bc7475f4e46a6f22/view)