---
layout: default
title: NRL INNOVATION DAY FOR INDUSTRY 2026
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: daade8aa486b48059425657a2970bb51
---

# NRL INNOVATION DAY FOR INDUSTRY 2026

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-25 08:10:24.571-04

## Summary

NOTICE FOR NRL INDUSTRY DAY 2026: NRL INNOVATION DAY FOR INDUSTRY will be held on April 28, 2026 The U.S. Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) is hosting an Innovation Day for Industry, on Apr. 28, 2026, from 1:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. ET at its headquarters in Washington, DC. The purpose of this event is to inform industry and to assess interest in a focused set of emerging technologies that are ready for collaboration with industry partners to advance system-level technologies. Participants will have the opportunity to hear from NRL scientists and engineers, to learn about previous NRL-industry collaborative success stories, to tour the laboratory facilities, and to meet with technology transfer and contracting office representatives. Register for this event to: SHARE comprehensive insights to identify collaborative opportunities COLLABORATE with NRL to enhance innovation in key areas of emerging technology ACCELERATE technology development to enhance warfighter capabilities The NRL Innovation Day for Industry – Apr. 28, 2026, will provide a venue for NRL to discuss potential future opportunities and exchange ideas on the following topics: Materials Science and technologies: Ultra-low Power Magnetic Field Sensors Ultra-High Temperature Strain Measurement via Autogenous Optical Diffraction Programmable Robotic Six-Degree of Freedom Mechanical Testing Systems Multifunctional Materials technologies: Core-shell nanocomposites with enhanced optical, thermal and mechanical properties Chemistry technologies: Low-cost material solution for end-of-life battery deactivation Space Science Technologies Space Weather Instruments FOR MORE INFORMATION VISIT: https://www.nrl.navy.mil/Doing-Business/Innovation-Day/ NRL is prepared to discuss these topics at the appropriate level, either Unclassified, Controlled Unclassified Information, or Classified/Secret. Interested companies should register to participate at the following hyperlink: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=AD4z43fIh0u2rUXpQt4XUPrJwZaeC5hIsLZqpq23RQpURTRZQkhQVzBMU0RUNExBTVlMVjZWUEQyVy4u Please refer to the link for registration information and deadlines. Register by 19 April, 2026. All participants are required to adhere to the government's security base access criteria outlined in the following link: https://www.nrl.navy.mil/Contact-Us/Visitor-Information/ Please follow this posting for additional updates or changes regarding this event. Contact Information for the event: nrl_innovation@us.navy.mil NRL is committed to pioneering scientific and engineering exploration that propels cutting-edge advancements benefiting the U.S. Navy and the U.S. Marine Corps. NRL fosters direct collaborations between the Navy and global industry and academic leaders, serving as a pivotal nexus to research and development initiatives. Our geographical area of operations and customer support extends worldwide, but our base of operation is located at Washington, D.C. DISCLAIMER: IMPORTANT INFORMATION: PURSUANT TO FAR PART 10 (MARKET RESEARCH) – This Industry and Innovation Day is for informational and planning purposes only and shall NOT be construed as a Request for Proposal (RFP). Interested parties are advised the U.S. Government will not pay for or reimburse for any costs associated with attending this event or any information received. This notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government for any purpose other than market research. Failure to attend this event does not preclude participation in any future associated RFP that may be issued. Moreover, failure to attend this event will not per se preclude the licensing of intellectual property; nor will it preclude the entering into cooperative research and development agreements (CRADAs) and/or formal partnerships or teaming arrangements. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the System for Award Management (SAM) website: www.sam.gov. It is the potential vendor’s responsibility to monitor this site for the release of any follow-on information.

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/daade8aa486b48059425657a2970bb51/view)