---
layout: default
title: M-EH IMPROVED BRADLEY ACQUISITION SUBSYSTEM (IBAS) - ADD
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e83be79470e246cbafc84532fb7f624b
---

# M-EH IMPROVED BRADLEY ACQUISITION SUBSYSTEM (IBAS) - ADD

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-22 15:28:43.974-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRRA226R0071

## Summary

THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. REQUEST FOR A SOLICITATION WILL NOT RECEIVE A RESPONSE. THIS SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS (SSS) IS IN SUPPORT OF MARKET RESEARCH BEING CONDUCTED BY THE DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY, REDSTONE ARSENAL, ALABAMA TO IDENTIFY POTENTIAL MANUFACTURING/SUPPLY SOURCES, AND IF FUTURE EFFORTS CAN BE COMPETITIVE OR SET ASIDE FOR SMALL BUSINESS. THE PROPOSED NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEMS (NAICS) CODE AND THE CORRESPONDING SIZE STANDARD OF EMPLOYEES IS LISTED BELOW. THE GOVERNMENT IS SEEKING QUALIFIED SOURCES FOR THE ACQUISITION OF SPARE MISSILE PARTS TO ADD TO THE EXISTING 9-YEAR FIRM-FIXED PRICE, INDEFINITE DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS TYPE CONTRACT (SPRRA2-20-D-0012) FOR THE IMPROVED BRADLEY ACQUISITION SUBSYSTEM (IBAS) IN SUPPORT OF THE US ARMY AVIATION AND MISSILE LIFE CYCLE MANAGEMENT COMMAND (AMCOM) AND THE US ARMY TANK-AUTOMOTIVE & ARMAMENTS COMMAND (TACOM). RECEIVER-TRANSMITTE, NSN: 5895-01-721-1182, PN 13747995 NAICS & SIZE: 334290/800 EMP ELECTRONIC COMPONEN, NSN: 5998-01-721-1715, PN 13748158 NAICS & SIZE: 334412/750 EMP ELECTRONIC COMPONEN, NSN: 5998-01-721-1675, PN 13748157 NAICS & SIZE: 334412/750 EMP CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB, NSN: 5998-01-721-1330, PN 13747978 NAICS & SIZE: 334412/750 EMP POWER SUPPLY, NSN: 6130-01-721-1969, PN 13747977 NAICS & SIZE: 335931/600 EMP VIEWER,NIGHT VISION, NSN: 5855-01-721-1229, PN 13747990 NAICS & SIZE: 334511/1350 EMP HEAD ASSEMBLY,ARMOR, NSN: 1240-01-721-1990, PN 13748010 NAICS & SIZE: 333310/1000 EMP CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB, NSN: 5998-01-721-0725, PN 13748110 NAICS & SIZE: 334412/750 EMP CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB, NSN: 5998-01-721-0699, PN 13748151 NAICS & SIZE: 334412/750 EMP CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB, NSN: 5998-01-721-0913, PN 13748150 NAICS & SIZE: 334412/750 EMP GUIDANCE SET, NSN: 1430-01-721-2985, PN 13702370 NAICS & SIZE: 334511/1350 EMP CAMERA,TELEVISION,S, NSN: 5820-01-721-1797, PN 13748120 NAICS & SIZE: 334220/1250 EMP LASER SHUTTER ASSEM, NSN: 1240-01-721-1943, PN 13783940 NAICS & SIZE: 333310/1000 EMP FIRE CONTROL SUBSYS, NSN: 1430-01-721-3086, PN 13748160 NAICS & SIZE: 334511/1350 EMP OPTICAL COMPONENT A, NSN: 1240-01-721-2087, PN 13690107 NAICS & SIZE: 333310/1000 EMP PANEL,CONTROL,ELECT, NSN: 5895-01-721-1771, PN 13748140 NAICS & SIZE: 334290/800 EMP CIRCUIT CARD ASSEMB, NSN: 5998-01-721-0970, PN 13748149 NAICS & SIZE: 334412/750 EMP THESE ITEMS HAVE BEEN ASSIGNED AMC/AMSC CODE 3, &/OR 4 WHICH REQUIRES THE GOVERNMENT TO ACQUIRE FOR THE FIRST, SECOND OR SUBSEQUENT TIME DIRECTLY FROM THE ACTUAL MANUFACTURER. THE DATA NEEDED TO ACQUIRE THIS PART COMPETITIVELY IS NOT PHYSICALLY AVAILABLE, IT CANNOT BE OBTAINED ECONOMICALLY, NOR IS IT POSSIBLE TO DRAFT ADEQUATE SPECIFICATIONS OR ANY OTHER ADEQUATE, ECONOMICAL DESCRIPTION OF THE MATERIAL FOR A COMPETITIVE SOLICITATION. AS A RESULT, THIS ACQUISITION IS CURRENTLY BEING PROCURED UNDER FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION (FAR) 6.302-1(A)(2) HAVING ONLY A LIMITED NUMBER OF RESPONSIBLE SOURCES. THE GOVERNMENT IS INTERESTED IN ALL BUSINESSES TO INCLUDE 8(A), SMALL BUSINESS AND SMALL DISADVANTAGED BUSINESS, SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED, HUBZONE, AND WOMEN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS. ALL OFFERORS MUST MEET PREQUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS IN ORDER TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR AWARD. THE U.S. ARMY COMBAT CAPABILITIES DEVELOPMENT COMMAND AVIATION & MISSILE CENTER’S (AVMC DEVCOM) SYSTEM READINESS DIRECTORATE (SRD), SUSTAINMENT DIVISION (SD) IS THE ENGINEERING SOURCE AUTHORITY (ESA). FIRMS THAT RECOGNIZE AND CAN PRODUCE THE REQUIRED ITEM DESCRIBED ABOVE ARE ENCOURAGED TO IDENTIFY THEMSELVES. FIRMS ARE ENCOURAGED TO SEEK SOURCE APPROVAL IN ORDER TO COMPETE FOR FUTURE SOLICITATIONS BY CONTACTING THE CONTRACT TEAM. THE CLOSING DATE ANNOTATED IS AN ESTIMATED DATE AND MAY BE ADJUSTED DEPENDENT UPON THE DATE OF RELEASE FOR SOLICITATION; HOWEVER, THE SOLICITATION WILL NOT CLOSE PRIOR TO THE DATE STATED ABOVE. FOREIGN FIRMS ARE REMINDED THAT ALL REQUESTS FOR SOLICITATION MUST BE PROCESSED THROUGH THEIR RESPECTIVE EMBASSIES. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL BE CAPABLE OF SUCCESSFULLY PERFORMING AND COMPLYING WITH ANY AND ALL SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THE SOLICITATION ANNOTATED ABOVE, AT THE UNIT PRICES ESTABLISHED AT TIME OF A CONTRACT AWARD. THE CONTRACTOR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR RECURRING AND NONRECURRING ENGINEERING SERVICES ASSOCIATED WITH BECOMING A QUALIFIED SOURCE. THE CONTRACTOR WILL ALSO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ASPECTS OF THE MANUFACTURING/PRODUCTION PROCESS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT, LOGISTICS, FORECASTING OF PARTS, LONG-LEAD PARTS PROCUREMENT, MATERIAL FORECASTING, OBSOLESCENCE ISSUES AND FINAL DELIVERY OF ASSETS AS WELL AS ANY AND ALL ADDITIONAL COSTS INCURRED RESULTING FROM CONTRACT PERFORMANCE. PROCUREMENT CONSISTS OF TWO OR MORE REQUIREMENTS FOR SUPPLIES, BASED ON FORECASTED DEMANDS. THE SUBSEQUENT SOLICITATION SHALL INCLUDE A REQUEST FOR ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITIES (EOQS) TO ENSURE OPTIMAL ORDERING QUANTITIES. THE EOQ REQUEST, IS TO AVOID ACQUISITIONS IN DISADVANTAGEOUS QUANTITIES AND TO ASSIST THE GOVERNMENT IN DEVELOPING DATA FOR CURRENT AND FUTURE ACQUISITIONS OF THIS ITEM/THESE ITEMS. THE GOVERNMENT ANTICIPATES THE OFFEROR’S PROPOSAL (IN VIEW OF MARKET RESEARCH, HISTORICAL AWARDS, THE NATURE OF THE ITEM(S) BEING SOLICITED, AND THE CURRENT ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT) WILL INCLUDE QUANTITIES/RANGES THAT WILL VARY FROM THOSE BEING SOLICITED. THE SOLICITED QUANTITIES ARE BASED ON ESTIMATED ANNUAL DEMANDS AND AS SUCH GOVERNMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO AWARD THE MOST ADVANTAGEOUS QUANTITIES &/OR RANGES. THE GOVERNMENT RETAINS THE RIGHT TO CANCEL THIS PROCUREMENT, PARTIALLY OR IN ENTIRETY BEFORE AWARD. IN THE EVENT THE GOVERNMENT CANCELS THIS ACQUISITION (PARTIALLY OR IN ENTIRETY) BEFORE AWARD, THE GOVERNMENT HAS NO OBLIGATION TO REIMBURSE AN OFFEROR FOR ANY COSTS. DISCLAIMER: THIS SSS IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATIONAL AND PLANNING PURPOSES. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION (REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL OR REQUEST FOR QUOTATION) OR A PROMISE TO ISSUE A SOLICITATION IN THE FUTURE AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. THIS ACQUISITION MAY CONTAIN TECHNICAL DATA WHOSE EXPORT IS RESTRICTED BY THE ARMS EXPORT CONTROL ACT (TITLE 22, USC., SEC 2751 ET SEQ) OR THE EXPORT ADMINISTRATION ACT (TITLE 50, USC., APP 2401-2402) EXECUTIVE ORDER 12470. ARMS EXPORT INFORMATION CANNOT BE RELEASED OUTSIDE THE UNTIED STATES WITHOUT PRIOR APPROVAL OF THE GOVERNMENT. EXPORT CONTROL REQUIRES THE APPLICABLE CERTIFICATIONS TO BE CURRENT FOR BOTH THE QUOTER AND MANUFACTURER. THE OFFEROR AND ANY SOURCE(S) OF SUPPLY IT WILL USE FOR CONTRACT PERFORMANCE MUST HAVE AN ACTIVE UNITED STATES/CANADA JOINT CERTIFICATION PROGRAM (JCP) CERTIFICATION TO ACCESS EXPORT-CONTROL DATA. DLA DOES NOT INTEND TO DELAY AWARD IN ORDER FOR AN INELIGIBLE OFFER OR ITS SOURCE(S) OF SUPPLY TO APPLY FOR AND RECEIVE AUTHORITY TO ACCESS THE EXPORT-CONTROLLED DATA. THIS ACQUISITION MAY CONTAIN DATA WHICH IS CONSIDERED CRITICAL TECHNOLOGY AND HAS BEEN RESTRICTED FOR RELEASE OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES. RESTRICTED INFORMATION CAN NOT BE RELEASED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES WITHOUT APPROVAL OF THE GOVERNMENT.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Scott Lamothe
  - Email: scott.lamothe@dla.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Becky Brady
  - Email: becky.brady@dla.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e83be79470e246cbafc84532fb7f624b/view)