---
layout: default
title: SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE FOR One (1) Metal Cubic Environmental and Vacuum Chamber
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 3cf4da96252b4b0db12a969f22a1bdee
---

# SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE FOR One (1) Metal Cubic Environmental and Vacuum Chamber

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 13:45:51.462-04
- Solicitation Number: W911QX26QA030

## Summary

Combination Synopsis-Solicitation for Commercial Purchases for under the Simplified Purchase Threshold (SAT) 1. Solicitation Number: W911QX-26-Q-A-030 2. Title: SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE FOR One (1) Metal Cubic Environmental and Vacuum Chamber 3. Classification Code: 6640 4. NAICS Code: 334516 5. Response Date: Five (5) days after date of posting due via email to the Primary Point of Contact listed in SAM.gov for this combined synopsis-solicitation. 6. Description: One (1) Metal Cubic Environmental and Vacuum Chamber Disclaimer: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. NOTICE: THIS PROCUREMENT WILL BE CONDUCTED USING A TIERED EVALUATION OF OFFERS. THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURES WILL BE UTILIZED: THIS A SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE THAT WILL CONVERT TO FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION IF NO ACCEPTABLE OFFERS ARE RECEIVED FROM RESPONSIBLE, SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS. FOR OFFERS TO BE CONSIDERED ACCEPTABLE, THEY MUST MEET ALL TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS CONTAINED IN THE SOLICITATION AND BE COMPETITIVE IN TERMS OF MARKET PRICES, QUALITY, AND DELIVERY. IF ONLY ONE ACCEPTABLE OFFER IS RECEIVED FROM A RESPONSIBLE, SMALL BUSINESS CONCERN, THE CONTRACTING OFFICER WILL CONSIDER AWARDING DIRECTLY TO THAT FIRM, PRIOR TO THE DISSOLUTION OF THE SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE. NO AMENDMENT WILL BE ISSUED TO CONVERT THE SOLICITATION TO FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. IF THE SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE IS DISSOLVED, THE GOVERNMENT WILL AWARD TO THE LARGE BUSINESS WHOSE OFFER IS MOST ADVANTAGEOUS TO THE GOVERNMENT, BASED ON THE REQUIREMENTS AND EVALUATION CRITERIA SET FORTH IN THIS SOLICITATION. ALL INTERESTED PARTIES ARE ENCOURAGED TO RESPOND, REGARDLESS OF BUSINESS SIZE; HOWEVER, THEY MUST DO SO AT THEIR OWN RISK, TAKING INTO ACCOUNT THAT THIS IS A SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE FIRST, AND FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION ONLY AFTER THE ABOVE CRITERIA IS NOT MET. This acquisition is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 effective 13 March 2026. For purposes of this acquisition, the associated NAICS code is 3345160. The small business size standard is 1,000 employees. Contract Line Item (CLIN) Structure: The following is a list of contract line item number(s) and items, quantities and units of measure, (including option(s), if applicable): CLIN 0001: One (1) Metal Cubic Environmental and Vacuum Chamber in accordance with the attached salient characteristics to be shipped via FOB Destination to Aberdeen Proving Ground (APG), Maryland 21005. Specifications/Requirement: Please reference the attached document titled “salient characteristics” Delivery: Delivery is required by no later than (NLT) 16 weeks after contract award (ACA). Delivery shall be made to 6375 Johnson Road, Bldg 321 Aberdeen Proving Ground (APG), Maryland 21005. Acceptance shall be performed at 6375 Johnson Road, Bldg 321 Aberdeen Proving Ground (APG), Maryland 21005. The FOB point is FOB Destination. Clauses: I. The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial, applies to this acquisition. The following addenda have been attached to this provision: In addition to the requirements set for the in FAR 52.212-1, all offers responding to this solicitation must provide their business size in relation to the NAICS code contained in this solicitation and shall identify any socioeconomic categories to which they belong. II. Evaluation Criteria - The specific evaluation criteria to be used are as follows: In accordance with FAR 13.106-2(b)(3), comparative evaluation procedures will be utilized. Comparative evaluation is the comparison of all offers received in response to this solicitation against each other. An item-by-item comparison of each offer to one another will be performed to determine which offer provides the most benefit to the Government. Award will be made to the offer that is most advantageous to the Government. The Government may award to the lowest priced offeror that meets the Government’s minimum requirements; however, the Government reserves the right to award to a higher priced offeror exceeding the minimum requirements if it is most advantageous to the Government. In order to be considered for award, an offer must meet the Government’s minimum technical requirement contained in this solicitation. The below evaluation factors will be utilized during evaluation (in no order of relative importance): Price Technical Capabilities/Specification Past Performance III. Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3 (with its Alternate I), Offeror Representations with its offer: None IV. The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The following addenda have been attached to this clause: None V. The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items and the selected clauses listed in DFARS

212.301 Solicitation provisions and Contract Clauses for the Acquisition of Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The following additional FAR/DFARS clauses cited in this clause are applicable: FAR: 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) 52.204-7, System for Award Management (Nov 2024) 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance (Oct 2018)52.204-19, Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications (Dec 2024) 52.209-6, Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded (Jan 2025) 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Nov 2015) 52.219-1, Solicitation provisions and contract clauses (Feb 2024) 52.219-28, Postaward Small Business Program Representation (Jan 2025) 52.222-3, Convict Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jun 2003) 52.222-19, Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan 2025) 52.225-13, Restrictions On Certain Foreign Purchases (Jun 2008) 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (May 2024) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management (Oct 2018) 52.232-39, Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations (Jun 2013) 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) 52.233-3, Protest after Award (Aug 1996) 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) 52.240-91, Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (Nov 2025) 52.247-34, F.O.B. Destination (Nov 1991) DFARS: 252.203-7000, Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD officials (Sep 2011) 252.203-7002, Requirements to Inform Employees of Whistleblower (Dec 2022) 252.203-7005, Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials (Sep 2022) 252.204-7000, Disclosure of Information (Oct 2016) 252.204-7003, Control of Government Personnel Work Product (Apr 1992) 252.204-7015, Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support (Jan 2023) 252.204-7016, Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation (Dec 2019) 252.204-7017, Prohibition On the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation (May 2021) 252.204-7018, Prohibition On the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services (Jan 2023) 252.223-7008, Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium (Jun 2023) 252.225-7000, Buy American Statute—Balance of Payments Program Certificate (Feb 2024) 252.225-7001, Buy American Act and Balance of Payments Program (Feb 2024) 252.225-7007, Prohibition on Acquisition of Certain Items from Communist Chinese Military Companies (Dec 2018) 252.225-7012, Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities (Apr 2022) 252.225-7013, Duty Free Entry (Nov 2023) 252.225-7046, Exports by Approved Community Members in Response to the Solicitation (Jun 2013) 252.225-7048, Export-Controlled Items (June 2013) 252.225-7055, Representation Regarding Business Operations With The Maduro Regime (May 2022) 252.225-7056, Prohibition Regarding Business Operations With The Maduro Regime (Jan 2023) 252.225-7059, Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region–Representation (Jun 2023) 252.225-7060, Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (Jun 2023) 252.232-7010, Levies on Contract Payment (Dec 2006) 252.243-7001, Pricing of Contract Modifications (Dec 1991) 252.244-7000, Subcontractors for Commercial Products or Commercial Services (Nov 2023) 252.246-7008, Sources of Electrical Parts (Jan 2023) 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies by Sea (Jan 2023) VI. The following additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions apply (full text of all FAR/DFARS clauses that contain fill-in information, as well as Special Instructions and Information found in the attached Adelphi Special Instructions and Information document): FULL TEXT CLAUSES: 52.204-24, Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (Nov 2021) 52.204-25, Prohibition On Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment 52.204-26, Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation (Oct 2020) 52.252-1, Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) 252.211-7003, Item Unique Identification and Valuation (Jan 2023) 252.232-7006, Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions (Jan 2023) Adelphi Local Full Text Attachment: o ACC-APG POINT OF CONTACT o TECHNICAL POINT OF CONTACT o TYPE OF CONTRACT o GOVERNMENT INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE o TAX EXEMPTION CERT. (ARL) o DUTY FREE ENTRY o PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS o RECEIVING ROOM – APG o EXCEPTIONS IN PROPOSAL o AWARD OF CONTRACT o ADELPHI CONTRACTING DIVISION WEBSITE o FOREIGN NATIONALS PERFORMING o PAYMENT TERMS VII. This acquisition is rated under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) as N/A. VIII. The following notes apply to this announcement: The Government is contemplating a Commercial, Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Contract type for this requirement under FAR Part 13 Simplified Acquisition Procedures (SAP). IN accordance with FAR 32.003, contract financing cannot be provided for this acquisition. Place of Delivery: Shipping and Receiving 6375 Johnson Road, Bldg 321 Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD 21005, USA Set Aside: 100% Small Business Set Aside

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Crystal L. Demby
  - Email: crystal.l.demby.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Zachary Dowling
  - Email: zachary.a.dowling2.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5206729587

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3cf4da96252b4b0db12a969f22a1bdee/view)