---
layout: default
title: Organic Industrial Base (OIB) and Indirect Fires Munitions Industry Day
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: baa0154972934003ace2c63c38eba322
---

# Organic Industrial Base (OIB) and Indirect Fires Munitions Industry Day

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-30 08:05:31.553-04
- Solicitation Number: W519TC-OIBINDUSTRYDAY

## Summary

March 30, 2026 Q&A posted March 25, 2026 Slides posted and a note from Ms. Armer: Industry Partners, I want to take a moment to express my deepest gratitude to all of you—our industry partners for your active participation and engagement. Your presence at our Organic Industrial Base Industry Day underscores the critical role that industry plays in supporting the Army’s mission to sustain, modernize, and strengthen the OIB. The insights, expertise, and innovative ideas you’ve shared are invaluable as we work together to address the challenges of today and prepare for the demands of tomorrow. The OIB is the backbone of Army readiness, and it is through partnerships like these that we can ensure its continued success. Your contributions—whether through advanced technologies, innovative solutions, or collaborative efforts—are essential to building a resilient, modern, and efficient industrial base capable of meeting the needs of our warfighters. I want to thank you for your time, your commitment, and your dedication to this shared mission. The discussions and ideas exchanged will help shape the future of the OIB and ensure that we remain ready to respond to any challenge, anywhere, at any time. As we move forward, I encourage you to stay engaged, continue the dialogue, and explore opportunities to collaborate with us. Together, we can achieve great things for the Army, the warfighter, and our nation. As a reminder opportunities are posted on SAM.gov. Make sure you are registered and are set up to receive notices. Provided below are a few direct links to announcements that were discussed. IAAAP Sources sought: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c7f2eb78400445ca97a45caff2fd05cc/view RFI for investment in all Army Installations: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f825eabd94884cc3b534bfde1927ccd9/view UAS: https://marketplace.gocolosseum.org/ OTA: https://cornerstone.army.mil/ BGAD Energetics Center of Excellence: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7b996fd4298847719426ddf8e85cedbd/view BGAD Flex Line: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7652921ff4354d8fbfbe43aeaa5ff1ab/view Thank you again for your participation, and I look forward to working with you as we advance the OIB and strengthen our collective capabilities. Respectfully, Lynda R. Armer Executive Director Army Contracting Command – Rock Island CCRI 3055 Rodman Avenue Rock Island, IL 61299-8000 March 5, 2026 Note: This posting has been updated to include the following attachments: "Items Components Needed," "Installation Enablers," and "Revised JMC Installation Handbook." Army Contracting Command – Rock Island (ACC-RI), on behalf of Portfolio Acquisition Executive Agile Sustainment and Ammunition (PAE AS&A) and Army Material Command (AMC) plans to hold an Organic Industrial Base (OIB) and Indirect Fires Munitions Industry Day on 19-20 March 2026 at the Hilton Parsippany located at One Hilton Court, Parsippany, NJ 07054. Registration for the event is now active and closes on 27 February 2026. As indicated in the previous announcement, the intention of this Industry Day is to discuss opportunities available across the OIB for Public-Private-Partnerships (P3) and/or Co-Production at the Government Owned, Government Operated (GOGO) installations and Armament Retooling and Manufacturing Support (ARMS) Program at the Government Owned, Contractor Operated (GOCO) installations. The Government will also provide an overview of Enhanced Use Leases (EUL). The Government is seeking input from both traditional and non-traditional defense contractors in shaping the outlook for P3s, Co-Production and ARMS across the OIB. The Government plans to also highlight key areas where industry can address critical gaps and contribute to strengthening our capabilities. Additionally, Program Manager Combat Ammunitions System (PM CAS) will provide information on project planning for Mortar and Artillery Munition Development and Production Opportunities, including 60/81/120mm Mortar Cartridge and 105/155mm Projectile Load/Assemble/Pack (LAP), Metal Parts, Fuzes, Propellants, Primers, and associated materials. General Session The General Session will be 4 hours in length and cover both the OIB Industry Day opportunities and the Indirect Fires Munitions Industry Day information. A draft agenda is provided below. Please note, this is a draft agenda and the Government reserves the right to modify as required. DAY 1: 19 MAR 2026 0715-0755 - Registration/Check-In 0800-0830 - Opening Comments & Government Introductions 0830-0845 - EUL Overview 0845-0900 - P3 Overview 0900-0945 - Site-by-site GOGO Overview Break 1000-1045 - GOCO Overview GOCO MATOC Update ARMS Overview IAAAP Overview 1045-1145 - Mortar and Artillery Munition; Development and Production; Opportunities Execution 1145-1215 - Munitions Supply Chain Risk Management 1215-1300 - Break for Lunch 1300-1700 - One-on-One Meetings DAY 2: 20 MAR 2026 0800-1200 - One-on-One Meetings Participation in the General Session is limited to 4 individuals per company due to size capacity at the event. In the event registrations exceed the size capacity limitations, the Government may further limit the number of individuals per company. Registration confirmation will be coordinated through the POC identified in the form. A valid email address must be provided or the Government will be unable to contact you and confirm attendance. Indirect Fires One-on-One Sessions In the form, indicate your company’s desire to schedule a one-on-one meeting with PM CAS representatives to discuss Indirect Fires Munitions. The Government is interested in discussing Industry’s input on multi-year contracting during these one-on-ones. Specifically, Industry’s experiences in multi-year contracting, benefits to the contractor, and as a result, what benefits the Government would see if it pursued multi-year contracting opportunities. The Government is also interested in hearing any drawbacks contractors have experienced in multi-year contracting. If requesting a one-on-one for this event, the Government would request Industry provide examples of successful implementation of multi-year contracting and be prepared to discuss during the meeting. Please submit white papers to the POC in this notice ahead of the event. OIB P3 and/or Co-production Opportunities One-on-One Sessions In this announcement, the Government is providing material relating to each GOGO site to facilitate discussion of P3s and/or Co-Production opportunities during the OIB portion of the event. See reference document ‘GOGO Site Snapshot’ for an overview of the features of each location. Further information will be provided at the General Session, as well. The Government requests Industry review this documentation and then register for the general session and sign up for subsequent one-on-one meetings to foster exchange of ideas for P3 and/or Co-production opportunities with representatives from each of the sites. White papers are not requested ahead of this event; however, the Government may request them after conducting one-on-ones to further explore opportunities discussed. If registering for an OIB one-on-one, you must indicate your level of interest in meeting with each site location and then rank your preferences to meet with each site. Due to anticipated large volume of one-on-one requests, the Government will use the data submitted to best schedule one-on-one meetings to align Government and Industry interests. Please note that ranking a specific site first on your preference list may not result in a meeting with that site. The Government will do its best to accommodate within the time slots available. Instructions for Registration Registration for the General Session and both one-on-one meeting requests can be done via the link attached to this notice: OIB and Indirect Fire Munitions Industry Day Registration Link. See instructions below. For both one-on-one opportunities, length of time per session is to be determined based on interest. The Government will coordinate to ensure maximum participation, but due to availability of personnel and time slots, cannot guarantee all one-on-one requests will be granted. You will be promptly notified after registration closes of whether or not a one-on-one has been scheduled and, if so, the time and location of your session. If you have any questions regarding the event, please reach out to the ACC-RI Source Selection Support Center of Excellence (S3COE) team at usarmy.ria.acc.mbx.s3coe@army.mil. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- February 3, 2026: Title has been updated and additional details have been incorporated and underlined below. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Army Contracting Command - Rock Island (ACC-RI), on behalf of Portfolio Acquisition Executive Agile Sustainment and Ammunition (PAE AS&A) and Army Materiel Command (AMC) plans to hold an Industry Day on 19-20 March 2026 at the Hilton Parsippany located at One Hilton Court, Parsippany, NJ 07054. This posting is to notify Industry of the Government's intent to hold the Industry Day and subsequent one-on-one sessions to assist with planning and travel arrangements. Registration information for the general session and one-on-one meetings will be forthcoming in a subsequent posting. The intention of the Industry Day is to discuss opportunities available across the Organic Industrial Base (OIB) for Public-Private-Partnerships (P3) and/or Co-Production at the Government Owned, Government Operated (GOGO) installations and Armament Retooling and Manufacturing Support (ARMS) Program at the Government Owned, Contractor Operated (GOCO) installations. The Government will also provide an overview of Enhanced Use Leases (EUL). The Government is seeking input from both traditional and non-traditional defense contractors in shaping the outlook for P3s, Co-Production and ARMS across the OIB. The USG plans to also highlight key areas where industry can address critical gaps and contribute to strengthening our capabilities. Additionally, Program Manager Combat Ammunition Systems (PM CAS) will provide information on project planning for Mortar and Artillery Munition Development and Production Opportunities including 60/81/120mm Mortar Cartridge and 105/155mm Projectile Load/Assemble/Pack (LAP), Metal Parts, Fuzes, Propellants, Primers, and associated materials. The Government will provide additional information specific to sites across the OIB in subsequent updates prior to the Industry Day event. If you have any questions regarding the event, please reach out to the ACC-RI Source Selection Support Center of Excellence (S3COE) team at usarmy.ria.acc.mbx.s3coe@army.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: ACC-RI S3COE Team
  - Email: usarmy.ria.acc.mbx.s3coe@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/baa0154972934003ace2c63c38eba322/view)