---
layout: default
title: J--PERFORM AFTERCOOLER CORE SERVICING NOAA SHIP
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: c66d6daacbcf44ca9bbb453204c53a23
---

# J--PERFORM AFTERCOOLER CORE SERVICING NOAA SHIP

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 18:28:06.372-04
- Solicitation Number: 1333MK26Q0057

## Summary

Amendment 0001 to Solicitation 1333MK26Q0057 is for the following: 1. Update the first three Contract Line Items Numbers (CLINS) as follows: 0001 Perform Aftercooler Core Servicing on the NOAA Ship Ferdinand Hassler in accordance with the attached statement of work. Period of Performance: 6/22-26/2026 Place of Performance: NOAA Ship Ferdinand Hassler Marine Operation Center Atlantic 439 West York Street Norfolk, VA 23510 0002 Perform Aftercooler Core Servicing on the NOAA Ship Ferdinand Hassler in accordance with the attached statement of work. Period Of Performance: 09/07-10/2026 Place Of Performance: NOAA Ship Ferdinand Hassler Charleston Marine Support Facility 1050 Register Street Charleston, SC 29405 0003 Perform Aftercooler Core Servicing on the NOAA Ship Ferdinand Hassler in accordance with the attached statement of work. Period Of Performance: 11/02-30/2026 Place Of Performance: NOAA Ship Ferdinand Hassler NOAA Marine Facility 29 Wentworth Road New Castle NH 03854 2. Update the Statement of work for the above change 3. Extend the Offer due date please refer to SAM.gov 4. All of the Other Terms and Condition Remain the same 5. End of Amendment 0001 THIS IS A COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FORMAT IN FAR SUBPART 12.6, AS SUPPLEMENTED WITH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION; QUOTES ARE BEING REQUESTED AND A WRITTEN SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE ISSUED. THIS SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION 1333MK26Q0057 CONSTITUTES A REQUEST FOR QUOTATION (RFQ) AND INCORPORATES PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES IN EFFECT THROUGH FEDERAL ACQUISITION CIRCULAR 2026-01. THE NATIONAL OCEANIC ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION (NOAA), OFFICE OF MARINE & AVIATION OPERATIONS (OMAO), NOAA SHIP FERDINAND HASLER REQUEST AFTER COOLER SERVICE ONBOARD THE SHIP. CLIN DESCRIPTION QUANTITY UNIT PRICE TOTAL PRICE 0001 PERFORM AFTERCOOLER CORE SERVICING ON THE NOAA SHIP FERDINAND HASSLER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: 4/27/2026 – 05/01/2026 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: NOAA SHIP FERDINAND HASSLER NC PORT AUTHORITY 113 ARENDELL ST. MOREHEAD CITY, NC 28557 0002 PERFORM AFTERCOOLER CORE SERVICING ON THE NOAA SHIP FERDINAND HASSLER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: 6/22-26/2026 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: NOAA SHIP FERDINAND HASSLER MARINE OPERATION CENTER ATLANTIC 439 WEST YORK STREET NORFOLK, VA 23510 0003 PERFORM AFTERCOOLER CORE SERVICING ON THE NOAA SHIP FERDINAND HASSLER IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: 09/07-10/2026 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: NOAA SHIP FERDINAND HASSLER CHARLESTON MARINE SUPPORT FACILITY 1050 REGISTER STREET CHARLESTON, SC 29405 ADDITIONAL ITEM REQUIREMENTS (AIR): THESE ITEMS RELATE TO GROWTH WORK. THE RATES QUOTED WILL BE USED THROUGHOUT THE LIFE OF THE CONTRACT IF GROWTH WORK IS ADDED TO THE SCOPE OF THE CONTRACT [REFERENCE COMMERCE ACQUISITION REGULATION (CAR) CLAUSE 1352.271-72]. IF AIRS ARE ISSUED, THESE ITEMS WILL BE AWARDED AT THE QUANTITIES NEEDED VIA A CONTRACT MODIFICATION. CLIN 0004 GROWTH WORK **PROVIDE BREAKDOWN, AS FOLLOWS: AIRS/GROWTH HOURLY LABOR RATE** REGULAR LABOR RATE__________________PER HOUR OVERTIME RATE____________________PER HOUR HOLIDAY/WEEKEND OVERTIME _________________PER HOUR. THE GOVERNMENT WILL AWARD A FIRM FIXED PRICE CONTRACT BASED ON BEST VALUE TO THE GOVERNMENT: PAST EXPERIENCE/ PERFORMANCE, AND BEST PRICE. THIS ACQUISITION IS A 100% SMALL BUSINESS SET ASIDE UNDER THE NAICS CODE 336611, SHIP BUILDING AND REPAIRING, WITH THE SIZE STANDARD OF 1,300 EMPLOYEES AND THE PRODUCT SERVICE CODE IS J020. PLEASE REVIEW THE ATTACHED RFQ 1333MK26Q0057 AND PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION WITH YOUR OFFER, FAILURE TO PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTATION MAY BE EXCLUDED FROM CONSIDERATION. 1. PLEASE PROVIDE NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, SAM UEI, CAGE #, AND TAX ID. 2. AN ITEMIZED/DETAIL BREAKDOWN COST OF THE QUOTE THAT WILL REFLECT THE ENTIRE PRICE UNDER THIS RFQ. (THAT WOULD INCLUDE ONLY IF APPLICABLE THE FOLLOWING: PARTS, LABOR, TRAVEL, ETC.). 3. VENDOR SHALL PROVIDE A PLAN ON HOW THEY WILL MEET AND OR EXCEED THE PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE. 4. A COPY OF THE LIABILITY INSURANCE (PLEASE ENSURE IS UP TO DATE). 5. INCLUDE STATEMENT SPECIFYING THE EXTENT OF AGREEMENT WITH ALL TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND PROVISION INCLUDED IN THE RFQ. QUOTES THAT REJECT THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE RFQ MAY BE EXCLUDED FROM CONSIDERATION. 6. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF SOLICITATION AMENDMENTS (SF-30) IF ANY. 7. VENDOR SHALL BE AN AUTHORIZED VENDOR, DEALER, DISTRIBUTOR, OR SERVICE PROVIDER FROM THE OEM (CARTERPILLAR) AND OR A CERTIFIED CATERPILLAR TECHNICIAN AND PROVIDE AN AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTOR/ VENDOR SERVICE LETTER OR PROVIDE ACTUAL CERTIFICATIONS FROM THE OEM. 8. VENDOR SHALL PROVIDE AT LEAST THREE DETAIL JOBS WITH REFERENCES PERFORMED WITHIN THE PAST THREE YEARS THAT ARE THE SAME OR SIMILAR IN SCOPE SPECIFICALLY WITH CARTERPILLAR COOLER SERVICE. VENDOR SHALL PROVIDE A POINT OF CONTACT THAT INCLUDES NAME, TELEPHONE NUMBER, EMAILS, CONTRACT VALUE AND A DETAIL DESCRIPTION OF THE WORK PERFORMED. ALL RESPONSIBLE SOURCES MAY SUBMIT A QUOTATION, WHICH SHALL BE CONSIDERED BY THE AGENCY. QUOTES MUST BE SUBMITTED VIA ELECTRONIC MEANS (EMAIL) NO LATER THAN APRIL 23, 2026 AT 12:00 P.M. EASTERN TIME (ET.) TO ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV. THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR NON-RECEIPT OF EMAIL. ALL QUESTIONS MUST BE SUBMITTED IN WRITING TO ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV BY APRIL 20, 2025 AT 12:00P.M. ET. TELEPHONE INQUIRIES WILL NOT BE HONORED. CONTRACTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO REGISTER WITH THE HTTPS:// BETA.SAM.GOV/VENDOR NOTIFICATION SERVICE AS WELL AS THE INTERESTED VENDORS LIST FOR THIS ACQUISITION (SEE APPLICABLE TAB WITHIN HTTPS://SAM.GOV/ WHERE THIS SYNOPSIS/ SOLICITATION IS POSTED). QUOTERS MUST BE REGISTERED IN THE SAM DATABASE TO BE CONSIDERED FOR AWARD. REGISTRATION IS FREE AND CAN BE COMPLETED ON-LINE AT HTTPS://BETA.SAM.GOV/. PLEASE SEE ATTACHED: 1. SF1449 1333MK26Q0057 WITH CLAUSES AND PROVISIONS. .

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: CANCELA, ALEXANDER
  - Email: ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c66d6daacbcf44ca9bbb453204c53a23/view)