---
layout: default
title: FY26 GSA Streamlined Retail Electric Solicitation
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: e1f35c9cc0684c21a8656a48a13b8974
---

# FY26 GSA Streamlined Retail Electric Solicitation

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 17:00:32.698-04
- Solicitation Number: 47PA0826R0001

## Summary

Amendment 0004: This amendment is being issued to change or update the following items in the FY26 Electricity Solicitation. 1) Provide answers to questions submitted in response to Exhibit 1 for this solicitation. 2) Updated the Attachment 3 - Economic Price Adjustment components for PJM, NYISO, and MISO. Provide answers to questions submitted in response to Exhibit 1 for this solicitation. Changes are highlighted. 3) Updated Attachment 13 - Final Exhibit 1 for PJM auctions. See the updates sheet for the list of updates. Amendment 0003: This amendment is being issued to change or update the following items in the FY26 Electricity Solicitation. 1) Updated the Attachment 3 - Price Component Confirmation Tables for PJM, NYISO and MISO. Changes were made to the PJM table and are highlighted. 2) Updated Attachment 13 - Final Exhibit 1 for PJM auctions. See the "Updates" sheet for the list of updates. Amendment 0002:This amendment is being issued to change or update the following items in the FY26 Electricity Solicitation: 1) Provide answers to questions submitted in response to the solicitation. 2) Updated the Attachment 3 - Economic Price Adjustment components for PJM, NYISO, and MISO. Changes are highlighted. 3) Updated Attachment 13 - Final Exhibit 1 for PJM auctions. 4) Updated solicitation - Changes are highlighted 5) New document provided "Tips on Preparing a Subcontracting Plan. . Amendment 0001: This amendment is being issued to change or update the following items in the FY26 Electricity Solicitation: 1) Changed the due date for technical proposals from 2/19/2026 to 2/26/2026 at 3:00 PM EST. 2) Updated the Attachment 12 - Pre-Proposal Call Schedule to update the PJM dates 3) Updated Attachment 13 - Preliminary Exhibit 1 to update the Projected Auction Date for PJM auctions from 3/11/2026 to 3/18/2026. The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) intends to award a contract(s) for the supply of all electricity supply commodity components up to the Delivery Points as specified in Attachment 13: Preliminary Exhibit 1 of this solicitation. Pricing to the Delivery Point shall include all cost components specified in Attachment 3: Price Component Confirmation Tables of this solicitation. The Contractor shall supply the full requirements of such electricity for a term of up to sixty (60) months for the full monthly billing cycles. GSA will place a Final Exhibit 1 file(s) of its requirements into pricing groups, as indicated in Attachment 13: Preliminary Exhibit 1. Multiple awards are contemplated for this solicitation. Contracts may be awarded at different times throughout the fiscal year as specified in Attachment 13: Preliminary Exhibit 1. Note the preliminary auction dates may be updated by GSA, notice will be provided to Offerors who are deemed technically acceptable by GSA for each auction. All responsible sources are encouraged to submit a responsive and complete proposal. Any contract award(s) will only be made to an offeror, who, at the time of award, is licensed in the applicable state to provide electric supply to retail electric customers. Technical proposals must be received no later than 3:00 p.m. EST on February 19, 2026. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact GSA Retail Utility Services Division by sending an email directly to the Point of Contacts below. Points of Contact: Mark West, 202-710-4642, Mark2.West@gsa.gov Brenna Lanphear, 214-707-6483, brenna.lanphear@gsa.gov Romon McCord, 470-421-6217, romon.mccord@gsa.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: mark west
  - Email: mark2.west@gsa.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brenna Lanphear
  - Email: Brenna.Lanphear@gsa.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for this solicitation. 2) Updated the Attachment 3 - Economic Price Adjustment components for PJM, NYISO, and MISO. Provide answers to questions submitted in response to Exhibit 1 for this solicitation. Changes are highlighted. 3) Updated Attachment 13 - Final Exhibit 1 for PJM auctions. See the updates sheet for the list of updates. Amendment 0003: This amendment is being issued to change or update the following items in the FY26 Electricity Solicitation. 1) Updated the Attachment 3 - Price Component Confirmation Tables for PJM, NYISO and MISO. Changes were made to the PJM table and are highlighted. 2) Updated Attachment 13 - Final Exhibit 1 for PJM auctions. See the "Updates" sheet for the list of updates. Amendment 0002:This amendment is being issued to change or update the following items in the FY26 Electricity Solicitation: 1) Provide answers to questions submitted in response to the solicitation. 2) Updated the Attachment 3 - Economic Price Adjustment components for PJM, NYISO, and MISO. Changes are highlighted. 3) Updated Attachment 13 - Final Exhibit 1 for PJM auctions. 4) Updated solicitation - Changes are highlighted 5) New document provided "Tips on Preparing a Subcontracting Plan. . Amendment 0001: This amendment is being issued to change or update the following items in the FY26 Electricity Solicitation: 1) Changed the due date for technical proposals from 2/19/2026 to 2/26/2026 at 3:00 PM EST. 2) Updated the Attachment 12 - Pre-Proposal Call Schedule to update the PJM dates 3) Updated Attachment 13 - Preliminary Exhibit 1 to update the Projected Auction Date for PJM auctions from 3/11/2026 to 3/18/2026. The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) intends to award a contract(s) for the supply of all electricity supply commodity components up to the Delivery Points as specified in Attachment 13: Preliminary Exhibit 1 of this solicitation. Pricing to the Delivery Point shall include all cost components specified in Attachment 3: Price Component Confirmation Tables of this solicitation. The Contractor shall supply the full requirements of such electricity for a term of up to sixty (60) months for the full monthly billing cycles. GSA will place a Final Exhibit 1 file(s) of its requirements into pricing groups, as indicated in Attachment 13: Preliminary Exhibit 1. Multiple awards are contemplated for this solicitation. Contracts may be awarded at different times throughout the fiscal year as specified in Attachment 13: Preliminary Exhibit 1. Note the preliminary auction dates may be updated by GSA, notice will be provided to Offerors who are deemed technically acceptable by GSA for each auction. All responsible sources are encouraged to submit a responsive and complete proposal. Any contract award(s) will only be made to an offeror, who, at the time of award, is licensed in the applicable state to provide electric supply to retail electric customers. Technical proposals must be received no later than 3:00 p.m. EST on February 19, 2026. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact GSA Retail Utility Services Division by sending an email directly to the Point of Contacts below. Points of Contact: Mark West, 202-710-4642, Mark2.West@gsa.gov Brenna Lanphear, 214-707-6483, brenna.lanphear@gsa.gov Romon McCord, 470-421-6217, romon.mccord@gsa.gov

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e1f35c9cc0684c21a8656a48a13b8974/view