---
layout: default
title: 6520--VISN 5 Dental CBCT Replacements
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 67b3d96c6e12410bb9ca6c4ba08f851e
---

# 6520--VISN 5 Dental CBCT Replacements

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 15:05:23.107-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0431
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis-Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2026-01 3/13/2026. This solicitation is set-aside for SDVOSB The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 339114, with a small business size standard of 1200 employees. The FSC/PSC is 6520. The Department of Veteran Affairs Network Contracting Office 5 Satellite Office located at 510 Butler Ave., Martinsburg, WV 25405 is seeking to purchase Cone-Beam Computed Technology (CBCT) systems as described in the Statement of Work and Price Schedule. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services Line Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0001 Beckley VA Medical Center - CBCT Replacement 2 ea 0002 Beckley VA Medical Center - Training 6 dy 0003 Beckley VA Medical Center - Deinstallation and Installation 2 jb 00004 Louis A. Johnson VA Medical Center - CBCT Replacement 1 ea 0005 Louis A. Johnson VA Medical Center - Training 3 dy 0006 Louis A. Johnson VA Medical Center - Deinstallation and Installation 1 jb 0007 VA Maryland Healthcare System - CBCT Replacement 1 ea 0008 VA Maryland Healthcare System - Training 3 dy 0009 VA Maryland Healthcare System - Deinstallation and Installation 1 jb 0010 Washington DC VA Medical Center - CBCT Replacements 3 ea 0011 Washington DC VA Medical Center - Training 9 dy 0012 Washington DC VA Medical Center - Deinstallation and Installation 3 jb STATEMENT OF WORK ----------------- Cone-Beam CT System Replacements GENERAL: Scope of Services: The purpose of this requirement is to acquire replacement cone-beam computed tomography (CBCT) systems for VISN 5 medical centers. This requirement will replace a total of seven (7) units across the Beckley, Clarksburg, Maryland and Washington VA Medical Centers. This requirement shall include all hardware, software and installation services necessary to put these systems into use as well as training for all staff on use of the new equipment. Locations: Beckley VA Medical Center, 200 Veterans Ave, Beckley WV 25801-6444 Louis A. Johnson VA Medical Center, 1 Medical Center Drive, Clarksburg WV 26301 VA Maryland Healthcare System, 10 N Greene St, Baltimore, MD 21201 Washington DC VA Medical Center, 50 Irving Street, NW, Washington DC 20422 Performance Period: Install to be completed by 12/31/26 (with extension if necessary due to site specific factors that delay installation) WORK HOURS: Hours of Operation: Normal business hours are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., excluding holidays. Should the Contractor require work afterhours, the Contractor shall arrange in advance with the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). Delivery Hours: The Warehouse is open to receive deliveries Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., excluding holidays. National Holidays: The holidays observed by the Federal Government are: New Year s Day, Martin Luther King Day, President s Day, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veteran s Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day and any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States to be a national holiday. Contractor may work on holidays with prior communication and coordination. SPECIFICATIONS: Technical Requirements The procurement shall include seven (7) systems total with panoramic and CBCT imaging capability. The procurement shall include cephalometric imaging capability for two units, both to be installed at the Washington DC VAMC. Panoramic field of view must be selectable and include at least the following minimum/maximum settings: Minimum 4 cm x 4 cm Maximum 16 cm x 10 cm (TMJ must be able to be captured) CBCT function must allow for a minimum slice thickness of 75 micrometers. System must include scatter reduction software for CBCT image acquisition. Power Requirements Systems must be able to be installed on either 120V or 240V circuits depending on site specific needs. Beckley: 240V Clarksburg: 240V Washington: 120V VA Maryland: 240V Image Workflow Requirements: Systems must come equipped with all necessary sensors/detectors required to acquire all specified imaging modes. Systems must come with all necessary software for image acquisition for all specified imaging modes. Systems must come with associated workstation if required for image acquisition for all specified imaging modes. Systems must be able to pull Modality Worklist through the applicable modality worklist server provided by the VA. Images must be acquired and stored in DICOM format for transfer amongst VA systems. The system DICOM conformance statement must be provided upon request. Images must be archivable to MiPACS storage server. Images must be either viewable in MiPACS Dental Enterprise Viewer or have a validated plugin link that allows them to be launched directly from the viewer interface. Networking Requirements: The system requires connection to the VA network. The Contractor shall complete the VA s required documentation. Should the manufacturer of the equipment not have an approved Enterprise Risk Analysis completed, this will be required in order to fully install the system on the network. Following purchase, the VA will provide specific network information for the configuration of the system. If remote support is required, the Contractor must have a completed MOU/ISA. Contractor shall provide two copies of the operating and service manuals. Delivery Requirements Delivery is required within two weeks of projected installation date to the applicable VAMC. Delivery shall be coordinated with COR, site designated representatives. Installation Requirements Full installation of the system shall be included as a part of this contract. All parts, materials, tools, labor, and travel to complete the installation shall be included as a part of this contract. Contractor is required to complete all configuration for the system to be usable. Contractor shall provide validation that the system is fully functional upon completion of the installation/implementation. Patient Health Information The Contractor shall safeguard patient health information. The Contractor shall report to the Biomedical Engineering Department any issues with disclosed or unsecure patient health information. De-Installation Requirements Deinstallation of the existing 7 systems is required The contractor is responsible for deinstallation and disposal of the x-ray tube in accordance with state/federal regulations. The VA will handle disposal of all other hardware outside of the x-ray tube. Contractor shall not remove any hard-drives or storage systems containing sensitive or patient health information. Training Requirements Contract shall include training for the end-users in the operation of the system. Training shall be on the function and use of the device, in addition to any software/applications. Training shall be on-site for three days. Contract shall include basic training for technical staff. Training shall cover basic maintenance, troubleshooting, and repair of the system. Training shall be provided during the installation process prior to the system being live for patient care. Contractor Requirements All Contractor personnel performing installation services of the equipment shall have factory training and experience in the implementation of the equipment. Contractor shall provide copies of training certificates for the Contractor personnel performing work on-site upon the request of the Government. Warranty Information The equipment shall have a warranty of 1 year from the full installation/acceptance of the equipment. Warranty support shall include repair of the system Warranty support shall include preventative maintenance of the system. Warranty support shall include all parts, materials, labor, and travel to complete the repair or maintenance. Requests for warranty support shall be made to the telephone support number provided by the Contractor. Warranty support requests shall be responded to within 1 day. Contractor shall perform any available system updates during the warranty period at the discretion of Biomedical Engineering. Contractor shall provide a copy of the service report, complete with test data, to the contract COR within five working days after completion of any services. Service reports shall include identifying information about the equipment, all services provided during the service visit, any issues found during the visit, the technician/engineer names of the personnel performing work, and the date service was provided. On-Site Procedures Contractor personnel arriving on-site to perform work shall report to the Biomedical Engineering Department. Contractor personnel shall sign in using the department s vendor sign in sheet, filling out all required information. Contractor personnel s tool bags are subject to inspection by the Biomedical Engineering department upon arrival and upon departure. Contractor personnel shall sign out upon completion of visit. Prior to departure, Contractor personnel are required to, at a minimum, verbally report any issues with the equipment to the Biomedical Engineering department, especially noting if the system is still down or not fully repaired. The VA campus is non-smoking. Contractor personnel are required to comply with this policy. Parking. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to park in the appropriate desig nated park ing areas. Safety and Security Contractor shall follow all Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) laws and regulations. The Contractor is responsible for reporting any hazards they come across to their point of contact. Contractor shall follow all local procedures concerning infection control. Should the Contractor be unsure of the requirements, the COR can provide the specific information and procedures. Contractor personnel shall wear visible identification at all times while on VA property. Contract personnel are required to identify themselves as such to avoid creating an impression in the minds of members of the public that they are Government officials. Property Damage The contractor shall take all necessary precautions to prevent damage to any Government property. The contractor shall report any damages immediately and shall be assessed current replacement costs for property damaged by the contractor, unless corrective action is taken. Any damaged material (i.e., trees, shrubs, lawn/turf, curbs, gutters, sidewalks, etc.) will be replaced in a timely manner or corrected by the contractor with like materials, at no extra cost to the Government, upon approval of the Contracting Officer. QUALITY ASSURANCE End-users, Biomedical Engineering, and/or the contract COR shall perform system verification tests to ensure the system is fully functional. Issues with the quality of the Contractor s work will be communicated through the Contracting Officer to the Contractor point of contact for resolution. Documentation with be completed in the Government systems. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. Beckley VA 200 Veterans Ave, Beckley, WV 25801 Louis A Johnson VAMC 1 Med Center Dr., Clarksburg, WV 26301 Maryland VAHCS 10 N Greene St, Baltimore, MD 21201 Washington VAMC 50 Irving St NW, Washington, DC 20422 The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services FAR 52.225- Trade Agreements Certificate must be completed. All offers must include the brand, make, and model and include the technical specifications to be properly evaluated. Firms must submit proof that the firm is an authorized distributor for the brand that you propose. Offerors are required to be registered in SAM.gov at the time the offer is submitted. Offers are due no later than 12:00pm ET on Wednesday , April 29, 2026 and must be submitted via email to: Robin.McDonald3@va.gov. No phone calls will be accepted. 52.212-2 Evaluation Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Technical Capability Past Performance Price Technical and past performance, when combined, are approximately equal to price. (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer's specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of Provision) 52.216-1 TYPE OF CONTRACT (NOV 2025) (DEVIATION) The Government contemplates award of a Firm-Fixed-Price contract resulting from this solicitation. (End of Provision) 52.225-6 TRADE AGREEMENTS CERTIFICATE (FEB 2021) (a)Â TheÂ offerorÂ certifies that eachÂ end product, except those listed in paragraph (b) of this provision, is a U.S.-made or designated countryÂ end product, as defined in the clause of thisÂ solicitationÂ entitled "Trade Agreements." (b)Â TheÂ offerorÂ shallÂ list as otherÂ end productsÂ thoseÂ suppliesÂ that are not U.S.-made or designated countryÂ end products. OtherÂ End Products: Line Item No. Country of origin Exceeds 55% domestic content (yes/no) [List as necessary] (c)Â The Government will evaluateÂ offersÂ in accordance with the policies and procedures ofÂ partÂ 25Â of the FederalÂ AcquisitionÂ Regulation. ForÂ line itemsÂ covered by the WTO GPA, the Government will evaluateÂ offersÂ of U.S.-made or designated countryÂ end productsÂ without regard to the restrictions of the Buy American statute. The Government will consider for award onlyÂ offersÂ of U.S.-made or designated countryÂ end productsÂ unless theÂ Contracting OfficerÂ determines that there are noÂ offersÂ for suchÂ productsÂ or that theÂ offersÂ for thoseÂ productsÂ are insufficient to fulfill the requirements of thisÂ solicitation. (End of provision) 52.252-1 SOLICITATION PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far https://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/ (End of Provision) FAR Number Title Date 52.203-18 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH ENTITIES THAT REQUIRE CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS OR STATEMENTS REPRESENTATION JAN 2017 52.204-7 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT REGISTRATION (DEVIATION) NOV 2025 52.229-11 TAX ON CERTAIN FOREIGN PROCUREMENTS NOTICE AND REPRESENTATION JUN 2020 52.252-6 AUTHORIZED DEVIATIONS IN CLAUSES (NOV 2020) (a) The use in this solicitation or contract of any Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1) clause with an authorized deviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the date of the clause. (b) The use in this solicitation or contract of any VAAR (48 CFR Chapter FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION (48 CFR Chapter 1)) clause with an authorized deviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the name of the regulation. (End of Clause) (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) EVALUATION: The proposals will be evaluated on the following: Technical: Will be evaluated on the proposal that demonstrates the ability to provide the salient characteristics requested by the Government. Past Performance Price: The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in the solicitation. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services NOV 2023 ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-4 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES Clauses that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The following clauses are incorporated into 52.212-4 as an addendum to this contract: 52.225-1 BUY AMERICAN SUPPLIES (NOV 2025) (DEVIATION) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause Commercially available off-the-shelf (COTS) item (1) Means any item of supply (including construction material) that is (i) A commercial product (as defined in paragraph (1) of the definition of commercial product at Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 2.101); (ii) Sold in substantial quantities in the commercial marketplace; and (iii) Offered to the Government, under a contract or subcontract at any tier, without modification, in the same form in which it is sold in the commercial marketplace; and (2) Does not include bulk cargo, as defined in 46 U.S.C. 40102(4), such as agricultural products and petroleum products. Component means an article, material, or supply incorporated directly into an end product. Cost of components means (1) For components purchased by the Contractor, the acquisition cost, including transportation costs to the place of incorporation into the end product (whether or not such costs are paid to a domestic firm), and any applicable duty (whether or not a duty-free entry certificate is issued); or (2) For components manufactured by the Contractor, all costs associated with the manufacture of the component, including transportation costs as described in paragraph (1) of this definition, plus allocable overhead costs, but excluding profit. Cost of components does not include any costs associated with the manufacture of the end product. Critical component means a component that is mined, produced, or manufactured in the United States and deemed critical to the U.S. supply chain. The list of critical components is at FAR 25.105. Domestic end product means (1) For an end product that does not consist wholly or predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both (i) An unmanufactured end product mined or produced in the United States; (ii) An end product manufactured in the United States, if- (A) The cost of its components mined, produced, or manufactured in the United States exceeds 60 percent of the cost of all its components, except that the percentage will be 65 percent for items delivered in calendar years 2024 through 2028 and 75 percent for items delivered starting in calendar year 2029. Components of foreign origin of the same class or kind as those that the agency determines are not mined, produced, or manufactured in sufficient and reasonably available commercial quantities of a satisfactory quality are treated as domestic. Components of unknown origin are treated as foreign. Scrap generated, collected, and prepared for processing in the United States is considered domestic; or (B) The end product is a COTS item; or (2) For an end product that consists wholly or predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both, an end product manufactured in the United States, if the cost of foreign iron and steel constitutes less than 5 percent of the cost of all the components used in the end product. The cost of foreign iron and steel includes but is not limited to the cost of foreign iron or steel mill products (such as bar, billet, slab, wire, plate, or sheet), castings, or forgings utilized in the manufacture of the end product and a good faith estimate of the cost of all foreign iron or steel components excluding COTS fasteners. Iron or steel components of unknown origin are treated as foreign. If the end product contains multiple components, the cost of all the materials used in such end product is calculated in accordance with the definition of cost of components . End product means those articles, materials, and supplies to be acquired under the contract for public use. Fastener means a hardware device that mechanically joins or affixes two or more objects together. Examples of fasteners are nuts, bolts, pins, rivets, nails, clips, and screws. Foreign end product means an end product other than a domestic end product. Foreign iron and steel means iron or steel products not produced in the United States. Produced in the United States means that all manufacturing processes of the iron or steel must take place in the United States, from the initial melting stage through the application of coatings, except metallurgical processes involving refinement of steel additives. The origin of the elements of the iron or steel is not relevant to the determination of whether it is domestic or foreign. Predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both means that the cost of the iron and steel content exceeds 50 percent of the total cost of all its components. The cost of iron and steel is the cost of the iron or steel mill products (such as bar, billet, slab, wire, plate, or sheet), castings, or forgings utilized in the manufacture of the product and a good faith estimate of the cost of iron or steel components excluding COTS fasteners. Steel means an alloy that includes at least 50 percent iron, between 0.02 and 2 percent carbon, and may include other elements. United States means the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and outlying areas. (b) 41 U.S.C. chapter 83, Buy American, provides a preference for domestic end products for supplies acquired for use in the United States. In accordance with 41 U.S.C. 1907, the domestic content test of the Buy American statute is waived for an end product that is a COTS item, except that for an end product that consists wholly or predominantly of iron or steel or a combination of both, the domestic content test is applied only to the iron and steel content of the end product, excluding COTS fasteners. (c) Offerors may obtain from the Contracting Officer a list of foreign articles that the Contracting Officer will treat as domestic for this contract. (d) The Contractor shall deliver only domestic end products except to the extent that it specified delivery of foreign end products in the provision of the solicitation entitled "Buy American Certificate." (End of Clause) C.3 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far https://www.va.gov/oal/library/vaar/ (End of Clause) FAR Number Title Date 52.203-6 RESTRICTIONS ON SUBCONTRACTOR SALES TO THE GOVERNMENT ALTERNATE I (NOV 2021) JUN 2020 52.203-17 CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS NOV 2023 52.203-19 PROHIBITION ON REQUIRING CERTAIN INTERNAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS OR STATEMENTS JAN 2017 52.204-9 PERSONAL IDENTITY VERIFICATION OF CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL JAN 2011 52.204-13 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT MAINTENANCE (DEVIATION) NOV 2025 52.209-6 PROTECTING THE GOVERNMENT'S INTEREST WHEN SUBCONTRACTING WITH CONTRACTORS DEBARRED, SUSPENDED, PROPOSED FOR DEBARMENT, OR VOLUNTARILY EXCLUDED JAN 2025 52.209-9 UPDATES OF PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION REGARDING RESPONSIBILITY MATTERS OCT 2018 52.209-10 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH INVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS NOV 2015 52.222-41 SERVICE CONTRACT LABOR STANDARDS NOV 2025 52.222-42 STATEMENT OF EQUIVALENT RATES FOR FEDERAL HIRES MAY 2014 52.222-19 CHILD LABOR COOPERATION WITH AUTHORITIES AND REMEDIES (DEVIATION) NOV 2025 52.222-50 COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS (DEVIATION) NOV 2025 52.222-54 EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION NOV 2025 52.222-62 PAID SICK LEAVE UNDER EXECUTIVE ORDER 13706 NOV 2025 52.224-3 PRIVACY TRAINING ALTERNATE I (JAN 2017) JAN 2017 52.225-5 TRADE AGREEMENTS NOV 2023 52.232-33 PAYMENT BY ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT OCT 2018 52.226-8 ENCOURAGING CONTRACTOR POLICIES TO BAN TEXT MESSAGING WHILE DRIVING MAY 2024 852.203-70 COMMERCIAL ADVERTISING MAY 2018 852.211-70 EQUIPMENT OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE MANUALS NOV 2018 852.222-71 COMPLIANCE WITH EXECUTIVE ORDER 13899 (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) APR 2025 852.246-71 REJECTED GOODS OCT 2018 VAAR 852.204-70 PERSONAL IDENTITY VERIFICATION OF CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL (MAY 2020) (a) The Contractor shall comply with current Department of Veterans Affairs policy for personal identity verification of all employees performing under this contract when frequent and continuing access to VA facilities or information systems is required. (b) The Contractor shall insert this clause in all subcontracts when the subcontractor s employees will require frequent and continuing access to VA facilities or information systems. (End of Clause) 52.240-93 BASIC SAFEGAURDING OF COVERED CONTRACTOR INFORMATION SYSTEMS (DEVIATION) (NOV 2025) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause Covered contractor information system means an information system that is owned or operated by a contractor that processes, stores, or transmits Federal contract information. Federal contract information (1) Means information, not intended for public release, that is provided by or generated for the Government under a contract to develop or deliver a product or service to the Government; but (2) Does not include information provided by the Government to the public (such as on public websites) or simple transactional information (such as information necessary to process payments). Information means any communication or representation of knowledge such as facts, data, or opinions, in any medium or form, including textual, numerical, graphic, cartographic, narrative, or audiovisual (Committee on National Security Systems Instruction (CNSSI) 4009). Information system means a discrete set of information resources organized for the collection, processing, maintenance, use, sharing, dissemination, or disposition of information (44 U.S.C. 3502). Safeguarding means measures or controls that are prescribed to protect information systems. (b) Safeguarding requirements. (1) Basic requirements. The Contractor shall safeguard its covered contractor information systems by implementing, at minimum, the following security controls: (i) Limit information system access to authorized users, processes acting on behalf of authorized users, or devices (including other information systems). (ii) Limit information system access to the types of transactions and functions that authorized users are permitted to execute. (iii) Verify and control/limit connections to and use of external information systems. (iv) Control information posted or processed on publicly accessible information systems. (v) Identify information system users, processes acting on behalf of users, or devices. (vi) Authenticate (or verify) the identities of those users, processes, or devices, as a prerequisite to allowing access to organizational information systems. (vii) Sanitize or destroy information system media containing Federal Contract Information before disposal or release for reuse. (viii) Limit physical access to organizational information systems, equipment, and the respective operating environments to authorized individuals. (ix) Escort visitors and monitor visitor activity; maintain audit logs of physical access; and control and manage physical access devices. (x) Monitor, control, and protect organizational communications (i.e., information transmitted or received by organizational information systems) at the external boundaries and key internal boundaries of the information systems. (xi) Implement subnetworks for publicly accessible system components that are physically or logically separated from internal networks. (xii) Identify, report, and correct information and information system flaws in a timely manner. (xiii) Provide protection from malicious code at appropriate locations within organizational information systems. (xiv) Update malicious code protection mechanisms when new releases are available. (xv) Perform periodic scans of the information system and real-time scans of files from external sources as files are downloaded, opened, or executed. (2) Other requirements. This clause does not relieve the Contractor of any other specific safeguarding requirements specified by Federal departments and agencies relating to covered contractor information systems generally or other Federal safeguarding requirements for controlled unclassified information (CUI) as established by Executive Order 13556. (c) Subcontracts. The Contractor shall include the substance of this clause, including this paragraph (c), in subcontracts under this contract (including subcontracts for the acquisition of commercial products, other than commercially available off-the-shelf items, or commercial services), in which the subcontractor may have Federal contract information residing in or transiting through its information system. (End of Provision) VAAR 852.212-71 GRAY MARKET AND COUNTERFEIT ITEMS (FEB 2023) (a) No used, refurbished, or remanufactured supplies or equipment/parts shall be provided. This procurement is for new Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) items only. No gray market items shall be provided. Gray market items are OEM goods intentionally or unintentionally sold outside an authorized sales territory or sold by non-authorized dealers in an authorized sales territory. (b) No counterfeit supplies or equipment/ parts shall be provided. Counterfeit items include unlawful or unauthorized reproductions, substitutions, or alterations that have been mismarked, misidentified, or otherwise misrepresented to be an authentic, unmodified item from the original manufacturer, or a source with the express written authority of the original manufacturer or current design activity, including an authorized aftermarket manufacturer. Unlawful or unauthorized substitutions include used items represented as new, or the false identification of grade, serial number, lot number, date code, or performance characteristics. (c) Vendor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor, or authorized reseller for the proposed equipment/system, verified by an authoriz...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Robin McDonald
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: robin.mcdonald3@va.gov
  - Phone: 304-263-0811 x 7619

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/67b3d96c6e12410bb9ca6c4ba08f851e/view)