---
layout: default
title: 2,225/ea. - Hood, Chemical Biolo NSN: 4240-01-528-9286
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e5da4ce0a90748aa9274df4c7fbec6ef
---

# 2,225/ea. - Hood, Chemical Biolo NSN: 4240-01-528-9286

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-16 06:53:17.915-04
- Solicitation Number: 7013249202_

## Summary

DLA Troop Support is seeking industry feedback from interested parties concerning the manufacturing related to the Hood, Chemical Biolo. NSN: 4240-01-528-9286 Procurement Item Description: HOOD,CHEMICAL-BIOLO RA001: THIS DOCUMENT INCORPORATES TECHNICAL AND/OR QUALITY REQUIREMENTS (IDENTIFIED BY AN 'R' OR AN 'I' NUMBER) SET FORTH IN FULL TEXT IN THE DLA MASTER LIST OF TECHNICAL AND QUALITY REQUIREMENTS FOUND ON THE WEB AT: http://www.dla.mil/HQ/Acquisition/Offers/eProcurement.aspx FOR SIMPLIFIED ACQUISITIONS, THE REVISION OF THE MASTER IN EFFECT ON THE SOLICITATION ISSUE DATE OR THE AWARD DATE CONTROLS. FOR LARGE ACQUISITIONS, THE REVISION OF THE MASTER IN EFFECT ON THE RFP ISSUE DATE APPLIES UNLESS A SOLICITATION AMENDMENT INCORPORATES A FOLLOW-ON REVISION, IN WHICH CASE THE AMENDMENT DATE CONTROLS. RQ038: Chemical and Biological Defense Equipment First Article Test (FAT), Production Lot Test (PLT), and FAT Waivers RD002, COVERED DEFENSE INFORMATION APPLIES RP001: DLA PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS FOR PROCUREMENT RQ011: REMOVAL OF GOVERNMENT IDENTIFICATION FROM NON-ACCEPTED SUPPLIES RQ009: INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE AT ORIGIN RQ032: EXPORT CONTROL OF TECHNICAL DATA This item has technical data some or all of which is subject to export-control of either the International Traffic in Arms regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR), and cannot be exported without prior authorization from either the Department of State or the Department of Commerce. Export includes disclosure of technical data to foreign persons and nationals whether located in the United States or abroad. This requirement applies equally to foreign national employees and U.S. companies and their foreign subsidiaries. DFARS 252.225-7048 is applicable to this data. The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) limits distribution of export-control technical data to DLA contractors that have an approved US/Canada Joint Certification Program (JCP) certification, have completed the Introduction to Proper Handling of DOD Export-Controlled Technical Data Training and the DLA Export-Controlled Technical Data Questionnaire (both are available at the web address given below), and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. Instructions for obtaining access to the export-controlled data can be found at: https://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Enhanced-Validation/ To be eligible for award, offerors and any sources of supply proposed for use are required to have an approved JCP certification and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access export-controlled data managed by DLA. DLA will not delay award in order for an offeror or its supplier to apply for and receive approval by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. RQ003: CONFIGURATION CHANGE MANAGEMENT FOR EDGEWOOD FOR CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL CENTER MATERIALS - ENGINEERING CHANGE PROPOSAL REQUEST FOR VARIANCE (DEVIATION OR WAIVER) CLASS I OZONE DEPLETING CHEMICALS ARE NOT TO BE USED NOR INCORPORATED IN ANY ITEMS TO BE DELIVERED UNDER THIS CONTRACT.THIS PROHIBITION SUPERSEDES ALL SPECIFICATION REQUIREMENTS BUT DOES NOT ALLEVIATE ANY PRODUCT REQUIREMENTS. SUBSTITUTE CHEMICALS MUST BE SUBMITTED FOR APPROVAL UNLESS THEY ARE AUTHORIZED BY THE SPECIFICATION REQUIREMENTS. NOTE: THE CITED DRAWING IS A SOURCE CONTROLLED DRAWING AND AS OF THE DATE OF THIS SOLICITATION ONLY THE SOURCE(S) CITED ON THE DRAWING HAVE BEEN APPROVED. EVEN THOUGH SOURCES AND APPROVED PART NUMBERS ARE PROVIDED, THE ITEMS FURNISHED MUST MEET THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE CITED DRAWING. OFFERORS WHO ARE INTERESTED IN QUALIFYING THEIR PRODUCT FOR PURPOSE OF FUTURE ACQUISITION MUST CONTACT THE COGNIZANT DESIGN ACTIVITY SPECIFIED ON THE SOURCE CONTROLLED DRAWING. ALSO, MAY INCLUDE ADDITIONAL APPROVED SOURCES THAT HAVE NOT BEEN REFLECTED ON THE DRAWING AT THIS TIME. RQ039: Non-Tailored Higher-Level Quality Requirements (SAE AS9100) for Manufacturers and Non-Manufacturers SHELF-LIFE MARKINGS No shelf life markings are required. LOT NUMBERING Other lot numbering applies The Contractor shall provide standardized lot numbers on all products, identifying the production run during which the units were produced. A copy of the records from the production runs shall be maintained by the Contractor for Government review, as requested, for a minimum time period of two years. The Contractor shall provide standardized lot numbers on all products, identifying the production run during which the units were produced. A copy of the records from the production runs shall be maintained by the Contractor for Government review, as requested, for a minimum time period of two years. Disposition of GFP. As soon as the GFP is no longer required and before contract closeout, the contractor shall request disposition instructions from the PCO. The contractor will notify the cognizant Government Property Accountability Specialist or Quality Assurance Representative to arrange for inspection of the property before it is packed for return to the government. (a) Repackaging and Repacking of GFP. The contractor is responsible for any repackaging and repacking of GFP required to comply with applicable specifications. (b) Shipment of GFP. Within 30 calendar days after the contractor receives the applicable shipping instructions from the PCO (or designated property representative), the contractor shall submit an original and three copies of DD Form 1659, Application for U.S. Government Shipping Documentation/Instructions, to the PCO. 4. Maintenance of GFP. The contractor shall properly maintain GFP and report to the Government Property Accountability Specialist or Quality Assurance Representative and PCO the need for replacement and/or capital rehabilitation. 5. Applicable GFP Clauses: (a) IF00391 (52.245-1) Government Property (AUG 2010) (b) IF00267 (52.245-9) Use and Charges (AUG 2010) (c) FA60001 (252.211-7007) Reporting of GFE (Nov 2008) (d) FF00024 (52.247-55) FOB Point for Delivery of GFP (JUN 2003) (e) IA00317 (252.245-7001) Tagging, Labeling, and Marking of Government-Furnished Property (FEB 2011) (f) IA00318 (252.245-7002) Reporting Loss of Government Property (FEB 2011) (g) IA00324 (252.245-7003) Contractor Property Management System Administration (MAY 2011) (h) IA00326 (252.245-7004) Reporting, Reutilization, and Disposal (AUG 2011) SECTION C - ENGINEERING EXCEPTIONS The following Engineering Exceptions shall apply to this procurement: NSN 4240-01-528-9286 shall be procured, sole-sourced from: Avon Protection Systems, Inc. . NSN 4240-01-528-9286 shall be procured, sole-sourced from: Avon Protection Systems, Inc. 503 8th Street Cadillac, MI 49601-1370 CAGE: 1LEW5 This is an identified Chemical Biological Defense Equipment item. All packaged items of supply shall be marked IAW MIL-STD-129. Military packaging is required. Requirements defining levels of packaging shall be IAW MIL-STD-2073-1. If Special Packaging Instructions (SPI) are provided in the technical data package (TDP), the SPI’s requirements will take precedence over MIL-STD-2073-1 where applicable. For all Chemical Biological Items, the First Article Test (FAT) waiver timeframe is reduced to one (1) year. The use of the Army Combat Capabilities Development Command Chemical Biological Center DEVCOM CBC Form 081 is required for all First Article Test waivers, (note: do not use a DD Form 1694 “Request for Variance (or Waiver)” for a FAT waiver). Include RQ038 in the Material Master for all Chemical Biological Items. This supersedes the three (3) year waiver time frame allowed in Procurement Note H03- Supplemental First Article Testing Requirements. CRITICAL APPLICATION ITEM AVON PROTECTION SYSTEMS, INC. 1LEW5 P/N 71013/1 IAW BASIC DRAWING NR 81361 5-1-4391 REVISION NR DTD 11/26/2019 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE QAP 16236 CDRL-ECBCPLTC-17333 REVISION NR DTD 11/30/2017 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE QAP 16236 CDRL-ECBCFATC-17333 REVISION NR DTD 11/30/2017 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE DRAWING NR 81361 EA-H-2247A/WAM4 REVISION NR DTD 03/04/2019 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE DRAWING NR 81361 5-1-4391-10 REVISION NR DTD 11/26/2019 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE DRAWING NR 81361 5-1-4391-10 REVISION NR DTD 01/26/2023 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE QAP 14153 SQAP-FAT3 REVISION NR DTD 06/15/2022 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE QAP 14153 SQAP-PLT3 REVISION NR DTD 06/15/2022 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE QAP 14153 SQAP-015289286 REVISION NR DTD 01/30/2023 PART PIECE NUMBER: Packaging Information: PKGING DATA - MIL-STD-2073-1D, 15 DEC 1999 QUP:001 PRES MTHD:ZZ CLNG/DRY:Z PRESV MAT:ZZ WRAP MAT:ZZ CUSH/DUNN MAT:ZZ CUSH/DUNN THKNESS:Z UNIT CONT:ZZ OPI:O INTRMDTE CONT:ZZ INTRMDTE CONT QTY:AAA PACK CODE:U MARKING SHALL BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH MIL-STD-129. SPECIAL MARKING CODE:ZZ -ZZ Special Requirements PALLETIZATION SHALL BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH RP001: DLA PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS FOR PROCUREMENT IP025: PACKAGING, MARKING, AND SHIPPING OF HAZARDOUS MATERIALS -PLACE A RED X AND THE WORDS #SHORT BOX# ON THE FRONT OF ANY BOX THAT HAS A SHORT QUANTITY, THEN PLACE THAT BOX/BOXES WITH THE MARKINGS SHOWING ON THE TOP FRONT OF THE PALLET LOAD.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew Eckenrode
  - Email: Matthew.Eckenrode@dla.mil
  - Phone: 4457372546

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e5da4ce0a90748aa9274df4c7fbec6ef/view)