---
layout: default
title: J065--Sources Sought - BD Alaris Infusion Pumps Maintenance Software updates (B 4) BD or authorized service providers only
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 44be85114dd549d298f8d30ed6e64e51
---

# J065--Sources Sought - BD Alaris Infusion Pumps Maintenance Software updates (B 4) BD or authorized service providers only

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-06 11:45:27.722-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0424
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Notice of Sources Sought The purpose of this Sources Sought Announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Businesses (VOSB), and Small Businesses interested and capable of providing the services requested, as well as any large businesses. The results from this source sought notice will be used to determine the appropriate set-aside. The intended contract is a firm-fixed price service contract. The SBA Non-Manufacturer Rule is not applicable as the intended contract is for services. The Department of Veterans Affairs, NCO20 is looking for manufacturer authorized service providers with access to OEM software and parts of the following requirement: VISN 20 currently owns approximately 3,670 Alaris Infusion Pumps. VISN 20 needs a maintenance services (Base + 4 OYs) contract for existing Becton Dickinson (BD) Alaris infusion pumps including technical/clinical support, software updates, and data analytics support. Locations include Portland, Puget Sound, Boise, Roseburg, and Spokane VA Medical Center. Statement of Work: Background. The VA Northwest Health Network, Veterans Integrated Service Network (VISN) 20, is responsible for providing health care to Veterans in the states of Alaska, Washington, Oregon, most of the state of Idaho, and one county each in Montana and California. The VISN 20 network of eight (8) health care facilities is comprised of (7) medical centers and one (1) rehabilitation center (See Table 1). There are approximately 1.2 million Veterans living in the Pacific Northwest and Alaska, 18% of whom received VA services. VISN 20 sites listed below in Table 1 require software maintenance services agreement to provide technical, software, clinical, and data analytics support. Applicable Documents. In performance of the tasks associated with this Performance Work Statement, the Contractor shall comply with the following: 44 U.S.C. § 3541, Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) of 2002 FIPS Pub 201, Personal Identity Verification of Federal Employees and Contractors, March 2006 5 U.S.C. § 552a, as amended, The Privacy Act of 1974 42 U.S.C. § 2000d Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 VA Directive 0710, Personnel Suitability and Security Program, September 10, 2004 VA Directive 6102, Internet/Intranet Services, July 15, 2008 36 C.F.R. Part 1194 Electronic and Information Technology Accessibility Standards, July 1, 2003 Office of Management & Budget (OMB) Circular A-130, Management of Federal Information Resources, November 28, 2000 32 C.F.R. Part 199, Civilian Health and Medical Program of the Uniformed Services (CHAMPUS) An Introductory Resource Guide for Implementing the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) Security Rule, October 2008 Sections 504 and 508 of the Rehabilitation Act (29 U.S.C. § 794d), as amended by the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (P.L. 105-220), August 7, 1998 Homeland Security Presidential Directive (12) (HSPD-12) VA Directive 6500, Information Security Program, August 4, 2006 VA Handbook 6500.6, Contract Security, March 12, 2010 Scope VISN 20 sites currently use Becton Dickinson (BD) Alaris infusion pumps to provide infusion therapy, BD Alaris Guardrails MX Software for medication library and accurate medication delivery, and Analytics Reporting Software to monitor pump usage and improve patient safety. VISN 20 requires a software maintenance services agreement to provide technical and clinical support, software updates, and data analytics support. For the sites listed below in Table 1, the contracted vendor shall provide: Technical Telephone support, Monday Friday, 5:00 am 5:00pm Pacific Time Clinical Application Support and on-demand learning portal Alaris Infusion and System Manager Software updates Data Reporting and Analytics Solution Table 1: VISN 20 Sites VISN Station Address 20 531-VA Boise Medical Center 500 W. Fort Street Boise, ID 83702 20 648-VA Portland Medical Center 3710 SW US Veterans Hospital Road Portland, OR 97239-2999 20 653-VA Roseburg Health Care System 913 Garden Valley Boulevard Roseburg, OR 97470 20 663-VA Puget Sound Health Care System Seattle and American Lake Division 1660 South Columbian Way Seattle, WA 98108-1597 20 668-VA Spokane Medical Center N. 4815 Assembly Street Spokane, WA 99205 Performance Period The Period of Performance for this effort shall be September 30, 2026 through September 29, 2031 (Base + 4 Option Years). Place of Performance. Contract performance shall take place at the contractor s location(s) and at the locations in Table 1. Government Furnished Equipment/Information. The Contractor shall be allowed access to Government equipment including servers. Information on Government equipment and systems shall be provided as necessary. No Government-owned property will be transferred into the Contractor s control. Additional software products may be provided by the Government as identified to facilitate Contractor access, e.g. Microsoft Terminal Services. Invoicing. Invoices shall be submitted electronically via the Financial Services Center Mandatory Electronic Invoice System, on a monthly basis. Invoices must include, at a minimum, the following information: Contractor name, purchase order number, period of service the billing covers, and a list of equipment items covered during the stated period of performance. This requirement is in accordance with VARR Clause 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests: http://www.fsc.va.gov/einvoice.asp. Electronic payments are net 30 days. Security Requirements. All contractor employees are subject to the same level of investigation as VA employees who have access to VA sensitive information or access to VA facilities. The background investigation includes the following requirements: 1) Completed documentation 2) Fingerprints 3) Completion of OPM s e-QIP Questionnaire. The Contractor is required to fulfill all of the security requirements. The Contractor, upon completion of fingerprinting, and an initial suitability determination, may be authorized tentative access to start the performance period of the contract, but only on condition of completion of all security requirements. This requirement is applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. Hours of Coverage & Federal Holidays. Maintenance Service will be provided during regular coverage hours of 5:00am to 5:00pm, Pacific Time, Monday through Friday, excluding federal holidays. The contractor shall contact the POC or his/her designee prior to commencing any work on the premises. Federal Holidays are: New Years' Day Martin Luther King Day Presidents' Day Memorial Day Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans' Day Thanksgiving Day Christmas Day Option to Extend Services. In accordance with FAR Clause 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services, the contract may be extended, at the Government s sole discretion, for a period of up to six (6) months, exercisable in increments of not less than one (1) month. If the contract contains an unexercised option period, the Government may elect to exercise the option pursuant to FAR Clause 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract, during any short-term extension. The short-term extension(s) shall be subtracted from the total duration of the immediately succeeding option period that may follow as a result of the exercise of the option pursuant to FAR Clause 52.217-9 so that the combination of the short-term extension(s) and the option will not exceed 12 months duration. If the Government exercises one or more short term extensions in accordance with FAR Clause 52.217-8 and this instruction or an option period pursuant to FAR Clause 52.217-9, or any combination thereof, the contract as extended shall be deemed to include this extension instruction and FAR Clause 52.217-8; thus, the authority to extend services pursuant to FAR Clause 52.217-8 and this instruction may be exercised at the end of the base period and at the end of each option period. The prices applicable during the short-term extension(s) shall be the price(s) applicable during the immediately succeeding option period if there is one (for example, CLIN 1001 subject only to any adjustment required by the Service Contract Act). If there is no immediately succeeding option period, the price(s) shall be the price(s) applicable during the immediately preceding contract period, subject only to any adjustment required by the Service Contract Act. The extension(s) may be exercised by the Government IAW FAR Clause 52.217-8, provided that the CO has given notice of the Government s intent to exercise the extension at least 7 calendar days before this contract is to expire. A notice will be provided for each separate extension. For requirements items, the prices applicable during the short-term extension(s) shall be the prices applicable during the immediately succeeding option period, if there is one. If there is no succeeding option period, the prices shall be the prices applicable during the immediately preceding contract period. The cost ceiling(s), base fee(s), and award fee(s) during the short-term option(s) shall be the pro rata portion of the costs and fees applicable to the immediately succeeding option period, if there is one. If there is no succeeding option period, the cost ceiling(s) and fee(s) shall be the pro rata portion of the costs and fees for the immediately preceding contract period. Required Information in Your Response to Sources Sought: In order to be considered a valid source that can impact the set-aside determination of a possible future solicitation, potential contractors shall provide, at a minimum, the following information to peter.park2@va.gov by below response deadline: 1) Company name, address, and point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, and UEI. 2) Please identify your company s size in comparison to the anticipated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 811210 Medical and Surgical Equipment Repair and Maintenance Services. To be considered a small business your company must have less than 34 million dollars in average annual receipts. This notice is to determine the marketplace for this specific requirement. Please check one of the following: [ ] yes [ ] no Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) [ ] yes [ ] no Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) [ ] yes [ ] no Women Owned Small Business (WOSB) [ ] yes [ ] no HUBZone [ ] yes [ ] no Small Business Manufacturers [ ] yes [ ] no All other Small Business (SB) [ ] yes [ ] no Other than Small Business 3) Any socioeconomic business must have a SBA certification at https://search.certifications.sba.gov/. 4) Only authorized service representatives/providers of the manufacturer with access to OEM parts and software will be considered. No used, refurbished, remanufactured, or counterfeit parts will be allowed. Please provide a proof of authorized service provider letter from manufacturer stating you have access to OEM parts for repairs. 5) Please provide a courtesy quote in response to this request to evaluate price reasonableness for any set-aside determination. (Base + 4 Option Years) 6) Capabilities Statement addressing the requirements in the Statement of Work to include: References for similar services currently being provided or previously provided at the required service levels as outlined in the Statement of Work. Evidence of OEM training received by service engineers if applicable. The Government is not obligated to nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this sources sought notice. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. Notice to Potential Offerors: All Offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System Award Management (SAM located on the web at www.sam.gov). It is desirable that any Offeror to have completed their business Online Representations and Certifications Application in the System for Award Management (SAM). Service Address: VISN 20 See locations in the Statement of Work Point of Contact: Peter Park Contracting Officer peter.park2@va.gov Response Deadline: 03/12/2023 by 3:00pm Pacific Time

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Peter Park
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Peter.Park2@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/44be85114dd549d298f8d30ed6e64e51/view)