---
layout: default
title: CLAMP,MATERIAL LIFT
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 30d3466f555f4d35a793477191d1aa08
---

# CLAMP,MATERIAL LIFT

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 13:37:11.463-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QYA82

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N741.5|7SE|771-229-0395|james.b.burnett1.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2| || WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|COMBO - Invoice and Receiving Report|Not Applicable|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|0001AA: SW3117 / 0001AB: SW3218|TBD|||TBD|||||Not Applicable| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS -- COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION (DEV 2026-O0048)(MAR 2026)|2||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| Request New Spare Buy quote on a Firm-Fixed unit price basis. AMC/AMSC = 1G applies. AMC 1. Suitable for competitive acquisition for the second or subsequent time. AMSC G. The Government has rights to the technical data, the data package is complete, and there are no technical data, engineering, tooling or manufacturing restrictions. Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) at or below the simplified acquisition threshold applies (See: FAR 15.101-2). NSN: 1HM 3940 011349611 SQ, CLAMP,MATERIAL LIFT, REF NO: 4398614-H-47. SUBCLIN 0001AA: 10 EA, Part Number: 4398614-H-47. Ship to: SW3117 ACTIVITY UIC CODE: SW3117 FREIGHT ADDRESS: DLA DISTRIBUTION NORFOLK VA RECEIVING/SHIPPING DDNV P 1968 GILBERT ST BLDG W143 DWY 17 NORFOLK, VA 23511-0001 SUBCLIN 0001AB: 10 EA, Part Number: 4398614-H-47. Ship to: SW3218 ACTIVITY UIC CODE: SW3218 FREIGHT ADDRESS: DLA DISTRIBUTION SAN DIEGO 3581 CUMMINGS ROAD BLDG 3581 SAN DIEGO, CA 92136-3581 Note: Early/Partial Delivery is Authorized and Desired. DFARS 252.211-7003 Item Unique Identification and Valuation (JAN 2023) clause is incorporated. The following clause is incorporated: FAR 52.246-23 -- Limitation of Liability (Feb 1997). Note: The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the CLAMP,MATERIAL LIFT , part of the ;This procurement specification contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; for use on Navy submarines.; . 1.2 ;Government furnished equipment will be maintained until completion of contract, upon completion the contractor must contact DLA Contracting Mechanicsburg to receive disposition.; 1.2.1 ;The contractor must immediatly notify DLA Contracting Office Mechanicsburg of any damage or failure of the government furnished equipment provided.; 1.3 ;GFM Provided: QUANTITY: 1 EQUIPMENT:

7.5 DIAMETER MAST (MANDREL); 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.1.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.1.3 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. Additional document required:/Brake Lining Material (Raymark M9010-1) Commercial adhesive(Scotch Weld 2216 B/A Gray, Rayco R-81007 or R-86025) CommerciaL NCSL Z540.3 CAN BE USED IN LIEU OF ISO 10012 MIL-I-45208A CAN BE USED IN LIEU OF IS09001 NAVSEA Tech Pub S9074 - AR-GIB-010/278 Chg. A - 02/14/2013 NAVSEA Tech Pub T9074 - AS-GIB-010/271 Rev. 1 - 09/11/2014 NAVSEA Tech Pub S9074 - AQ-GIB-010/248 - 08/01/1995 DRAWING DATA=4398614 |53711| V| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130N | | | |121116|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |150915|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO 10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2035A | | | |950515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NASM 20613 | | | |161031|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-S-22698 | | |C |880629|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NCSL Z540.3 | | | |060803|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NASM 90725 | | | |160531|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MS16285A | | | |970406|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MS27183L | | | |221014|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28/20B | | | |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208A | | | |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM A36/A36M | | | |190701|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24441/20B | | | |090827|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-24441/21B | | | |090827|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASME B46.1-2019 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=EIA-649C - 2/19 | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | |01| |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |950113|A| |03| 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Design and Manufacturing - The ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; furnished under this contract/ purchase order shall meet the material, mechanical, physical, welding and test requirements as specified on Drawing 4398614, Item Number 47 (consisting of Item Numbers 14, 23 thru 26, 35, 36, 60, 62 and 65) including associated specifications mentioned in this procurement. ; 3.1.1 ;The supplier shall perform all welding and nondestructive testing and inspection on ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; in accordance with the requirements of NAVSEA Technical Publications S9074-AR-GIB-010/278, T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 and MIL-STD-2035 specified on Drawing 4398614, Note 6. ;The supplier has the option of performing magnetic particle or liquid penetrant nondestructive testing and inspection on all welds.;; 3.1.2 ;The supplier welders performing welding on ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; shall be qualified in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publication S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 specified on Drawing 4398614, Note 6.; 3.1.3 ;The supplier shall have or fabricate the required Weight Handling Equipment and Test Fixture in accordance with Drawing 4398614 requirements to perform Weight Test and Holding Capacity Test on ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47;. The supplier shall maintain and perform nondestructive testing on said equipment as required by the drawing.; 3.1.4 ;The supplier shall perform Weight Test and Holding Capacity Test on ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; in accordance with the Test Procedure for Weight Handling Equipment and Test Weight Requirement, and Test Setup specified on Drawing 4398614. The test procedure for weight handling equipment Note 5.1 of Drawing 4398614, Sheet 57 states "The Clamp Weight Test can be conducted simultaneously with the Holding Capacity Test in accordance with Note 6.1" of the drawing.; 3.2 ;Marking Requirements - The supplier shall permanently mark and identify each first article and production lot unit ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; in accordance with Drawing 4398614, Notes 5, 19 and 21 using Item Number 65 (Label Plate) shown on sheet 44 of the drawing per MIL-STD -130. The supplier shall mark ;tag or bag; each first article and production lot unit with contract number and assembly serial number per MIL-STD-130.; 3.2.1 ;The supplier shall assign matched set serial numbers to the clamp halves item number 35 of drawing 4398614 and shall keep clamp halves in matched set by serial numbers. This is a mandatory requirement specified on Drawing 4398614, Sheet 57, and Test Procedure for Weight Handling Equipment under the Notes Header. ; 3.2.2 ;The supplier shall mark ;tag or bag; all piece parts with contract, drawing/item, heat, lot or batch and serial number in accordance with MIL-STD-130 until installed on the designated assembly.; 3.3 ;First Article Testing/Inspection - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The first article testing /inspection procedure and approval are required for ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47;. Government approval is required prior to commencement of first article unit.; 3.4 ;Notification - The supplier shall notify Naval Surface Warfare Center, Philadelphia Division, (NSWCPD), 5001 S. Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA 19112-1403 by email matthew.j.ogilvie.civ@us.navy.mil, Code 242MO after award of contract.; 3.5 ;The NSWCPD is the acceptance activity for the Contract Data Requirements List (DD1423) Data Items. NSWC PD WAWF/IRAPT ;Acceptor; DODACC is ;N64498;.;

3.6 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.6.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor.

3.7 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 4.4 ;Inspection System - The Supplier's Quality Inspection System shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208 or ISO 9001 and NCSL Z540.3 or ISO 10012. The supplier shall develop and submit their written Quality Inspection and Test Plan as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the supplier's written Quality Inspection and Test Plan is required by the contract CDRL: QUALITY INSPECTION & TEST PLAN per MIL-I-45208, NCSL Z540.3 and DI-QCIC-81110 ; 4.5 ;Surface Roughness - All surface finishes are in RMS measurements. Where the degree of surface roughness is indicated, the surface shall be free from all visible imperfections as defined by Standard ASME B46.1.; 4.6 ;Finished Edges - Finished edges shall be in accordance with the applicable drawing requirements.; 4.7 ;Threads - Threads shall be inspected in accordance with FED-STD-H28/20 System 21 requirements. Thread inspection shall include the measurement and recording of the major diameter for external threads and the minor diameter for internal threads.; 4.8 ;Material Control - The supplier shall have an effective material control system that provides for certified quantitative mill or industrial laboratory reports of chemical and physical analysis by heat, lot or batch for raw material ordered for first article and production units. If the material is subsequently heat-treated, a certification of physical analysis after heat treatment is also required for each heat lot or batch. Also, where the applicable material specification calls out (e.g., corrosion resistance test, macro-etch test) these test results shall also be reported on the applicable mill or industrial laboratory report. The physical analysis shall establish the following properties for metallic parts: Ultimate Tensile Strength, Yield Strength and Elongation.; 4.9 ;First Article Testing/Inspection - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall perform first article testing/inspection on ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; in accordance with the applicable drawing, specifications and their approved first article procedure and nondestructive testing (visual, magnetic particle or liquid penetrant) procedure.; 4.9.1 ;The first article inspection shall be made by the cognizant DCMA-QAR at the supplier's and/or subcontractor facility. The supplier shall notify NSWCPD, Code 242MO two weeks in advance prior to the scheduled first article testing/inspection, so an NSWCPD representative has the option of being present during the first article testing/inspection.; 4.10 ;First Article Approval for Testing/Inspection Procedure and Acceptance - (Supplier Testing/ Inspection). The supplier shall prepare and submit their First Article Testing/Inspection Procedure for ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; in accordance with the requirements of DI-NDTI-80603, the applicable drawing and specifications as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the procedure is required prior to commencement of first article unit. CDRL: FIRST ARTICLE TESTING/INSPECTION PROC per DI-NDTI-80603A; 4.11 ;First Article Testing/Inspection - The supplier shall perform 100% examination, inspection and testing on the first article ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; unit (component parts/assembly) in accordance with the applicable drawing, their approved first article procedure and nondestructive testing (visual, magnetic particle or liquid penetrant) procedure. The supplier shall record the actual measurements and results of each dimension, threads, examination, inspection and test identified on the applicable drawing.; 4.11.1 ;The supplier shall visually and physically inspect 100% the (component parts/assembly) dimensions and threads (including of the major diameter for external threads and the minor diameter for internal threads) identified on the applicable drawing. Threads shall be inspected 100% and results recorded.; 4.11.2 ;The supplier shall visually inspect and perform magnetic particle or liquid penetrant testing 100% on all weld joints shown on Drawing 4398614 for ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; in accordance with their approved nondestructive testing procedure.; 4.11.3 ;The supplier shall perform 100% weight test and holding capacity test on ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; in accordance with Procedure Note 6 requirements of Drawing 4398614, sheet 62. No clamp slippage is permitted once the maximum test load is reached. The supplier shall adhere to the warning under Procedure Note 6 for nondestructive test on all lifting equipment welding before and after the weight test in accordance with general Note 6 of Drawing 4398614, Sheet 5. No defect is allowed. Further, the supplier shall adhere to the mandatory requirement specified on Drawing 4398614, Sheet 57, and Test Procedure for Weight Handling Equipment under the Notes Header that clamp halves be kept in a matched set by serial numbers. Failure to do so negates the weight test and holding capacity test.; 4.12 ;First Article Testing/Inspection Reports and Acceptance - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall submit for completed first article unit ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; testing/ inspection report in compliance with the requirements of DI-NDTI-80603, the applicable NAVSEA Technical Publications, drawing andspecifications. The report shall also include a copy of ;Certified Mill Certification; Weld Rod Certification; Certificate of Compliance for Material; Certificate of Conformance for Material; Visual/Dimensional Inspection Report; NDT Visual/Magnetic Particle or Liquid Penetrant Inspection Testing Report; Welder?s Qualification Certification; NDT Visual/Magnetic Particle or Liquid Penetrant Inspector Qualification Certif ication; Weight and Holding Capacity Test; identified in the Objective Quality Evidence Records Section of this document, and as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the first article testing/inspection report is required prior to commencement of production units. CDRL: FIRST ARTICLE TESTING/INSPECTION REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B; 4.13 ;Production Lot. The supplier shall perform 100% examination, inspection and testing on each production lot ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; unit (component parts/assemblies) in accordance with the applicable drawing and their approved nondestructive testing (visual, magnetic particle or liquid penetrant) procedure. The supplier shall record the actual measurements and results of each dimension, threads, examination, inspection and test identified on the applicable drawing.; 4.13.1 ;The supplier shall visually and physically inspect 100% each (component parts/assemblies) dimensions and threads (including of the major diameter for external threads and the minor diameter for internal threads) identified on the applicable drawing. Threads shall be inspected 100% and results recorded.; 4.13.2 ;The supplier shall visually inspect and perform magnetic particle or liquid penetrant testing 100% on all weld joints shown on Drawing 4398614 for ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; in accordance with their approved nondestructive testing procedure.; 4.13.3 ;The supplier shall perform 100% weight test and holding capacity test on each ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; in accordance with Procedure Note 6 requirements of Drawing 4398614, sheet 62. No clamp slippage is permitted once the maximum test load is reached. The supplier shall adhere to the warning under Procedure Note 6 for nondestructive test on all lifting equipment welding before and after the weight test in accordance with general Note 6 of Drawing 4398614, Sheet 5. No defect is allowed. Further, the supplier shall adhere to the mandatory requirement specified on Drawing 4398614, Sheet 57, and Test Procedure for Weight Handling Equipment under the Notes Header that clamp halves be kept in a matched set by serial numbers. Failure to do so negates the weight test and holding capacity test.; 4.14 ;Production Lot Testing/Inspection Reports and Acceptance - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall submit for the completed production units ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47; testing/inspection reports in compliance with the applicable Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), NAVSEA Technical Publications, drawing and specifications. The Production Lot Testing/ Inspection report shall consist of ;Certified Mill Certification; Weld Rod Certification; Certificate of Compliance for Material; Certificate of Conformance for Material; Visual/ Dimensional Inspection Report; NDT Visual /Magnetic Particle or Liquid Penetrant Inspection Testing Report; Welder?s Qualification Certification; NDT Visual/Magnetic Particle or Liquid Penetrant Inspector Qualification Certification; Weight Test and Holding Capacity Test and Mercury Exclusion Certification; identified in the Objective Quality Evidence Records Section of this document, and as indicated on the Production Lot Test/Inspection (PLT) Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the production lot testing/ inspection report is required prior to shipment of production lot units. CDRL: PRODUCTION LOT TESTING/INSPECTION REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B; 4.15 ;PROCEDURES; 4.15.1 ;Welding Procedure - The supplier shall prepare and submit a written welding procedure and welding procedure qualification test data for performing welding in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publications S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 and S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 including welder's qualification per Tech S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the Welding and Welding Qualification Test Data Procedure is required prior to commencement of first article unit. CDRL: WELDING AND WELDING QUALIFICATION TEST DATA PROCEDURE per NAVSEA TECH PUB S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 AND S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248; 4.15.2 ;Nondestructive Testing (NDT) Procedure - The supplier shall prepare and submit a written nondestructive testing procedure for Visual/Magnetic Particle or Liquid Penetrant inspection testing in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publication T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 and Acceptance Standard MIL-STD-2035 including nondestructive test personnel qualifications per Tech Pub T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form1423). Government approval of the NDT Visual/Magnetic Particle or Liquid Penetrant Inspection Testing Procedure is required prior to commencement of first article unit. CDRL: NDT VISUAL/MAGNETIC PARTICLE or LIQUID PENETRANT TESTING PROC per NAVSEA TECHNICAL PUB T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 and MIL-STD-; 4.16 ;Production Lot Inspection/Acceptance - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall submit for the production lot units, the inspection and test reports identified in the Objective Quality Evidence Records Section of this document and as indicated on the Production Lot Testing/Inspection (PLT) Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval is required prior to shipment of production units. ; 4.17 ;Final Inspection and Acceptance - Final inspection and acceptance of production lots shall be made by the cognizant DCMA-QAR in conjunction with the Specific Government Inspection Instructions (SGIIs) furnished by NSWCPD. In addition to the normal DCMA surveillance, the production unit(s) shall be under the surveillance of NSWCPD Quality Assurance Specialist as required.; 4.18 ;Objective Quality Evidence Records - The supplier shall maintain Objective Quality Evidence Data (OQEDs) of materials used in the fabrication of ;Lifting Clamp Assembly #47;. Records shall be traceable by drawing/item, heat, lot or batch, contract number and matched set serial numbers. All OQEDS shall be clearly legible including name and title. The supplier may provide exact (quality) photocopies of objective quality evidence records being delivered u nder this purchase order instead of originals.; 4.18.1 ;The supplier shall furnish a copy of the following OQEDs listed below and as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423) for acceptance. The reports shall be correlated to the drawing/item, heat, lot or batch, contract number and matched set serial numbers (clamp halves and assembly). Supplier format is acceptable for the below listed CDRLs. a. Certified Quantitative Mill or Industrial Laboratory Certification (chemical and physical analysis) for Item Numbers 14, 23 thru 26, 35 and 36 of drawing 4398614. CDRL: CERTIFIED QUANTITATIVE MILL CERTIFICATION per DI-MISC-82386 b. Certification of Weld Rod used in the manufacturing of the Lifting Clamp Assembly in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publication S9074-AR-GIB-010/278. CDRL: WELD ROD CERTIFICATION per DI-MISC-82386 c.Certificate of Compliance for Materials (certifying Item Numbers 60, 62 and 65 in accordance with drawing 4398614 requirements). CDRL: CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE per DI-MISC-82386 d.Certificate of Conformance for Materials (certifying Primer/MIL-DTL-24441/20 and Paint/MIL-DTL-24441/21 in accordance with drawing 4398614 and specifications requirement). CDRL: CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE per DI-MISC-82386 e. Visual/Dimensional Inspection Reports shall show all the characteristics, the actual measurement and results of each dimension inspection (component parts/ assemblies), including threads (also the major diameter for external threads and the minor diameter for internal threads), contract number, name of supplier, drawing/item number, drawing revision letter, heat, lot or batch number of finished part and matched set serial numbers (clamp halves and assembly), item nomenclature and inspector's acceptance signature and date. CDRL: VISUAL/DIMENSIONAL INSPECTION REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B f. NDT Visual/Magnetic Particle or Liquid Penetrant Inspection Testing Report shall be in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publication T9074-AS-GIB-010/271. CDRL: NDT VISUAL/MAGNETIC PARTICLE or LIQUID PENETRANT INSPECTION TESTING REPORT per NAVSEA TECH PUB T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 g. Welder's Qualification Certification of personnel performing welding in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publication S9074-AR-GIB-010/278. CDRL: WELDER?S QUALIFICATION CERTIFICATION per NAVSEA h. NDT Inspector Qualification Certification of personnel performing visual and magnetic particle or liquid penetrant nondestructive inspection testing in accordance with NAVSEA Technical Publication T9074-AS-GIB-010/271. CDRL: NDT VISUAL/MAGNETIC PARTICLE or LIQUID PENETRANT INSPECTOR CERTIFICATION per NAVSEA TECH PUB T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 i.Weight Test and Holding Capacity Test Reports shall show all the test characteristics, the actual measurement and results, start and stop times, gauge serial number, gauge calibrated date and due date of each assembly tested including contract number, name of supplier, drawing/item number, drawing revision letter, and matched set serial numbers of the tested assembly, item nomenclature, inspector's acceptance signature and date. CDRL: WEIGHT TEST & HOLDING CAPACITY TEST REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B j. Mercury Exclusion Certification (representing the contract units shipment).CDRL: MERCURY EXCLUSION CERTIFICATION per DI-MISC-82386; 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7712290395
  - Email: JAMES.B.BURNETT1.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. 2.1.3 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents
- Attachment 2: . Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.6.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/30d3466f555f4d35a793477191d1aa08/view)