---
layout: default
title: RFQ - W912DY-26-Q-A124, Kirtland AFB, Bldg 20602, Industrial Storage
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 3c3252922bac4542a7098cb8efa14378
---

# RFQ - W912DY-26-Q-A124, Kirtland AFB, Bldg 20602, Industrial Storage

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 15:08:52.398-04
- Solicitation Number: W912DY-26-Q-A124

## Summary

Greetings from the Corps of Engineers, Huntsville Center, Furniture Team. Please find the attached Request for Quote (RFQ) # W912DY-26-Q-A124, to procure and install industrial storage for Kirtland AFB, Bldg 20602. THIS RFQ IS A 100% SMALL BUSINESS SET ASIDE. Quotations from other than small business will not be considered. This RFQ includes a Standard Form 1449 (SF1449), an Excel version of Attachment #1, and a Word version of Attachment #8. QUOTES SHALL BE SUBMITTED ACCORDING TO THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURES NO LATER THAN 1400 CST 26 May 2026 (30 days). This closing date/time is mandatory despite anything potentially to the contrary in block 10 of the SF 1449 or on eBuy (if used). Please submit quotes valid for 120 days. PLEASE SUBMIT QUESTIONS in email by 30 April 2026, 1200 CST to jessica.sizemore@usace.army.mil AND anthony.L.patterson@usace.army.mil. To help you submit a complete quote for consideration, please follow all of the steps below: 1.Quotes shall be emailed to the Contract Specialist at jessica.sizemore@usace.army.mil AND CEHNC-FurnitureQuotes@usace.army.mil by the closing date and time. 2.Quotes shall include no less than the following documents: A.SF1449, and amendments (if applicable) B.Excel version of Attachment 1 C.Word version of Attachment 8 D.Access information to an FTP upload (if applicable). Note: When an FTP site is used to submit your quote, the vendor shall email the Contract Specialist. A password sent by/from an FTP site does not satisfy the vendor’s requirement to email the Contract Specialist the above documents. 3.The subject line of emailed quotes, and notifications of additional quote documents located onan FTP site, shall include: A.Company name B.RFQ number C.Project name & building(s) D.Number of emails Example: GreatFurniture_W912DY-18-T-0140_Ft. Bragg_Bldg 1500_Email 1 of 5 4.Complete the SF1449 with your Company name and signature in Block 17a. 5.Complete the SF1449, Item NO. (CLINS) with Unit Prices and the Extended Amounts. Pricing onSF1449 must match pricing on Attachment 1. 6.Complete the SF1449, Instructions To Quoters section to show installation start and completiondates. 7.Complete the SF1449, Instructions To Quoters section with your company GSA #, Tax ID #, CageCode and Point-of-Contact information. 8.Submit a Technical Data Sheet (spec sheet / cut sheet) for each item in your quote. Make clearon the Technical Data Sheet which line item is being met. 9.Submit Technical Data Sheets that are organized and sequential as described in the SF1449,Instructions To Quoters section. 10.Pre-award questions shall be directed to the Contract Specialist. The contractor shall notdiscuss any aspect of the procurement, to include asking questions, with the onsite TechnicalRepresentative (TR) prior to contract award. 11.You may either email your quote (up to 10MB each) or use an FTP site to store your quote andemail the Contract Specialist according to Items 2 and 3. In case of an error received duringquote submission, first consider dividing a file into two parts and resending or posting. Also, youmay contact the Contract Specialist for potential guidance. Huntsville Center’s inboxesautomatically archive to keep free space available at all times; however, the capacity of serversvaries depending on digital traffic. The vendor is responsible for delivering a complete andtimely quote to the Contract Specialist under all circumstances. 12.It is recommended that Contractors use the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment(PIEE). A vendor portal for solicitations was introduced as an enterprise-level service for theDepartment of Defense (DoD) within the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE)platform. This capability allows DoD to have a more automated and secure process for capturingsolicitations and their attachments and responses from industry. To obtain additional informationplease visit: https://piee.eb.mil/xhtml/unauth/web/homepage/vendorGettingStartedHelp.xhtml i. PIEE Size Limit. Each uploaded attachment can be up to 1.9 gigabytes (GB) in size. Theapplication supports different file extensions. ii. Notifications when an amendment to the solicitation is posted: Within a solicitation, click thecheckbox next to ‘Please notify me of amendments to this solicitation’ on the top left corner ofthe screen. You will receive email and system notification when an amendment is posted. iii. Upload Multiple Documents in PIEE, multiple attachments may be uploaded at one time. Afteryou click ‘Choose File,’ highlight all the files you want to upload and click ‘Open.’ If the totalsize of all the attachments exceeds 1.9GB (see 4.A above), upload the multiple attachments inbatches that keeps each batch under the 1.9GB limit. Please contact your company’s AccountAdministrator for any account related issues. If you are experiencing technical problems withProcurement Integrated Enterprise Environment, please contact the DISA DECC OgdenElectronic Business Service Desk at link below:https://piee.eb.mil/xhtml/unauth/web/homepage/vendorCustomerSupport.xhtml 13.Return Attachment 1 in Excel format. Fill-in ALL blank spaces and return the attached ExcelSpreadsheet version of Attachment 1 – DO NOT LEAVE ANY LINE ITEMS BLANK. If you choose tonot charge for an item, please enter $0.00 beside that item. 14.Return Attachment 8 in Word format. Complete Attachment 8, Technical Documents Checklist,and return in Word format with your quote. 15.File names shall include your company name in the first position and the submission date inthe last position, as shown in the following examples: GreatFurniture_SF1449, Amend 1_20Feb18.pdf GreatFurniture_Attachment 1_20 Feb18.xls GreatFurniture_Attachment 8_20 Feb18.docx GreatFurniture_Tech Data 1-12_20 Feb18.pdf GreatFurniture_Tech Data 13-24_20 Feb18.pdf We would like our RFQ process to be clear and helpful. If you have suggestions, please bring them to our attention. The responsibility of providing a complete, accurate, and timely quote is yours. These instructions should help to make your quote complete.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jessica Sizemore
  - Email: jessica.sizemore@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Anthony Patterson
  - Email: Anthony.L.Patterson@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2568951137

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: C.Word version of Attachment 8 D.Access information to an FTP upload (if applicable). Note: When an FTP site is used to submit your quote, the vendor shall email the Contract Specialist. A password sent by/from an FTP site does not satisfy the vendor’s requirement to email the Contract Specialist the above documents. 3.The subject line of emailed quotes, and notifications of additional quote documents located onan FTP site, shall include: A.Company name B.RFQ number C.Project name & building(s) D.Number of emails Example: GreatFurniture_W912DY-18-T-0140_Ft. Bragg_Bldg 1500_Email 1 of 5 4.Complete the SF1449 with your Company name and signature in Block 17a. 5.Complete the SF1449, Item NO. (CLINS) with Unit Prices and the Extended Amounts. Pricing onSF1449 must match pricing on Attachment 1. 6.Complete the SF1449, Instructions To Quoters section to show installation start and completiondates. 7.Complete the SF1449, Instructions To Quoters section with your company GSA #, Tax ID #, CageCode and Point-of-Contact information. 8.Submit a Technical Data Sheet (spec sheet / cut sheet) for each item in your quote. Make clearon the Technical Data Sheet which line item is being met. 9.Submit Technical Data Sheets that are organized and sequential as described in the SF1449,Instructions To Quoters section. 10.Pre-award questions shall be directed to the Contract Specialist. The contractor shall notdiscuss any aspect of the procurement, to include asking questions, with the onsite TechnicalRepresentative (TR) prior to contract award. 11.You may either email your quote (up to 10MB each) or use an FTP site to store your quote andemail the Contract Specialist according to Items 2 and 3. In case of an error received duringquote submission, first consider dividing a file into two parts and resending or posting. Also, youmay contact the Contract Specialist for potential guidance. Huntsville Center’s inboxesautomatically archive to keep free space available at all times; however, the capacity of serversvaries depending on digital traffic. The vendor is responsible for delivering a complete andtimely quote to the Contract Specialist under all circumstances. 12.It is recommended that Contractors use the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment(PIEE). A vendor portal for solicitations was introduced as an enterprise-level service for theDepartment of Defense (DoD) within the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE)platform. This capability allows DoD to have a more automated and secure process for capturingsolicitations and their attachments and responses from industry. To obtain additional informationplease visit: https://piee.eb.mil/xhtml/unauth/web/homepage/vendorGettingStartedHelp.xhtml i. PIEE Size Limit. Each uploaded attachment can be up to 1.9 gigabytes (GB) in size. Theapplication supports different file extensions. ii. Notifications when an amendment to the solicitation is posted: Within a solicitation, click thecheckbox next to ‘Please notify me of amendments to this solicitation’ on the top left corner ofthe screen. You will receive email and system notification when an amendment is posted. iii. Upload Multiple Documents in PIEE, multiple attachments may be uploaded at one time. Afteryou click ‘Choose File,’ highlight all the files you want to upload and click ‘Open.’ If the totalsize of all the attachments exceeds 1.9GB (see 4.A above), upload the multiple attachments inbatches that keeps each batch under the 1.9GB limit. Please contact your company’s AccountAdministrator for any account related issues. If you are experiencing technical problems withProcurement Integrated Enterprise Environment, please contact the DISA DECC OgdenElectronic Business Service Desk at link below:https://piee.eb.mil/xhtml/unauth/web/homepage/vendorCustomerSupport.xhtml 13.Return Attachment 1 in Excel format. Fill-in ALL blank spaces and return the attached ExcelSpreadsheet version of Attachment 1 – DO NOT LEAVE ANY LINE ITEMS BLANK. If you choose tonot charge for an item, please enter $0.00 beside that item. 14.Return Attachment 8 in Word format. Complete Attachment 8, Technical Documents Checklist,and return in Word format with your quote. 15.File names shall include your company name in the first position and the submission date inthe last position, as shown in the following examples: GreatFurniture_SF1449, Amend 1_20Feb18.pdf GreatFurniture_Attachment 1_20 Feb18.xls GreatFurniture_Attachment 8_20 Feb18.docx GreatFurniture_Tech Data 1-12_20 Feb18.pdf GreatFurniture_Tech Data 13-24_20 Feb18.pdf We would like our RFQ process to be clear and helpful. If you have suggestions, please bring them to our attention. The responsibility of providing a complete, accurate, and timely quote is yours. These instructions should help to make your quote complete

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3c3252922bac4542a7098cb8efa14378/view)