---
layout: default
title: Rodent and Pest Control Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 200814c92030465a867cc6b9fba2bf53
---

# Rodent and Pest Control Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 12:05:48.18-04
- Solicitation Number: FA930226Q0013

## Summary

***AMENDMENT 5: 03/24/2026*** PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING CONTRACTOR INFORMATION WITHIN YOUR QUOTE: 1. SAM UEI: 2. TIN Number: 3. CAGE Code: 4. Contractor Name: 5. Payment Terms (NET 30) or Discount: 6. Point of Contact Name and Phone Number: 7. Email address: 8. Price: 9. Warranty: 10. Date Offer Expires: 11. FOB Destination: 12. Estimated Delivery Lead Time: 13. Technical Approach Please provide a brief technical approach describing how your company will perform the work in accordance with the SOW. Please limit your technical approach to 3 pages. ***AMENDMENT 4: 03/19/2026*** RESOLICITATION DUE TO CHANGE IN SCOPE. DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION OF QUOTES EXTENDED TO 3/27/2026 8 AM PDT DEADLINE FOR QUESTIONS 3/25/2026 8 AM PDT SEE ATTACHED: 1. Attachment 1- STATEMENT OF WORK 20260318 ***AMENDMENT 3: 03/02/2026*** DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION OF QUOTES EXTENDED TO 3/6/2026 8 AM PST THREE NEW DOCUMENTS WERE ATTACHED 1. SITE VISIT QnA 2. SITE VISIT PHOTOS 3. SITE VISIT ATTENDEE LIST ***AMENDMENT 2: 2/26/2026*** DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION OF QUOTES EXTENDED TO 3/4/2026 8 AM PST ***AMENDMENT 1: 2/5/2026*** DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION OF QUOTES EXTENDED TO 2/27/2026 8 AM PST Q&A POSTED - SEE ATTACHMENT 3 BUILDING 1030C DESIGN LAYOUT DRAWING ADDED- SEE ATTACHMENT 5 A SITE VISIT WILL BE HELD ON 2/19/2026 AT 10 AM PST. PLEASE SEE ATTACHMENT 4 FOR CONTRACTOR INFORMATION SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS. CONTRACTOR INFORMATION SHOULD BE SUBMITTED NO LATER THAN 2/11/2026 3 PM PST. LATE RESPONSES WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. QUESTIONS AFTER THE SITE VISIT WILL BE ACCEPTED UNTIL 2/24/2026 AT 8 AM PST. -------------------- This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for the acquisition of Rodent and Pest Control Services. Please see attached Statement of Work (SOW) and SF 1449 for further details. (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Simplified Acquisition Procedures (FAR 13.5) will be used for requirement. (ii) Solicitation Number: FA930226Q0013 **Please provide the full solicitation number on all packages** Interested parties who believe they can meet all the requirements for the services described in this synopsis are invited to submit, in writing, a complete quote. Offerors may utilize the attached SF1449 to complete quote information in addition to a separate quote (in PDF format); ensuring the quote contains information and pricing for all contract line items (CLINs) included on the SF1449. Offerors are required to submit with their quote enough information for the Government to evaluate the requirements detailed in this combined synopsis/solicitation. Offerors shall submit quotes via email, please note the maximum file size is 10MB. Emails over this file size will not be received. Submit only written offers; oral offers will not be accepted. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). (iii) This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06, DFARS Change 10/24/2025 and DAFAC 2024-1016. (iv) THIS REQUIREMENT WILL BE: Set Aside 100% to Small Businesses. All vendors must be listed as a small business in SAM.gov. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number for this acquisition is 561710 “Exterminating and Pest Control Services” with a size standard of $17.5 million. (v) Delivery: Period of Performance will be 2 March 2026-1 March 2031 Base year: 2 March 2026- 1 March 2027 Option year 1: 2 March 2027-1 March 2028 Option year 2: 2 March 2028- 1 March 2029 Option year 3: 2 March 2029- 1 March 2030 Option year 4: 2 March 2030- 1 March 2031 (vi) The provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023), applies to this acquisition. Provisions and clauses can be viewed via internet at Acquisition.gov, https://www.acquisition.gov/. Offerors shall prepare their quotations in accordance with FAR 52.212-1. In addition, the following information shall be included: PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING CONTRACTOR INFORMATION WITHIN YOUR QUOTE: 1. SAM UEI: 2. TIN Number: 3. CAGE Code: 4. Contractor Name: 5. Payment Terms (NET 30) or Discount: 6. Point of Contact Name and Phone Number: 7. Email address: 8. Warranty: 9. Date Offer Expires: 10. FOB Destination: 11. Estimated Delivery Lead Time: 12. Completed copy of FAR 52.212-3, Alt I, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Feb 2024) – or - notification that FAR 52.212-3 representations and certifications are available on SAM.gov (vii) The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) applies to this acquisition. ***Please read the evaluation criteria closely. If vendor does not provide a full response, it will be found unresponsive*** The solicitation provides that quotations will be evaluated using Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LTPA). The award will be made based on the lowest evaluated price of proposals meeting or exceeding the acceptability standards for non-cost factors. The technical acceptability factor contains one non-cost subfactor: (1) Ability to provide the required rodent and pest control services listed in the Statement of Work. The agency will first rank quotations according to price, from lowest to highest, and will evaluate the lowest-priced quotation as either technically acceptable or unacceptable, reserving the right to evaluate additional quotations for technical acceptability if deemed to be in the best interest of the government. Evaluation Factors: Price Technical Acceptability Subfactors: Ability to provide the required Rodent and Pest Control Services. The Government will award a purchase order resulting from the RFQ to a responsible offeror whose quote is responsive to the RFQ and considered to be the LTPA (viii) Offerors shall include completed copies of applicable provisions, which are included in the SF1449. Offers will be considered incomplete if these are not included with the quote. (iv) The clause at FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023), applies to this acquisition. (x) The clause at FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Feb 2024), applies to this acquisition. (xi) Additional Contract Requirement or Terms and Conditions: Please find a contemplated list of additional provisions/clauses in the attachments; the final list of clauses is dependent upon actual dollar value of the contract award and may change from those provided in the attachment. Full text for the clauses and provisions can be accessed via https://www.acquisition.gov/ (xii) Defense Priorities and Allocation System (DPAS): N/A (xiii) Quote Submission Information: It is the government’s intent to award without discussions. Therefore, each initial quote should contain the offeror’s best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the government reserves the right to conduct discussions if the Contracting Officer (CO) determines that discussions are necessary. Offers are due on 06 February 2026 at 8:00 AM, Pacific Standard Time (PST). Offers must be sent via email to both Abel Alcantar (abel.alcantar.1@us.af.mil) AND Paola Diaz (paola.diaz.1@us.af.mil). No late submissions will be accepted. (xiv) For additional information regarding this solicitation contact: Primary Point of Contact: Abel Alcantar Contract Officer Abel.alcantar.1@us.af.mil Secondary Point of Contact: Paola Diaz Contract Specialist Paola.diaz.1@us.af.mil QUESTION PERIOD: The period for questions regarding this RFQ will end at 8:00 AM PST on 03 February 2026. Please send all questions to the buyer via email at paola.diaz.1@us.af.mil@us.af.mil. Phone inquiries are not available currently. All questions and answers will be posted to this RFQ. (xv) Please note that upon submission of a quote, successful negotiation and award are dependent on FAR 52.232-18, availability of funds. *** This solicitation does not serve as a ?nancial obligation for the government. No award should be expected by the contractor and no work may begin unless a fully executed contract document is received by the contractor.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Paola Diaz
  - Email: paola.diaz.1@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Abel Alcantar
  - Email: abel.alcantar.1@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - STATEMENT OF WORK 20260318 ***AMENDMENT 3: 03/02/2026*** DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION OF QUOTES EXTENDED TO 3/6/2026 8 AM PST THREE NEW DOCUMENTS WERE ATTACHED 1. SITE VISIT QnA 2. SITE VISIT PHOTOS 3. SITE VISIT ATTENDEE LIST ***AMENDMENT 2: 2/26/2026*** DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION OF QUOTES EXTENDED TO 3/4/2026 8 AM PST ***AMENDMENT 1: 2/5/2026*** DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSION OF QUOTES EXTENDED TO 2/27/2026 8 AM PST Q&A POSTED - SEE ATTACHMENT 3 BUILDING 1030C DESIGN LAYOUT DRAWING ADDED- SEE ATTACHMENT 5 A SITE VISIT WILL BE HELD ON 2/19/2026 AT 10 AM PST. PLEASE SEE ATTACHMENT 4 FOR CONTRACTOR INFORMATION SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS. CONTRACTOR INFORMATION SHOULD BE SUBMITTED NO LATER THAN 2/11/2026 3 PM PST. LATE RESPONSES WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. QUESTIONS AFTER THE SITE VISIT WILL BE ACCEPTED UNTIL 2/24/2026 AT 8 AM PST. -------------------- This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for the acquisition of Rodent and Pest Control Services. Please see attached Statement of Work (SOW) and SF 1449 for further details. (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Simplified Acquisition Procedures (FAR 13.5) will be used for requirement. (ii) Solicitation Number: FA930226Q0013 **Please provide the full solicitation number on all packages** Interested parties who believe they can meet all the requirements for the services described in this synopsis are invited to submit, in writing, a complete quote. Offerors may utilize the attached SF1449 to complete quote information in addition to a separate quote (in PDF format); ensuring the quote contains information and pricing for all contract line items (CLINs) included on the SF1449. Offerors are required to submit with their quote enough information for the Government to evaluate the requirements detailed in this combined synopsis/solicitation. Offerors shall submit quotes via email, please note the maximum file size is 10MB. Emails over this file size will not be received. Submit only written offers; oral offers will not be accepted. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). (iii) This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06, DFARS Change 10/24/2025 and DAFAC 2024-1016. (iv) THIS REQUIREMENT WILL BE: Set Aside 100% to Small Businesses. All vendors must be listed as a small business in SAM.gov. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) number for this acquisition is 561710 “Exterminating and Pest Control Services” with a size standard of $17.5 million. (v) Delivery: Period of Performance will be 2 March 2026-1 March 2031 Base year: 2 March 2026- 1 March 2027 Option year 1: 2 March 2027-1 March 2028 Option year 2: 2 March 2028- 1 March 2029 Option year 3: 2 March 2029- 1 March 2030 Option year 4: 2 March 2030- 1 March 2031 (vi) The provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023), applies to this acquisition. Provisions and clauses can be viewed via internet at Acquisition.gov, https://www.acquisition.gov/. Offerors shall prepare their quotations in accordance with FAR 52.212-1. In addition, the following information shall be included: PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING CONTRACTOR INFORMATION WITHIN YOUR QUOTE: 1. SAM UEI: 2. TIN Number: 3. CAGE Code: 4. Contractor Name: 5. Payment Terms (NET 30) or Discount: 6. Point of Contact Name and Phone Number: 7. Email address: 8. Warranty: 9. Date Offer Expires: 10. FOB Destination: 11. Estimated Delivery Lead Time: 12. Completed copy of FAR 52.212-3, Alt I, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Feb 2024) – or - notification that FAR 52.212-3 representations and certifications are available on SAM.gov (vii) The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) applies to this acquisition. ***Please read the evaluation criteria closely. If vendor does not provide a full response, it will be found unresponsive*** The solicitation provides that quotations will be evaluated using Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LTPA). The award will be made based on the lowest evaluated price of proposals meeting or exceeding the acceptability standards for non-cost factors. The technical acceptability factor contains one non-cost subfactor: (1) Ability to provide the required rodent and pest control services listed in the Statement of Work. The agency will first rank quotations according to price, from lowest to highest, and will evaluate the lowest-priced quotation as either technically acceptable or unacceptable, reserving the right to evaluate additional quotations for technical acceptability if deemed to be in the best interest of the government. Evaluation Factors: Price Technical Acceptability Subfactors: Ability to provide the required Rodent and Pest Control Services. The Government will award a purchase order resulting from the RFQ to a responsible offeror whose quote is responsive to the RFQ and considered to be the LTPA (viii) Offerors shall include completed copies of applicable provisions, which are included in the SF1449. Offers will be considered incomplete if these are not included with the quote. (iv) The clause at FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023), applies to this acquisition. (x) The clause at FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Feb 2024), applies to this acquisition. (xi) Additional Contract Requirement or Terms and Conditions: Please find a contemplated list of additional provisions/clauses in the attachments; the final list of clauses is dependent upon actual dollar value of the contract award and may change from those provided in the attachment. Full text for the clauses and provisions can be accessed via https://www.acquisition.gov/ (xii) Defense Priorities and Allocation System (DPAS): N/A (xiii) Quote Submission Information: It is the government’s intent to award without discussions. Therefore, each initial quote should contain the offeror’s best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the government reserves the right to conduct discussions if the Contracting Officer (CO) determines that discussions are necessary. Offers are due on 06 February 2026 at 8:00 AM, Pacific Standard Time (PST). Offers must be sent via email to both Abel Alcantar (abel.alcantar.1@us.af.mil) AND Paola Diaz (paola.diaz.1@us.af.mil). No late submissions will be accepted. (xiv) For additional information regarding this solicitation contact: Primary Point of Contact: Abel Alcantar Contract Officer Abel.alcantar.1@us.af.mil Secondary Point of Contact: Paola Diaz Contract Specialist Paola.diaz.1@us.af.mil QUESTION PERIOD: The period for questions regarding this RFQ will end at 8:00 AM PST on 03 February 2026. Please send all questions to the buyer via email at paola.diaz.1@us.af.mil@us.af.mil. Phone inquiries are not available currently. All questions and answers will be posted to this RFQ. (xv) Please note that upon submission of a quote, successful negotiation and award are dependent on FAR 52.232-18, availability of funds. *** This solicitation does not serve as a ?nancial obligation for the government. No award should be expected by the contractor and no work may begin unless a fully executed contract document is received by the contractor

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/200814c92030465a867cc6b9fba2bf53/view)