---
layout: default
title: Y1ND--648-26-101 Underground Repairs Vancouver
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 0f050b4930ea496083481a4750e92953
---

# Y1ND--648-26-101 Underground Repairs Vancouver

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-14 08:41:39.358-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0553
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice ID: 36C26026Q0553, Project 648-26-101 Underground Repairs Vancouver Page 1 of Page 1 of This is a Sources Sought announcement only. This is not a request for proposals, quotations, or bids; nor a synopsis of a proposed contract action under FAR Subpart 5.2 and no contract shall be awarded from this notice. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this Sources Sought or any follow-up information requests. No solicitation is currently available. Draft documents (SOW, Drawings, Specifications, etc.) are subject to change. This notice is for market research purposes to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities, and qualifications of interested Small Business firms. Responses to this Sources Sought may shape the acquisition strategy in developing a competitive requirement. Not responding to this notice does not preclude participation in any future or potential solicitation. It is the intent of the VA to use the information gathered for market research purposes only. Veteran s Health Administration, Regional Procurement Office West, Network Contracting Office 20, is conducting market research for a construction contract to perform underground utility repairs including removal of an abandoned underground diesel fuel tank and repair of sewer piping systems. Work is located at the VA Portland Health Care System, Vancouver Campus, Vancouver, WA. The estimated magnitude for this project is between $250,000 and $500,000. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code of 237110 - Water and Sewer Line and Related Structures Construction, PSC Y1ND and with a Small Business Size Standard of $45 million. All interested and capable firms are encouraged to respond to this notice. After review of the responses to this notice, and if the Government still plans to proceed with this project, a separate pre-solicitation announcement will be published on www.SAM.gov. Responses to this announcement are not an adequate response to any future solicitation announcement. Responses are requested with the following information and should not exceed a total of 2 (two) pages. Email subject line shall include: 36C26026Q0553 Sources Sought Response Please provide the following information: 1. Contact information: Name, address, SAM.gov UEI number, and points of contact with telephone numbers and e-mail addresses. 2. Business Size/Classification (based on NAICS 237110): The Government is seeking to determine the appropriate acquisition strategy. Is your firm eligible for participation in one of the following small business programs? If so, please indicate the program. [ ] yes [ ] no Small Business (SB) [ ] yes [ ] no HUBZone [ ] yes [ ] no Small Business 8(a) [ ] yes [ ] no Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB) [ ] yes [ ] no Women-Owned (WO) Small Business [ ] yes [ ] no Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) [ ] yes [ ] no Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) [ ] yes [ ] no Other (please specify) 3. Capabilities Statement: Description of the firm s capabilities to perform the required construction services, including relevant project experience demonstrating similar scope, complexity, and magnitude. Include Bonding Capacity commensurate with the estimated project value. The Government does not have a waiver to Buy American. The Government does not have a waiver to the nonmanufacturer rule. 4. Compliance Statements SDVOSB or VOSB businesses shall include a statement confirming compliance with VAAR 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction, 852.219-76 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance for Supplies and Products. All other socio-economic businesses shall include a statement confirming compliance with FAR 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting and FAR 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule. 5. Time: Provide an estimated project duration (in Calendar days) based on the information provided. 6. Products: In accordance with FAR 52.225-9 Buy American-Construction Materials and FAR 52.225-10 Notice of Buy American Requirement-Construction Materials. Respondents shall Identify any materials conflicting with Buy American requirements and any long lead-time items. 7. Past Performance/experience: Provide information on contracts of similar scopes and complexity. Submit no more than three (3) contracts (or task orders) completed within the past five (5) years from the date of this notice. The past performance information should include: Project Title/Contract Number Location: (City, State) General description of the construction to demonstrate relevance to the project Offerors role (Prime or Subcontractor) Dollar value of contract Name of the Company, agency, or government entity for which the work was performed If submitting past performance/experience on a project in the role of a subcontractor, include the Prime Contractor s name and a quantifiable amount (percent) of the project your company contributed to the overall scope of work. Note: Do not include Proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information in responses. NO RESPONSES WILL BE ACCEPTED BY FAX. Responses will not be returned. Telephonic responses will not be honored. Please respond by email only. Send responses to: Kabir Saka Contract Specialist Kabir.saka@va.gov. Meredith Valentine Contracting Officer meredith.valentine@va.gov Deadline: Responses will be accepted until 04/27/2026, 1:00 PM PST.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kabir Saka
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: kabir.saka@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0f050b4930ea496083481a4750e92953/view)