---
layout: default
title: Engine Water Sample Testing for MH-65E aircraft
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 2da5d5cd435547e6a611378d28aaa950
---

# Engine Water Sample Testing for MH-65E aircraft

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 13:06:19.292-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z03826QB0000011

## Summary

***The Purpose of Amendment 5 is to add a clause to the terms and conditions; and to respond to a vendor question. *** Question: Our laboratory is not able to perform ash content analysis on solid samples. However, based on the responses provided by USACE to vendor questions in the solicitation, it appears that chloride, sulfate, and hardness analyses may be performed in addition to the other originally requested methods. Could you please confirm whether this substitution would be acceptable, or if you would prefer that we no-bid this specific method? Answer: Ash testing is a required part of the USCG test procedures as outlined in the Statement of Work, therefore inability to test for ash would render any submitted quote technically unacceptable. ***The purpose of Amendment 4 is to add additional information to the Statement of Work. ***The purpose of Amendment 3 is to respond to vendor questions. Question: The Statement of Work lists the required parameters but does not specify the analytical methods to be used. Could you please clarify what specific analyses or method standards are required for this project? Answer: There are no specific ways of testing or specific ISO reference for which the water samples must be tested with. They can have the water analyzed by an accredited laboratory against the water-quality requirements listed in our Maintenance Manual, using standard ISO / ASTM methods for each of the following parameters: appearance, chloride, sulphate, sodium, hardness, conductivity at 25 °C, pH, and dry residue (total dissolved solids). SAFRAN HE does not specify a precise test method, as long as parameters listed are measured. Question: We would like to confirm whether the Government will be responsible for collecting all water samples, with the contractor responsible only for providing sample containers, outbound shipping of kits, receiving returned samples, and performing the laboratory analysis. Answer: Yes, the government is responsible for all water sample collecting and the contractor is responsible for providing sample containers, outbound shipping of kits, receiving samples, performing laboratory analysis, providing documentation of specific test results, and sending out notifications. Question: Aspect / Appearance Testing Requirement: The Statement of Work requires reporting of “aspect” for water samples. The partners have indicated they do not perform a specific aspect/appearance analysis but can provide True Color testing (Standard Method SM 2120) as an alternative. Please confirm whether True Color testing is acceptable as a substitute for the aspect requirement. Answer: The aspect / appearance test is solely a visual inspection of the appearance of the water sample ‘as is.’ No prior processing is required. Question: Ash Testing Method: The laboratory has advised that ash testing is typically performed on solid samples. They proposed filtering solids present in the water sample and determining ash content from the filtered material. Please confirm whether this methodology would be acceptable under the SOW requirements. Answer: There are no specific ways of testing or specific ISO reference for which the water samples must be tested with. They can have the water analyzed by an accredited laboratory against the water-quality requirements listed in our Maintenance Manual, using standard ISO / ASTM methods for each of the following parameters: appearance, chloride, sulphate, sodium, hardness, conductivity at 25 °C, pH, and dry residue (total dissolved solids). SAFRAN HE does not specify a precise test method, as long as parameters listed are measured. Question: Laboratory Subcontracting / Third-Party Testing: Please confirm whether subcontracting laboratory testing services is permitted under this requirement, and if so, any specific FAR flow-down provisions, approval requirements, or limitations applicable to third-party laboratories. Answer: Subcontracting is permitted and all applicable clauses in the terms and conditions flow down. Question: Estimated Sample Volume / Frequency: To ensure accurate pricing and logistics planning, could you please provide an estimated annual sample quantity or expected testing frequency across USCG units and cutters? Answer: This requirement is estimated to be approximately 100 annually. The frequency is expected to be sporadic as each air-station and cutter are on their own schedule. Question: Reporting and Testing Method Standards: Please confirm if specific EPA, ASTM, or Standard Methods must be used for the required parameters (pH, conductivity, dissolved solids, ash, and aspect), or if equivalent validated methods are acceptable. Answer: There are no specific ways of testing or specific ISO reference for which the water samples must be tested with. They can have the water analyzed by an accredited laboratory against the water-quality requirements listed in our Maintenance Manual, using standard ISO / ASTM methods for each of the following parameters: appearance, chloride, sulphate, sodium, hardness, conductivity at 25 °C, pH, and dry residue (total dissolved solids). SAFRAN HE does not specify a precise test method, as long as parameters listed are measured. *** The purpose of Amendment 2 is to extend the closing date to March 17, 2026, at 1:30 pm EST to allow for research for a question posed by a vendor. *** The purpose of amendment 1 is to answer the following question. QUESTION: We would like to know if this is a brand new contract OR if there is (was) an incumbent performing these services. If not brand new, could you please provide the current / previous contract number? ANSWER: This requirement is a follow-on for contract 70Z03821DB2000010. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 70Z03826QB0000011 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect as of November 28, 2025, IAW the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO). The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 541990. The small business size standard is $19.5 million. This is an unrestricted solicitation. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the agency. The United States Coast Guard (USCG), Aviation Logistic Center (ALC), Elizabeth City, NC intends to award an Indefinite Delivery Requirements type contract on a full and open competitive basis for Engine Water Sample Testing for the MH-65E aircraft. This requirement will be procured via issuance of individually funded task orders. The anticipated period of performance will be five (5) years total, consisting of one (1) year base period, and if exercised, four (4) one-year option periods, this contract shall not exceed five (5) years. See the following attachments titled: See attached documents titled: Attachment 1 - “Requirements - 70Z03826QB0000011”, Attachment 2 - “Statement of Work – 70Z03826QB0000011”, and Attachment 3 - “Terms and Conditions – 70Z03826QB0000011”. Closing date and time for receipt of offers is 17 March 2026 at 1:30 pm EST. Quotes and questions shall be submitted by email to Alex-Marie.B.Midgett@uscg.mil. Please indicate solicitation 70Z03826QB0000011 in the subject line.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Alex-Marie Midgett
  - Email: Alex-Marie.B.Midgett@uscg.mil
  - Phone: 5716107299
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Raymond V. Marler
  - Email: raymond.v.marler@uscg.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - “Requirements - 70Z03826QB0000011”, Attachment 2 - “Statement of Work – 70Z03826QB0000011”, and Attachment 3 - “Terms and Conditions – 70Z03826QB0000011”. Closing date and time for receipt of offers is 17 March 2026 at 1:30 pm EST. Quotes and questions shall be submitted by email to Alex-Marie.B.Midgett@uscg.mil. Please indicate solicitation 70Z03826QB0000011 in the subject line

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2da5d5cd435547e6a611378d28aaa950/view)