---
layout: default
title: Base Roads Pavement Repair-Muñiz ANGB
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: aa248e4a4d514b0ebfc5cc7f121d2780
---

# Base Roads Pavement Repair-Muñiz ANGB

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 13:44:17.676-04
- Solicitation Number: W50S9326BA002

## Summary

Invitation for Bids (IFB) Set-Aside for Small Businesses NAICS Code: 237310 - Highway, Street, and Bridge Construction 156th Wing, at the Muniz Air National Guard Base, Carolina, Puerto Rico intends to issue an Invitation for Bids to award a single firm fixed-price contract for services, non-personal, to provide all supervision, transportation, labor, materials, equipment, fuel and any other needed materials and quality control necessary, except as specified in Paragraph 3.0 as Government Furnished items, to perform road repair to deteriorated asphalt roads and support the Base Mission. This will require subbase, base and potholes repairs, milling existing asphalt surface and placement of a new asphalt layer on BG Mihiel Gilormini and Corsair Street areas shown on drawing attached to the SOW contained in this solicitation at Muniz Air National Guard Base, Carolina, PR. Total area consists of an estimated 5,750 Squared Meters. Repair works/contract completion time is 30 days after notice to proceed to include inspection and punch lists. The primary purpose of the project is to repair deteriorated asphalt roads to support the Base Mission. This will require subbase, base and potholes repairs, milling existing asphalt surface and placement of a new asphalt layer. The contract duration will be 30 calendar days after notice to proceed to include inspection and punch list. This project is set aside 100% for Small Business. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 237310, with a small business size standard for Small Business is $45.0M average annual revenue for the past three years. The magnitude of construction is between $100,000.00 and $250,000.00 The tentative date for issuing the solicitation is on-or-about April 10, 2026. The tentative date for the pre-bid conference and site visit is on-or-about April 17, 2026, 9:30 AM AST (local time), to be held at 200 Antonio (Tony) Santana Ave. 156th Wing Muniz P.R Air National Guard Base, Carolina, P.R. Civil Engineering Squadron Bldg.25 Interested contractors are encouraged to attend and shall follow conference registration and base access requirements shown in the here and in the solicitation. A site visit will follow the pre-bid conference. All questions or request for information (RFI) about the solicitation must be submitted on or before 2:00PM AST (local time) April 22, 2026, via email to angel.solis.2@us.af.mil, projected date set to provide Government responses is April 28, 2026 at close of business (4:00PM AST Local time) The bid opening date is tentatively planned for on-or-about May 11, 2026, at 10:00 AM AST (local time). Actual dates and times will be identified in the solicitation notice at www.SAM.gov. Interested offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). To register go to www.SAM.gov. Instructions for registering are on the web page (there is no fee for registration). To expedite base access, we would need the following documents before the date of the site visit: • Firm Name and Telephone Number • Visitor (s) Name • Copy of Driver’s License (Real ID) Please ensure timely electronic submittal of these documents at angel.solis.2@us.af.mil to prevent that your access be denied/delayed on or before April 15, 2026 (pre-bid conference and site visit) at close of business (4:00PM/AST), plan to arrive 30-40 minutes earlier to Muniz Air National Guard Base, Carolina, 00979 Puerto Rico. Although not mandatory, scheduled site visit is critical. We are trying to mitigate potential risks and damages for the government and potential contractor by showcasing the project level of effort. We suggest you carry all necessary material to take notes during the visit, as needed. The solicitation and associated information will be available only from the Contract Opportunities page at SAM.gov. Your attention is directed to FAR clause 52.219-14(e)(3) (DEVIATION 2021-O0008), LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING, which states “By submission of an offer and execution of a contract, the Offeror/Contractor agrees in performance of the contract for General construction, it will not pay more than 85 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor’s 85 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded”. In accordance with FAR 36.211(b), the following information is provided: (1) The National Guard has no agency-specific policies or procedures applicable to definitization of equitable adjustments for change orders under construction contracts other than those described at FAR 43.204, DFARS 243.204 and AFARS 5143.204. (2) Data for the prior 3 fiscal years regarding the time required to definitize equitable adjustments for change orders under construction contracts for the National Guard is currently not available, but will be compiled and provided in future announcements. DISCLAIMER: The official plans and specifications are located on the official government webpage and the Government is not liable for information furnished by any other source. Amendments, if/when issued will be posted to Contract Opportunities for electronic downloading. This will normally be the only method of distributing amendments prior to closing; therefore, it is the offeror’s responsibility to check the website periodically for any amendments to the solicitation. Websites are occasionally inaccessible for various reasons. The Government is not responsible for any loss of Internet connectivity or for an offeror’s inability to access the documents posted on the referenced web pages. The Government will not issue paper copies. All inquiries must be in writing, via email to the persons specified in the solicitation and this notice. This Invitation for Bids (IFB) is issued in accordance with FAR 14 and in conjunction with FAR 36 Construction procedures. Evaluation factor will be price. A single award will be made to the lowest fair and reasonable priced quote that meets the acceptable criteria. Actual dates and times will be identified in the solicitation. In accordance with (IAW) FAR Part 6 and DFARS Part 206, competitive selection procedures will apply. Evaluation factor is Price Only, subject to the offeror’s responsive and responsible determination. The Government intends to award without discussions. Interested offerors must be registered in SAM. To register go to: https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ . Instructions for registering are on the web page. The solicitation and associated information and the plans and specifications will be available only from the System of Award Management (SAM.gov) website online at https://SAM.gov/. SAM.gov is a web-based dissemination tool designed to safeguard acquisition-related information for all Federal agencies. Interested bidders/offerors must register with SAM.gov before accessing the system (there is no fee for registration). Please note that due to recent fraudulent activity, the process for fully activating (and updating) a registration at SAM has changed, and now requires the submission of a notarized letter to GSA. See the following link for additional information and the latest updates to this process: https://www.gsa.gov/samupdate . SAM.gov registration requires the following information: 1) Central Contractor Registration (CCR) Marketing Partner Identification Number (MPIN), 2) UNIQUE ENTITY ID (UEI) Number and CAGE Code, 3) Telephone Number, 4) Email address. Registration instructions can be found on the SAM.gov website at https://sam.gov/content/entity-registration . Please note the registration for access to the secure site takes approximately 15 business days. PLAN ACCORDINGLY. Bidders/Offerors cannot log into the SAM.gov home page and search for data. This solicitation is a competitive bid and there will be a formal public bid opening. Place of performance: 200 Antonio (Tony) Santana Ave. 156th Wing Muniz P.R Air National Guard Base, Carolina, P.R

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Angel F. Solis/Contract Specialist
  - Email: angel.solis.2@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7872535238
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Maj Rolando Perez
  - Email: rolando.perez.9@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7872539537

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/aa248e4a4d514b0ebfc5cc7f121d2780/view)