---
layout: default
title: Sole Source Action - Montana Federal Buildings (Butte, Bozeman, & Billings)
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 4b0b335055a0498cac008539c87449a5
---

# Sole Source Action - Montana Federal Buildings (Butte, Bozeman, & Billings)

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-21 08:41:42.057-04
- Solicitation Number: MTFederal-Buildings-BridgeSrvs

## Summary

This notice is not a request for proposals. The General Services Administration (GSA), Public Buildings Service (PBS) anticipates an award of a contract to Phoenix Management, Inc. (PMI) under the authority of FAR 6.103-1 (RFO-2025-06) (41 U.S.C. 3304(a)(1)), “Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements.” Currently, under Contract No.47PJ0019D0009, Phoenix Management, Inc. (PMI) provides full facility services (no facilities engineering) at the three Federal buildings in Butte-Bozeman-Billings, Montana. The full facilities services includes operations and maintenance, custodial (except for the Battin U.S. Courthouse), grounds maintenance, landscaping, snow and ice removal, integrated pest management, and other facility related services. A solicitation for this requirement will not be made available through the GPE. A solicitation will only be issued if the Government determines that a competitive procurement for this requirement is appropriate based on market research. All responsible sources that believe they can perform these services in their entirety and at a reasonable price must submit a written notification of interest and provide capability statement no later than March 27, 2026, 10:00 a.m. Mountain Time, which is the deadline for the Government’s receipt of such responses. Any written notice of interest and capability statement must be submitted directly to Dylan White at dylan.white@gsa.gov. It is solely within the discretion of the Government whether to conduct a competitive process for this proposed action based upon responses. Summary of Proposed Action. The proposed contract action is for full facility services at three Federal buildings in Montana, i.e., Butte (Mike Mansfield Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse, 400 N Main Street, Butte, MT 59701-8866), Bozeman (Federal Building and U.S. Post Office, 10 E Babcock Street, Bozeman, MT 59715-6202), and Billings (James F. Battin U.S. Courthouse, 2601 2nd Avenue North, Billings, MT 59101), for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source. See attached draft performance work statement for more details. Period of Performance. The anticipated period of performance for this contract action base requirement is five months (May 1, 2026 through September 30, 2026), with the option to extend the term of the contract on a monthly basis for up to an additional seven months thereafter. Contract Type. The anticipated type of contract is a firm-fixed price contract. Set-aside Status. Total Small Business Contractor Capabilities. Full facility services at three Federal buildings in Butte—Bozeman—Billings, Montana. The identified services include all management, supervision, personnel, labor, materials, equipment, transportation, tools, supplies, subcontracts, and other direct costs to satisfactorily perform the required full facilities services. Equipment and systems the contractor is responsible for include, but is not limited to, the following: electrical systems and equipment; mechanical systems; plumbing systems; heating, ventilation, exhaust systems and air conditioning (HVAC); fire protection and life safety systems and equipment; architectural and structural systems; building monitor and control systems; storm drainage systems; water systems; roofing systems; boiler systems; cooling towers; photovoltaic systems; maintenance of grounds irrigation systems; and dock levelers and garage doors. For the Government to consider this requirement for a competitive process, any business entity in its response to this proposed contract action must demonstrate that it can perform the full facilities services for the anticipated period of performance and that it has all the capabilities outlined in 1 – 10 below and that it will have them for the entire anticipated contract performance period with only a limited (no more than one week) or no transition period to start the performance of work. provide services for operations and maintenance services, landscaping, grounds maintenance, custodial, snow and ice removal, and integrated pest management; provide a staffing plan to satisfactorily perform the work and have the capability to hire and onboard employees within one week; demonstrate the capability to award subcontracts within a week after the award; provide a snow removal work plan preventative maintenance plan; provide a safety plan; water treatment plan; provide a quality control program; complete thorough review and inspection of all existing systems and equipment to generate a deficiency list; and obtain from the Government background investigations and security clearances for all employees and sub-contracted personnel by May 1, 2026. Additional Information. This special notice shall not be construed as a request for proposal nor a commitment by the Government. The Government shall not be responsible for any costs incurred in response to this special notice.

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4b0b335055a0498cac008539c87449a5/view)