---
layout: default
title: USACE LRD Env AE MATOC
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 0960a057ef204daf8a6d8869cbe48f6c
---

# USACE LRD Env AE MATOC

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-03 09:57:05.507-04
- Solicitation Number: W912QR-AE-Environmental-MATOC

## Summary

Description: We are conducting a market survey to gauge industry interest in an upcoming Environmental Architect-Engineer (AE) Multiple Award Task Order Contract (MATOC). This notice is intended for all interested parties, including both large and small business concerns, for the establishment of a single Multiple Award Task Order Contract (MATOC). The purpose of this survey is to assess the level of interest from both large and small businesses to finalize this acquisition strategy. All interested firms are encouraged to respond to this notice. If your firm is a Small Business, certified HUBZone, 8(a), Woman-Owned Small Business (WOSB), or Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), please clearly indicate all applicable socioeconomic statuses in your response. This information is critical for validating the small business reserve component of this MATOC. This notice does not constitute a solicitation announcement, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach. No solicitation or technical scope of services is available at this time. The Government will use the responses to this SOURCES SOUGHT notice to make acquisition decisions. Contract duration is estimated to be 5 Years, NAICS code is 541330, Engineering Services . Award of an Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract is being considered. This contract will have a period of performance of 5 years and have an estimated capacity of $225M. Project Description: Project includes performing work on a wide variety of Hazardous, Toxic, and Radiological (HTRW) sites in addition to other environmental sites in a manner that complies with federal, state, and local regulations and laws, and within timeframes required. A-E Services required under this contract will include, but are not limited to: Performing environmental studies, designs, and general support of environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA), Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act (SARA), Resource Recovery and Conservation Act (RCRA), Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA), Clean Water Act (CWA), the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA), and other federal programs. All interested Small, Certified HUBZone, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Business or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Business contractors should respond to this SOURCES SOUGHT by email no later than 20 April 2026 by 2:00 PM. The following requests are designed to apprise the US Army Corps of Engineers, Louisville District of any prospective small business project execution capabilities. Please provide your responses to the following. Provide up to 3 of your most relevant projects completed within the past 7 years. The submission is limited to 12 total pages of information. Responses should include: Identification and verification of the company’s small business status. Contractor's Unique Identifier Number and CAGE Code(s). Descriptions of Experience - Interested firms must provide a description of your firm’s past experience on completed projects within the last seven years which are similar to this project in scope. a. Projects similar in scope to this project include: The projects encompass a range of environmental investigations and remedial actions, including CERCLA Remedial Investigation (RI), Feasibility Studies (FS), Proposed Plans (PP), Decision Documents (DD), Remedial Designs (RD), Remedial Action-Construction as well as applicable equivalent stages under RCRA. Projects may range from low to highly complex projects. These projects typically focus on soil, sediment, groundwater and surface water studies to investigate environmental contaminants such as volatile organic compounds (VOCs) or per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS). Additionally, the scope includes documentation that necessitates review and approval by a State Licensed professional, such as a Professional Engineer (PE) or Professional Geologist (PG). b. Based on the information above, for each project submitted, include: 1. Current percentage of projects complete and the date when it was or will be completed. 2. Scope of the project. 3. The dollar value of the contract. 4. Identify the number of subcontractors by trade utilized for each project. 5. The portion and percentage of the project that was self-performed. c. Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) 1. Do you possess a CMMC and at what level (1, 2, or 3). 2. If not, when do you expect to obtain CMMC and at what level (1, 2, or 3); and 3. Do you project any changes to your CMMC status in the year following issuance of the market survey. 4. Small Businesses are reminded under FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting, that for a service contract, they must perform at least 50% of the cost of the contract incurred for personnel with the firm’s own employees. Please include the percentage of work that will be self-performed on this project, and how it will be accomplished. NOTE: Total submittal package shall be no longer than 12 pages. Please only include a narrative of the requested information; additional information will not be reviewed. Email responses and any questions to henry.c.caldera@usace.army.mil Please note this is NOT a Request for Proposal and does not constitute any commitment by the Government. Responses to the sources sought notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. All interested sources must respond to future solicitation announcements separately from responses to this market survey. All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (www.SAM.gov) prior to award of a contract. All proposed contractors are highly encouraged to review FAR Clause 52.232-33 Payments by Electronic Funds Transfer – System for Award Management, which indicates “All payments by the Government under this contract shall be made by electronic funds transfer (EFT).” Those not currently registered can obtain registration by going to the website http://www.SAM.gov. The process can usually be completed from 24 to 48 hours after submission. Contractors will need to obtain a Unique Entity Identifier (formerly DUNS number) for processing their registration. If you do not already have a Unique Entity Identifier, one can be obtained from http://www.SAM.gov. Refer to www.SAM.gov for information formerly found in CCR, EPLS, ORCA and FedReg. Please begin the registration process immediately in order to avoid delay to the contract award should your firm be selected. ALERT: You must submit a notarized letter appointing the authorized Entity Administrator before your registration will be activated. This requirement now applies to both new and existing entities. Effective 29 April 2018, the notarized letter process is now mandatory for all CURRENT registrants at SAM who have a requirement to update data on their SAM record. The notarized letter is mandatory and is required before the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) will activate the entity's registration. Effective 29 June 2018, vendors creating or updating their registration can have their registration activated prior to the approval of the required notarized letter. However, the signed copy of the notarized letter must be sent to the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) within 30 days of activation, or the vendor risks no longer being active in SAM. Vendors can check whether an account is active by performing a query by their CAGE or Unique Entity Identifier (known as DUNS). The new registration process may now take several weeks, so vendors are highly encouraged to begin registering as soon as possible to avoid any possible delays in future contract awards. Remember, there is no cost to use SAM. To find out additional information about the changes in the SAM registration process, contractors should visit the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) link located at the top of the SAM homepage (www.SAM.gov).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Henry Caldera
  - Email: henry.c.caldera@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 5023156791

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0960a057ef204daf8a6d8869cbe48f6c/view)