---
layout: default
title: 7910--Ride-On Floor Scrubbers
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 275cf0f019ff4e2baf6ab5f88ba9c112
---

# 7910--Ride-On Floor Scrubbers

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-13 15:43:16.831-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0401
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is NOT a solicitation or request for quote (RFQ). This is NOT a request for proposal (RFP). This is NOT a job advertisement for hiring employees. The VA is seeking QUALIFIED VENDORS to provide a very brief response to this notice including only just what is asked for in this notice below. This is sources sought notice to industry and the only information is posted on Contract Opportunities web page at SAM.gov. Sources sought means seeking qualified vendors. The attachments included on the Contract Opportunities page do not include any additional information. If your company is interested, please read this notice entirely and submit the required information, as requested herein. Mid-Size Floor Scrubbers Salt Lake City (VAHCS), Utah BRIEF SCOPE OF WORK (This is for information Only) Statement of Work (SOW) Ride-On Floor Scrubbers Background The Salt Lake City Veterans Health Care System Environmental Management Services is in need of 5 Ride-On Floor Scrubbers. Salt Lake City VA is an aging facility with worn-down floors that are in constant need of cleaning. Having an Auto disk scrubber will make it possible for these floors to be clean in house in a more expedited fashion with minimal disturbance to operations. Description Combines the maneuverability of a walk-behind scrubber with the productivity of a ride-on machine, making it ideal for medium to large-sized spaces within the VA hospital. The ride-on scrubber is engineered to meet the rigorous demands of commercial and institutional floor maintenance. It offers superior visibility and control. Its compact footprint allows for easy navigation in tight spaces and around obstacles, maximizing the cleaning path while ensuring high efficiency. Scope The contractor will have the requested products delivered to the VHASLC at 500 Foothill Drive Salt Lake City UT, 84148. Contractor is responsible for Installation of all accessories, pick up, freight, and delivery from point of origin to delivery at the Salt Lake City Veteran Affairs Hospital. Machines must be able to be locally maintained by factory certified facility. Salient Characteristics Cleaning Path Width: Must be available in 20 inches or 24 inches, providing flexibility depending on the size of the area being cleaned. Brush Type: Disc brush system, ensuring thorough cleaning of various floor types. Brush Motor:

0.6 Horsepower (HP) motor, offering consistent and effective cleaning performance. Solution Tank Capacity: 12 gallons, allowing for extended cleaning operations with fewer stops for refilling. Recovery Tank Capacity: 12 gallons, designed for easy access and cleaning, ensuring efficient recovery of dirty water. Battery Type: 130AH (Absorbent Glass Mat or AGM) batteries that offer reliable power for extended cleaning sessions. Charger: Onboard charger included, making it convenient to recharge the batteries without needing additional equipment. Must have the ECOFLEX System: Adjustable detergent control system that provides flexibility between water-only cleaning and different levels of detergent use, optimizing cleaning efficiency and reducing costs. Sound Level: Operates at 63 decibels (dBA) or lower, making it suitable for noise-sensitive environments such as hospitals, schools, and offices. Maximum Speed: 3.2 miles per hour (mph), increasing productivity by allowing quick coverage of larger areas. Dimensions: Length: Approximately 50 inches Width: 25 inches Height: 50 inches Compact footprint for easy navigation in tight spaces and around obstacles. Weight: No more than 435 lbs (including batteries), ensuring stability and ease of movement. Ease of Use: Intuitive control panel for user-friendly operation, ergonomic design for operator comfort, and minimal training required for effective use. Safety Features: Emergency shutdown for immediate stopping of the machine in case of an emergency, automatic brush stop to prevent damage when the machine is stationary, and non-slip wheels for safe maneuvering on various floor surfaces. Contractor Responsibilities: Procure and deliver the machines as specified. Install and set up the machine at the identified location with the COR. Provide all necessary documentation, including user manuals and maintenance logs. VA Responsibilities: Provide access to the facility for delivery and installation. Facilitate the contractor's access to necessary utilities and spaces for installation. The product will be delivered to the following location: Salt Lake City VAHCS 500 Foothill Dr. Salt Lake City, UT 84148 Please communicate via e-mail to Charles.Morton@va.gov by 10:00 MST on March 25, 2026 as to your company s ability to perform service per this brief Scope of Work. If interested, please provide the following: Provide company s capability statement describing ability to provide equipment that meets or conforms to the salient characteristics listed above *include specification or brochure documents for confirmation of equivalent products* Company s business size in relation to NAICS 339113 and socio-economic category (SDVOSB/VOSB/WOSB/Large Business): SAM UEI: FSS/GSA contract # (if applicable): Estimated lead time: Where are the products manufactured/COO: Only written responses, to items 1 through 6 above, will be accepted at this stage. Information is being gathered for market research purposes only. Industry exchanges and vendor teleconferences are at the discretion of the Contract Specialist. This is not a request for quotes. DISCLAIMER: This is a Request for Information (RFI) from industry in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 15.201(e) and on the requirement, that exists for the VA Medical Center(s) identified in this RFI. This is not a request for quote and not a contract. This announcement is not a request for proposals; therefore, responses to the RFI are not considered offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. No classified information should be included in the RFI response. Should you have concerns regarding this RFI you may request to contact the Contracting Office that will be assigned this requirement by emailing the sender of this RFI. Questions must be addressed in writing to the Contract Specialist. Requests for VA-business sensitive information, to include VA budget information, VA acquisition planning information, acquisition methods, strategies and set-asides must be addressed via the VA FOIA process: https://www.va.gov/foia/ Thank you for your interest in doing business with the VA. To learn more about the VA Mission, Vision, Core Values & Goals visit https://www.va.gov/about_va/mission.asp To understand the latest updates on the Veterans First Contracting Program visit https://www.va.gov/osdbu/verification/veterans_first_contracting_program_adjustments_to_reflect_the_supreme_court_kingdomware_decision.asp To find out how to do business with the VA visit https://www.va.gov/osdbu/library/dbwva.asp

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Charles Morton
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Charles.Morton@va.gov
  - Phone: 307-433-3739

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/275cf0f019ff4e2baf6ab5f88ba9c112/view)