---
layout: default
title: Industry Day Event for Special Ammunition and Weapons Systems and Non-NATO Commercial Ammunition
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 0971fbefad79471b81e9c888075db6c4
---

# Industry Day Event for Special Ammunition and Weapons Systems and Non-NATO Commercial Ammunition

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-27 15:46:57.509-04

## Summary

Update: General Session slides from SAWS Industry Day on March 24, 2026 is included as attachment herein. Any Questions or Feedback regarding the Industry Day and Draft SAWS RFP is requested by April 7, 2026 using the following form: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/pyTLHnsisF Purpose: Army Contracting Command – Rock Island (ACC-RI) and U.S. Army, Product Lead Special Ammunition and Weapon Systems (PdL?SAWS)?will host an Industry Engagement Event on March 24-25, 2026. This event will cover a range of topics concerning the potential acquisition strategy for Special Ammunition and Weapons Systems (SAWS), including contract structure, proposal submission, and proposal evaluation methods. A detailed agenda and additional content will be provided closer to the event date. The event will be held in person at the Hilton Garden Inn Rockaway, 375 Mt Hope Ave, Rockaway, NJ 07866 and will include both a general session and 1-on-1 vendor breakout sessions. To accommodate a wider range of industry partners, this event will proactively limit attendance to three (3) participants from each company for all sessions, to include the General Session and 1-on-1s. The USG reserves the right to further limit each company’s participant count, should capacity become an issue prior to the registration closing date. The General Session for all registered attendees will take place on the March 24, 2026, at 08:00 EST. Following this, the 1-on-1 sessions will be scheduled and commence accordingly. The purpose of these 1-on-1 sessions is to advance the SAWS pre-award effort by obtaining industry feedback to shape the Army’s evaluation methodology. All information provided by industry to the U.S. Government (USG) during these sessions will remain proprietary. Industry Day questions can be?submitted?in advance or using the live QR Code during the Q&A session on the day of the event. Questions and responses will be posted or addressed with other companies present, in an open forum during the general?Questions & Answers (Q&A)?session. Please?submit?industry day questions using the following link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/SDuCUM1Qk4 Please review the following policies and procedures for the 1-on-1 sessions: Session Focus: This time is for addressing the Industry feedback on Self-Scoring Matrix, Ammunition Categories List, and Evaluation requirements, not for capability statements or company briefings. Time Management: Sessions will be strictly timed to ensure fairness and adherence to the schedule. Timers will be used. Non-Binding Nature: These discussions are for market research only. Nothing stated by either party will be considered binding. Information discussed will not be applicable to any future proposal or evaluation. Participant Recording & Notes: Industry participants are prohibited from bringing personal recording devices. You may, however, take written notes as you see fit. While the primary purpose of these sessions is for the USG to listen, please be aware that if the USG answers any questions, both the questions and the official answers will be provided publicly after the event, with the company's name being kept anonymous. ACC-RI will provide official confirmation via email after the registration period closes. All information discussed at Industry Day will be Unclassified.? Registration Instructions: Respondents should submit their registration using the following link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/pLydzQVqh3 All registrations must be submitted no later than March 13, 2026 at 5:00PM EST. All costs associated with this Sources Sought/Notice and the upcoming Industry Event are the sole responsibility of the attendee/vendor. The requested information and any questions should be sent via e-mail to Logan E. Frye, Contract Specialist, ACC-RI, email logan.e.frye.civ@army.mil, and Lana Graw, Contracting Officer, ACC-RI email lana.r.graw.civ@army.mil.?

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Logan Frye
  - Email: logan.e.frye.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Lana Graw
  - Email: lana.r.graw.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: (520) 693-0286

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . Any Questions or Feedback regarding the Industry Day and Draft SAWS RFP is requested by April 7, 2026 using the following form: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/pyTLHnsisF Purpose: Army Contracting Command – Rock Island (ACC-RI) and U.S. Army, Product Lead Special Ammunition and Weapon Systems (PdL?SAWS)?will host an Industry Engagement Event on March 24-25, 2026. This event will cover a range of topics concerning the potential acquisition strategy for Special Ammunition and Weapons Systems (SAWS), including contract structure, proposal submission, and proposal evaluation methods. A detailed agenda and additional content will be provided closer to the event date. The event will be held in person at the Hilton Garden Inn Rockaway, 375 Mt Hope Ave, Rockaway, NJ 07866 and will include both a general session and 1-on-1 vendor breakout sessions. To accommodate a wider range of industry partners, this event will proactively limit attendance to three (3) participants from each company for all sessions, to include the General Session and 1-on-1s. The USG reserves the right to further limit each company’s participant count, should capacity become an issue prior to the registration closing date. The General Session for all registered attendees will take place on the March 24, 2026, at 08:00 EST. Following this, the 1-on-1 sessions will be scheduled and commence accordingly. The purpose of these 1-on-1 sessions is to advance the SAWS pre-award effort by obtaining industry feedback to shape the Army’s evaluation methodology. All information provided by industry to the U.S. Government (USG) during these sessions will remain proprietary. Industry Day questions can be?submitted?in advance or using the live QR Code during the Q&A session on the day of the event. Questions and responses will be posted or addressed with other companies present, in an open forum during the general?Questions & Answers (Q&A)?session. Please?submit?industry day questions using the following link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/SDuCUM1Qk4 Please review the following policies and procedures for the 1-on-1 sessions: Session Focus: This time is for addressing the Industry feedback on Self-Scoring Matrix, Ammunition Categories List, and Evaluation requirements, not for capability statements or company briefings. Time Management: Sessions will be strictly timed to ensure fairness and adherence to the schedule. Timers will be used. Non-Binding Nature: These discussions are for market research only. Nothing stated by either party will be considered binding. Information discussed will not be applicable to any future proposal or evaluation. Participant Recording & Notes: Industry participants are prohibited from bringing personal recording devices. You may, however, take written notes as you see fit. While the primary purpose of these sessions is for the USG to listen, please be aware that if the USG answers any questions, both the questions and the official answers will be provided publicly after the event, with the company"s name being kept anonymous. ACC-RI will provide official confirmation via email after the registration period closes. All information discussed at Industry Day will be Unclassified.? Registration Instructions: Respondents should submit their registration using the following link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/pLydzQVqh3 All registrations must be submitted no later than March 13, 2026 at 5:00PM EST. All costs associated with this Sources Sought/Notice and the upcoming Industry Event are the sole responsibility of the attendee/vendor. The requested information and any questions should be sent via e-mail to Logan E. Frye, Contract Specialist, ACC-RI, email logan.e.frye.civ@army.mil, and Lana Graw, Contracting Officer, ACC-RI email lana.r.graw.civ@army.mil.?

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0971fbefad79471b81e9c888075db6c4/view)