---
layout: default
title: SEAT,VALVE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 2c62b3ac35f8455d9e9136687ad04345
---

# SEAT,VALVE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 14:18:45.153-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QNB81

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N744.13|WVN|n/a|gordon.kohl@navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|ISO 9001| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|A| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|wss| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|1 year from delivery date|1 year from delivery date||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| WARRANTY OF DATA-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0035) (FEB 2026)|2||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REPRESENTATIONS (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|20|332912|1000||||||||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2|x|| This is a Level I Repair using emergency acquisition procedures, EAF. DD1423 Data Item A001 may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg and current. Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be "DX" rated order; certified for national defense use under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). This requires oxygen cleaning and requires Navy Source Certification prior toO2 cleaning. This applies only to NIIN 009331490. The resulting contract from this request for proposal/request for quotations will utilize Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV). See NAVSUPWSSFA24 or NAVSUPWSSFA25 for more details. FOB Destination Evaluation for the award of the proposed requirement will be based upon thelowest aggregate total price submitted for the total quantity, and delivery. Delivery date will also be a factor. Any asset for which the contractor does not meet the awarded delivery will incur a price reduction of 15% of unit price. This adjustment will be implemented via Reduction Modification at the expiration of delivery time. Price reductions made pursuant to this section shall not limit other remedies available to the Government for failure to meet required delivery. Desired, not required, delivery is 14 months. Delivery will be negotiated. However once agreed to on the award, that delivery is required. If drawings are included in the solicitation, access needs to be requested on the individual solicitation page on Contracts Opportunities on the Government's SAM website. Vendor must be ISO 9001. Provide proof with your quote. Unanswered questions below will constitute an inadequate quote: Questions to answer within your quote, in addition to your price : 1. Delivery Time for first unit: __________________________ 2. If more than one unit to build, after shipping the first unit, the number of assets able to ship each month thereafter ________ 3. Offer valid until ___________________. I prefer that quotes be valid throughat least 30 Sep, if feasible.) 4. Source Inspection Location (CAGE): ________ Note, inspection by DCMA is required prior to shipping. Destination Inspection is not allowed. 5. Source Acceptance Location (CAGE): ________ Inspection by DCMA is required prior to shipping. Destination Acceptance is not allowed. 6. Pack Location (CAGE): ________ Indicate if packaging will be done by an outside source. 7. Is this going to be manufactured in the US? ______ 8. POC name and email: ____________________________ 9. FOB is Destination 10. This is for NIIN ____________. Fill out same thing for other NIINsQuote the NIINs you can quote. No bid the others. I do not expect you to be able to quote every NIIN. 1. SCOPE

1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained.

2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. 2.2.2 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.2.3 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=EB-4147 |96169| B|SP |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=ER2641-405-01C1 |96169| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=ER2641-405-01C2 |96169| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=ER2641-405-01C3 |96169| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=ER2641-405-01C4 |96169| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=2641-405-01 |96169| C| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7108936 |53711| G|DW |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7284884 |53711| F| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7284886 |53711| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=8544033 |53711| H| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 | | |B |190424|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 |0020| |B |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B150 | | | |190401|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A240 | | |B |241115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A262 | | | |150901|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A351 | | | |240501|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A574 | | | |211201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-F606 | | | |191115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B633 | | | |151201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-1222 | | |J |001208|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-1330 | | |E |220516|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-15024 | | |G |180303|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-18240 | | |F |000313|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QPL 18240 | | |QPD|140611|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE AMS-QQ-S-763 | | |D |150301|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;The 1/4-inch, 4500 PSI, Socket weld Ball Valve must be in accordance with Electric Boat Drawing 2641-405-01, Assembly IAZY and all liabilities provided with this Contract/Purchase Order, except as amplified or modified herein.;

3.2 Oxygen Cleaning - This material must be cleaned, tested, packaged & labeled by trained personnel and procedures in accordance with MIL-STD-1330, General.

3.3 Material for Parts Requiring Certification - Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis is required for the parts listed below unless specifically stated otherwise: Part - ;Body, Item 1 on Drawing 7284886; Material - ;ASTM-A351, Grade CF3M; Part - ;Bonnet Cap, Item 15 on Drawing 8544033; Material - ;SAE AMS-QQ-S-763, Class 304, Condition A or ASTM-A240, Type 304; Part - ;Stem, Item 11 on Drawing 8544033; Material - ;ASTM-B150, Alloy C63200, Temper TQ50; Part - ;Self-Locking Socket Head Cap Screw, Item 121 on Drawing 2641-405-01; Material - ;High Strength Steel, MIL-DTL-1222, Type II, Grade A574 with Mechanical Properties in accordance with General Note 22 on Drawing 2641-405-01. Self-Locking Element in accordance with MIL-DTL-18240.; Part - ;Ball (Q3), Item 2 on Drawing 8544033; Material - ;SAE AMS-QQ-S-763, Class 304, Condition A; Part - ;Seats (Q3), Piece 43 on Drawing 7284884; Material - Torlon 4503, 4203, or 4203L (unfilled polyamide-imide) per Electric Boat Specification 4147. (Certificate of Compliance only is required)

3.4 Testing Certification - Certifications are required for the following tests on the items listed below. Additional testing on other piece parts (if any) per applicable drawings and specifications is still required, but certifications are only required as listed below. Test - Pressure Tests Item - Each Assembly Performance - ;General Note 6 on Drawing 2641-405-01 (Note 6.A for a minimum of 5 minutes, Note 6.B for a minimum of 1 minute, Note 6.C for a minimum of 3 minutes); Acceptance - ;General Note 6 on Drawing 2641-405-01; Test - ;Liquid Penetrant Inspection or Magnetic Particle Inspection (Wet Method) (Either inspection is acceptable); Item - ;Self-Locking Socket Head Cap Screw, Item 121 on Drawing 2641-405-01; Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271; Sampling must be per MIL-DTL-1222 Acceptance - MIL-DTL-1222 Test - Intergranular Corrosion Test (Only for SAE-AMS-QQ-S-763, Classes 304-condition A, 304L, 316-condition A, 316L, 317-condition A, 321 and 347 material. Test must be performed prior to fabrication/machining) Item - ;Bonnet Cap, Item 15 on Drawing 8544033 and Ball, Item 2 on Drawing 8544033; Performance - SAE-AMS-QQ-S-763 Acceptance - SAE-AMS-QQ-S-763 Test - Intergranular Corrosion Testing Item - ;Bonnet Cap, Item 15 on Drawing 8544033 (when manufactured from ASTM-A240 material); Performance - ASTM-A262, Practice E Acceptance - ASTM-A262 Test - Non-Destructive Tests Item - ;Weld Repair and/or Production Weld (as applicable); Performance - Per applicable fabrication specification Acceptance - Per applicable fabrication specification

3.5 The pressure tolerance must be as specified in the assembly drawing, detail drawing, design specification or elsewhere in this contract. Where pressure tolerances are not provided by drawings, specifications or specified elsewhere in this contract, the following must be used: For pressure tests below 100 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +1 PSIG / -0 PSIG. For pressure tests at or above 100 PSIG up to and including 2500 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +2% / -0 PSIG rounded off to the nearest multiple of the smallest graduation on an analog test pressure gauge, not to exceed 50 PSIG. For pressure tests above 2500 PSIG, the pressure tolerance must be +2% / -0 PSIG, rounded off to the nearest multiple of the smallest graduation on an analog test pressure gauge, not to exceed 200 PSIG. The pressure test time tolerance must be as specified in the assembly drawing, detail drawing, design specification or elsewhere in this contract. Where pressure test time tolerances are not provided by drawings, specifications or specified elsewhere in this contract, the following must be used: For a test duration up to and including 1 hour, the tolerance must be +5 minutes / - 0 minutes. For a test duration of more than 1 hour up to and including 24 hours, the tolerance must be +30 minutes / - 0 minutes. For a test duration of more than 24 hours, the tolerance must be +60 minutes / - 0 minutes.

3.6 Chemours Company (formerly DuPont) Teflon Coating 850G-204 and 852G-201. Use of Chemours Company (formerly DuPont) Teflon Coating 851N-204 and 852N-201 is acceptable until exhausted - Teflon coating of ball(s) must be in accordance with general note ;6; of drawing ;845-8544033; . 3.6.1 Naval Ordnance Systems Command OD 10362 First Revision dated 15 Aug 1961 is provided by Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD018 in ECDS at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 3.6.2 CSD099 provides guidance for acceptance/rejection of teflon-coated valve balls after valve assembly production testing.

3.7 Contract Support Library - Additional requirements for this item are identified as Contract Support Library Reference Number ;CSD099; in ECDS at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/

3.8 Ball Spherical Surface Waviness - Unless otherwise specified on drawing, all sealing area surfaces must have a spherical surface waviness which does not exceed 0.0005 inches of height per inch of spherical surface. Roughness and waviness ratings must apply in a direction which yields the maximum rating, normally perpendicular to the lay. 3.9 ;Surface waviness must be verified prior to Teflon coating.;

3.10 Seat Stack Height Measurement - To ensure that each seat is within tolerance, check each seat individually by measuring the seat height with the ball resting on the seat. Limits are determined by the ball diameter tolerance and the stack height tolerance combined. Refer to CSD171 for recommended methods to measure and calculate stack heights. CSD171 is available in the ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/.

3.11 O-ring grooves and mating sealing surfaces must be inspected per the contractually invoked drawings or specifications. When the drawings or specifications do not provide specific defect criteria or state that no defects are allowed, the General Acceptance Criteria (GAC) standard must be used for inspecting O-ring grooves and mating sealing surfaces only. Repairs to sealing surfaces and O-ring grooves with unacceptable defects may be accomplished within the limits of the size and tolerances provided in the applicable drawing. Repairs thatwould exceed these limits require approval (including final dimensions). The data that is red lined (crossed out) is excluded from the GAC for this contract and is not to be used for acceptance or rejection criteria. The GAC document is identified as Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD008 at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/

3.12 Thread Inspection Requirements - All threads on threaded parts must be inspected using appropriate inspection methods, inspection systems, and inspection gages/instruments in accordance with FED-STD-H28 series. Substitution of thecommercial equivalent inspection in accordance with ASME B1 series is acceptable. 3.12.1 System 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used as a minimum inspection requirement for threads when the design drawing or design specification does not specify an inspection requirement. 3.12.2 For Navy and Shipyard drawings, system 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 may be substituted for System 22 without further Navy approval when the design drawing invokes System 22 and does not cite governing specifications that specifically require system 22. System 22 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used when the drawing references other governing specifications that specifically require System 22, such as certain thread types of MIL-DTL-1222. 3.12.3 A written request for concurrence must be submitted when utilizing alternative measuring equipment or measuring systems not applicable to the specified inspection system.

3.13 Internal Threads - All internal threads must be formed by cutting. Cold forming of internal threads is not acceptable.

3.14 Wedge Tensile Test Specimens (Headed fasteners) - A wedge tensile test must be conducted on a Full Size Fastener for each production lot and reported aspart of the Mechanical Properties. The required specimens for the Wedge Tensile Test must be separate fasteners from those required for the Yield Test. 3.14.1 Testing for Socket Head Cap Screws must be in accordance MIL-DTL-1222, paragraphs 4.5.2.3 and 4.5.2.3.1. 3.14.2 Testing for all other Headed Fasteners with a nominal diameter greater than 1/4-inch must be in accordance with ASTM-F606 for grades 5, 8, B7, and B16.For all other grades, the following wedge angles must be used. a. Except as specified in item c below, fasteners with a nominal diameter of 1/4-inch through 1-inch (inclusive) must be tested with a ten degree wedge. b. Except as specified in item c below, fasteners with a nominal diameter over 1-inch must be tested with a six degree wedge. c. Fasteners that are of grades 8, B7, B16, 410, 416, 416Se, 431, and 630 and are threaded within one diameter to the underside of the head must be tested as follows: Sizes 1/4 inch through 3/4 inch (inclusive) Use a six degree wedgeSizes over 3/4 inch Use a four degree wedge d. Fasteners which have passed testing with wedge angles greater than those specified should be considered acceptable. 3.14.3 For fasteners having a length less than the minimum specified in Table 1 of ASTM-F606, one "test specimen fastener" must be manufactured from each lot of fasteners and tested to represent that lot. The length of these test specimen fasteners must meet the minimum specified in table 1 of ASTM-F606 but must not exceed it by more than 1/4 inch. Test specimen fasteners must be the same type, style, and diameter as the production lot and must be manufactured from the same starting material, using the same manufacturing techniques as the production lot, and must be heat treated (if required) along with the production lot.

3.15 Thread Forming - The following provides the official interpretation of paragraph 4.5.2.7 of MIL-DTL-1222. 3.15.1 In order to qualify for "Alternate Mechanical Testing" found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7 and utilize the mechanical properties for the starting bar stock in lieu of performing yield strength or proof stress testing on finished fasteners, all of the subsequent provisions found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraphs 4.5.2.7 a through e must be met. If any single provision is not met, all required mechanical testing must be performed on the finished full sized fasteners. These provisions are explained as follows: a. Proper product lot control and traceability must be in place. b. No heat treatment (including hot heading and hot forming), cold forming, drawing, rolling and thread rolling may be performed on the starting bar, fastener blanks or finished fasteners after the completion of the mechanical testing on the starting bar. c. and d. The proper size starting bar must be selected to ensure mechanical properties of finished fasteners are represented by the mechanical properties of the starting bar. e. The mandatory testing, axial tensile (studs) and wedge tensile (screws and bolts) must be performed on full sized fasteners. Note that there is a typographical error in paragraph 4.5.2.7 and that the axial load test is a mandatory test that must be performed on studs as required in paragraph 4.5.2.7.e. 3.15.2 Thread rolling is a cold working process and is not considered to be a machining or grinding operation. Therefore, fasteners which have rolled threads do not satisfy the provisions of MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7.b and are not eligible for the "Alternate Mechanical Testing" provision. 3.15.3 Thread rolling alone is not a sufficient cold working process to qualify a fastener to be in the cold worked (CW) condition. This condition is only applicable to some 300 series stainless steel studs, screws and nuts. These CW condition fasteners must be manufactured from cold worked bar stock or be cold headed in order to qualify. The threads may subsequently be rolled, machined or ground. Testing of the finished fasteners and/or reporting of the starting bar stock material properties is subject to the same provisions found in MIL-DTL-1222J paragraph 4.5.2.7 and discussed above.

3.16 Hydrogen Embrittlement Relief - Plated/coated fasteners and fasteners per paragraph 3.7 of MIL-DTL-1222 require hydrogen embrittlement relief heat treatment in accordance with ;MIL-DTL-1222 for Externally Threaded Fasteners of paragraph 3.7 of MIL-DTL-1222.; . Certification is required.

3.17 Component Identification Description (CID) - When applicable drawing(s) and/or specification(s) specify that a nameplate or identification plate is required, the CID number ( ;CID T887305860; ) must be added. When no plate is specified, an identification plate in accordance with MIL-DTL-15024, Type "C" on brass or Type "H" on aluminum must be securely attached to each assembly showing the above CID number. No assembly must be shipped without the CID number attached. 3.18 ;Plastic color coding of valve handle is not required.;

3.19 Welding or Brazing - When welding, brazing, and allied processes are required, as invoked by Section C paragraph 3 requirements, they must be in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, 0900-LP-001-7000 for brazing of piping and pressure vessel applications, or S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 for brazing of other applications. For all production and repair welding and brazing personnel and procedures must be qualified under S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 or 0900-LP-001-7000, as applicable. Procedures and Qualification Data must be submitted for review and approval prior to performing any welding or brazing.

3.20 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.20.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.20.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.20.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change.

3.21 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection.

3.22 NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010 - Any applicable requirements of NAVSHIPS 4410.17,NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010, or 0948-045-7010 which the contractor must meet are included in this contract/purchase order. The above documents are for GovernmentUse Only. Further application of the above documents is prohibited.prohibited. 3.22.1 Marking of material with a Material Designator per the Drawing is also prohibited, with the exception of Fasteners. Fasteners must be marked with a Material Symbol/Designator as specified elsewhere in this contract.

3.23 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^

3.24 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Test Certification) - A statement of tests performed, listing the pieces tested must be furnished along with a copy of the test results. Certification must include the contractor's name, address and date, quantity inspected, identified to the contract/purchase order and item number, and the Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature. Test certifications must reference the standard/specification, including the revision, to which the testing was performed and the acceptance criteria used. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. Test reports on weldments must be identified to weld joint and layer.

3.25 Welding Requirements - When production or repair welding is required, the applicable welding procedure(s) and qualification data must be submitted for review and approval. In addition, the CONSUMED WELD METAL C of C as defined below must be submitted as part of the certification OQE package submitted by the Contractor. Note: These requirements do not apply to tack/spot welds when the conditions of Section 4.2.1.1 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 are met. 3.25.1 Approval of the Contractor's qualification data must be obtained prior to performing any welding (production or repair). 3.25.2 If the Contractors qualification data has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the procedures and qualification data report to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable welding procedure and qualification data report identification/number. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. As far as practical, all procedures for the contract must be submitted at the same time. Welding procedures and qualification data must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. The contractor must state the applicability of each weld procedure and qualification data submitted, citing the drawing number and pieces to be welded. (i.e. ''WP-123 and QD-123 are submitted for the weld joint between pieces 1 and 2 on drawing ABC'.' WP-456 and QD-456 are submitted for the hardfacing of piece 3 on drawing XYZ'') 3.25.3 The PCO's authorization for the use of weld procedure(s) and qualification data for the specific application as submitted does not mitigate the vendors responsibility to comply with the requirements of S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248, S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, and the contract. 3.25.4 Authority for the repair of Special Repairs in castings, the repair of wrought material, or the repair of forged material must be obtained via request for waiver from the Procurement Contracting Officer. This request must describe the defect; including size, depth, location, and a description of the proposed repair. Repairs deemed minor or nominal in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 can be made at contractor discretion in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 requirements; however, Weld Procedure Specification (WPS) and Procedure Qualification Record (PQR) submittals are still required. This request for NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted via the Electronic Contractor Data Submission (ECDS) application. 3.25.5 Any new procedure qualification performed under this Contract will require the vendor to provide a minimum 72 hour notification to DCMA with an offer to observe the welding of the test assemblies. The 72 hour time limit may be modified upon mutual agreement between the vendor and DCMA. 3.25.6 When drawings require hardfacing surface Iron or Nickel content not to exceed 5%, the contractor must verify surface Iron or Nickel content by performing chemical testing as defined by the applicable drawing. The chemical test results must be submitted as part of the qualification data. 3.25.7 Additional qualification requirements for production hardfacing thickness less than 1/8-inch: Macro-etch (or legible photomacrographs clearly showing the fusion area) must be submitted for review and show consistent, minimized dilution. All essential elements and any elements not listed in S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 that influence dilution must be in the qualification data and weld procedure, with strict limits placed on each essential element. 3.25.8 Preparation and retention of weld records is required, as specified by paragraph 4.1.3 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278. 3.25.9 When production or repair welding is required on titanium materials, the applicable fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, and active welder qualification must also be submitted for review and approval. 3.25.10 If the contractor's fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, or active welder qualification has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the applicable documentation to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable documentation. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. The contractor's fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, and active welder qualification must be submitted at the same time as the applicable welding procedure(s) and weld procedure qualification data. All documentation must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format, such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. 3.25.11 A Certificate of Compliance is required for all weld filler metals used for production or repair welding, and must include the following: a) Filler Metal LOT number(s) b) Specification and Type c) A positive statement that the vendor has obtained OQE and verified thateach LOT of weld filler material conforms to specification requirements. d) A positive statement verifying that the weld filler metals were the correct material type or grade prior to consumption. 3.25.12 When production welds or repair welds are...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176053629
  - Email: GORDON.KOHL.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=EB-4147 |96169| B|SP |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=ER2641-405-01C1 |96169| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=ER2641-405-01C2 |96169| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=ER2641-405-01C3 |96169| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=ER2641-405-01C4 |96169| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=2641-405-01 |96169| C| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7108936 |53711| G|DW |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7284884 |53711| F| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7284886 |53711| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=8544033 |53711| H| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 | | |B |190424|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 |0020| |B |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B150 | | | |190401|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A240 | | |B |241115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A262 | | | |150901|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A351 | | | |240501|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A574 | | | |211201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-F606 | | | |191115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B633 | | | |151201|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-1222 | | |J |001208|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-1330 | | |E |220516|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-15024 | | |G |180303|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-18240 | | |F |000313|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QPL 18240 | | |QPD|140611|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE AMS-QQ-S-763 | | |D |150301|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;The 1/4-inch, 4500 PSI, Socket weld Ball Valve must be in accordance with Electric Boat Drawing 2641-405-01, Assembly IAZY and all liabilities provided with this Contract/Purchase Order, except as amplified or modified herein

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2c62b3ac35f8455d9e9136687ad04345/view