---
layout: default
title: ACTUATOR,ELECTRO-ME
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: a2b17a4732fb44eda2c1c4782546e1b8
---

# ACTUATOR,ELECTRO-ME

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 06:35:48.122-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QFC13

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N743.25|WVU|771-229-1462|jordan.d.neely2.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| MARKINGS LEVEL I/SUBSAFE/DSS-SOC/TRIPER|5|||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|See specifications Section C and Section E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|X||X|||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|A| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications; COMBO - Receiving Report & Invoice - Material|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|N39040 - Certifications, S4306A - Material|N50286|tbd|136|n/a|n/a|N39040 - Certifications.|n/a|n/a |See form DD1423|PORT_PTNH_WAWF_NOTIFICATION@NAVY.MIL (L1) JORDAN.D.NEELY2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|One year from date of delivery|365 DAYS AFTER DELIVERY OF CONTRACT||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| 1.DD1423 Data Item A001 (Inspection and Test Plan) may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. 2.All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed here in. 3.The following proposed delivery schedule applies: Submission of Certification Data CDRLs will be on or before 20 days prior to scheduled delivery. PNSY review/acceptance of Certification CDRLs 30 working days after receipt of Certification DD 1423 CDRLs. Final delivery of material will be on or before 85 days after effective date of the resulting contract. 4.Any contract awarded because of this solicitation will be a DO rated order certified for national defense use under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). 5. If requirement is packaged at a location different from the offeror's address, the offeror shall provide the name, street address, and CAGE of the facility. 6. Early and incremental delivery is acceptable at no additional cost to the Government. 7.Final delivery of material (85 Days). 8.This is a Level I Repair. 9.Please submit: NOT TO EXCEED (NTE) pricing or FIRM FIXED PRICE (FFP). This includes the teardown, evaluation, inspection and full repair of the item to "like new" or "A" condition. See statement of work in solicitation. Please also provide an approximate cost of new item if available. 10.A beyond repair (BR)/ beyond economic repair (BER) price shall also beprovided in addition to the repair price at time submission of quote. X. Do NOT include the cost for shipping material as the government implemented shipping system or ATAC will be shipping/delivering material. 11.This contract utilizes Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV). See clause NAVSUPWSSFA25 for further details. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as Special Emphasis SUBSAFE/Non-Level I material and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. 2.2.2 The documents and drawings listed below under DRAWING NO. are not provided with this Contract/Purchase order. DRAWING NO CAGE REV DISTR CD ;1852-1332 09176 B B; 2.2.3 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE AMS-STD-2154 | | |E |210701|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9086-S4-STM-010 |0556| |10 |170701|C| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-5541 | | |F |060711|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Refurbished Material - This item must be inspected and where necessary, refurbished to be in accordance with CAGE ;09176; , drawing ;1852-1332; ,except as amplified or modified herein. 3.1.1 Parts that are replaced during refurbishment must be in accordance with this TDP (Technical Data Package). 3.1.2 The Prime Contractor must be the ;OEM for sole source repair; . 3.2 ;Exposed bare material surfaces must be preserved in accordance with NAVSEA S9086-S4-STM010/CH-556 or MIL-DTL-5541 and shall have no surface corrosion.; 3.3 A Certificate of Tests is required for non-destructive, hydrostatic, and operational testing as required by the assembly drawing and the maintenance standard, when invoked. Non-destructive testing must be in accordance with T9074-AS-GIB-010/271. 3.4 Certificate of Compliance - (Special Emphasis SUBSAFE/Non-Level I MATERIAL) - The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance traceable to each serialized component, certifying that the components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. 3.5 Each component must be assigned a unique serial number. The component must be marked with this serial number on the major piece part of the assembly. (e.g. body, casing) Serial number marking must be permanently applied in accordance with MIL-STD-792. This serial number must also be annotated on the C of C to provide positive traceability. 3.5.1 In the event of refurbishment, if an existing readable serial number is found on the component, a suffix must be applied to ensure the final serial number is unique. 3.6 Welding or Brazing - When welding, brazing, and allied processes are required, as invoked by Section C paragraph 3 requirements, they must be in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, 0900-LP-001-7000 for brazing of piping and pressure vessel applications, or S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 for brazing of other applications. For all production and repair welding and brazing personnel and procedures must be qualified under S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 or 0900-LP-001-7000, as applicable. Procedures and Qualification Data must be submitted for review and approval prior to performing any welding or brazing. 3.7 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.7.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.7.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.7.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change. 3.8 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^ 3.9 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-45662, is acceptable as an alternate. 3.9.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/nonacceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.9.2 The Contractor's quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.9.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of SUBSAFE/Non-Level (Q5) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.9.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.9.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption. 3.10 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. 3.10.1 The supplier's gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.10.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative. 3.11 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements. 3.12 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements to apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately." 3.13 Final Inspection - The following inspection must be performed prior to shipping material. 3.13.1 Material Sampling - Material must be inspected for form, fit, and function. Lot acceptance must be based on zero defects and lot rejection based on one defect. The sample size must be in accordance with the sampling plan(s) in the applicable military specification or standard, federal specification or standard, or drawing to which the material was manufactured. In the absence of such sampling plans, sampling inspection must be per ANSI/ASQ-Z1.4, general inspection level II (for sample size selection code), table IIA (for sample size). SMALL LOT SIZES - For lot sizes of fifty or less, the minimum sample size must be eight units. For lot sizes of eight or less, the sample size must be one hundred percent of the lot. 3.13.2 Material must be inspected for form, fit, and function in accordance with the sampling plan(s) in the applicable military specification or standard, federal specification or standard, or drawing to which the material was manufactured. The absence of such sampling plans, sampling inspection must be per ANSI/ASQ-Z1.4, general inspection level II (for sample size selection code), table IIA (for sample size) with lot acceptance based on zero defects and lot rejection based on one defect. Due to the high consumer risk associated with small sample sizes, the minimum sample size must be eight units (for lot sizes of fifty or less) or one hundred percent (for lot sizes of eight or less). 3.13.3 The Manufacturer may elect to use Statistical Process Control (SPC) to assure product quality in lieu of the above attribute sampling plan, provided that the SPC methodology/system used provides acceptable products to the Government. However, the Government/Navy Receipt Inspection Activity may perform their acceptance inspection of the material using the attribute sampling plan outlined above. 3.14 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Special Emphasis SUBSAFE/Non-Level I Material C of C) - The certificate of compliance must contain: 1. Contractor's name, address, phone number and date 2. The contract issuing agency's Contract/Purchase Order number 3. The national stock number (NSN) 4. Government nomenclature (noun name) of the item purchased 5. Contractor's nomenclature (noun name) of item purchased 6. Component Serial Number 7. Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature 8. A statement to the effect that all items furnished on this contract are in full compliance with the specifications and requirements. Submission must be in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). 3.15 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Special Emphasis SS-NON-LI Hydrostatic, NDT per T9074-AS-GIB-010/271, and Operational Testing) - The Certificate of Tests (C of T) shall contain: 1. Contractor's name, address, phone number and date 2. The contract issuing agency's Contract/Purchase Order number 3. The national stock number (NSN) 4. Government nomenclature (noun name) of the item purchased 5. Contractor's nomenclature (noun name) of item purchased 6. Component Serial Number 7. Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature 8. A statement of tests performed listing the pieces tested. a. The standard/specification to which testing was performed. b. The revision of the standard/specification. c. The acceptance criteria used. 9. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. 10. Test reports on welds shall be identified to weld joint and layer. 11. When Hydrostatic Tests, Operational Testing, or NDT is not required per the applicable drawing, the C of T shall so state. (i.e. "No NDT is required per the applicable drawing.") 3.16 See CDRLs DI-MISC-80875 (welding procedures) and DI-MISC-80876 (weld procedure qualification data) - When production or repair welding or brazing is required, the applicable welding/brazing procedure(s) and qualification data must be submitted for review and approval. Note: These requirements do not apply to tack/spot welds when the conditions of Section 4.2.1.1 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 are met. 3.16.1 Approval of the Contractor's qualification data must be obtained prior to performing any welding (production or repair). Welding/brazing qualification must be in accordance with S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248. Applications for which commercial welding is allowed must have procedures and qualification data which meet all applicable requirements of the specification (AWS, ASME, ETC.). The procedure and qualification data must state the specification and its revision that is being used. Suppliers that are unsure if commercial welding is allowed for a particular application must contact the Procurement Contracting Officer. 3.16.2 If the Contractors qualification data has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable welding procedure and qualification data report identification/number and revision. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. As far as practical, all procedures for the contract must be submitted at the same time. Welding procedures and qualification data must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. The contractor must state the applicability of each weld procedure and qualification data submitted, citing the drawing number and pieces to be welded. (i.e. "WP-123 and QD-123 are submitted for the weld joint between pieces 1 and 2 on drawing ABC." WP-456 and QD-456 are submitted for the hardfacing of piece 3 on drawing XYZ.") Authority for the repair of Special Repairs in castings and authority for the repair of wrought or forged material must be obtained from the Procurement Contracting Officer. This request must describe the defect; including size, depth, location, and a description of the proposed repair. This request for NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted via the Electronic Contractor Data Submission (ECDS) application. 3.16.3 Any new procedure qualification performed to S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 under this Contract will require the vendor to provide a minimum 48 hour notification to DCMA with an offer to observe the welding of the test assemblies. The 48 hour time limit may be modified upon mutual agreement between the vendor and DCMA. 3.16.4 Preparation and retention of weld records is required, as specified by paragraph 4.1.3 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 or as specified in applicable commercial welding specifications. 3.16.5 When production welds or repair welds are performed by a subcontractor, the requirement for submission of all certification documentation required herein must be passed down to the subcontractor. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 Notes to DCMA QAR and the Contractor - 4.1.1 DCMA QAR and the Contractor for proprietary designs - Departures from Contractor imposed requirements, not specifically covered by the contract, must be judged individually on the basis of the effect, if any, on contractual requirements. When there is a disagreement between the Contractor and the Government representative as to the effect on contractual requirements, the departure must be considered a nonconformance and be submitted to the PCO for disposition. 4.1.2 DCMA QAR and the Contractor for proprietary designs - All records of departures from Contractor imposed requirements must be maintained and available for review at the Contractor's facility. A copy must be given to the local Government representative. A record of these departures, traceable to the applicablepart number and contract number must be submitted to the PCO. 4.1.3 DCMA QAR and the Contractor for proprietary designs - For proprietary designs, the contractor's part numbers are acceptable for reference only. The delivered material must conform to all drawings, specifications, and other contractual requirements. 4.1.4 DCMA QAR - It is the responsibility of DCMA QAR to review Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) procedures for NAVSUP Contracts/Purchase Orders. 4.1.5 DCMA QAR and the Contractor - The ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system is available for certain data submissions and to submit questions and clarifications, and waiver requests on Contracts and Solicitations. ECDS can be found at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking must be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS. 6.2 Several definitions of terms that apply to CSI items are listed below. All terms may not apply to every item. 6.2.1 The ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system is at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ This application will require advance registration using a PKI Digital Certificate on a CAC. A Vendor User Guide is available as CSD001 in the CSD (Contract Support Document) Library within ECDS. 6.2.2 Critical Safety Item (CSI) - Any ship part, assembly, or support equipment containing a critical characteristic whose failure, malfunction, or absence of which could cause a catastrophic or critical failure resulting in loss of, or serious damage to the ship, or unacceptable risk of personal injury or loss of life. 6.2.3 Critical Process - As determined by the TWH, any process, operation or action performed on a Ship CSI that serves to establish a critical characteristic (such as welding, soldering, machining, polishing, cleaning, or assembling) or confirm that a critical characteristic is within drawing or specification compliance (such as, testing, measurement, or non-destructive evaluation). 6.2.4 First Article - Pre-production models, initial product samples, test samples produced to ensure a manufacturer's capability to meet full specification requirements. 6.2.5 First Article Test (FAT) - Contractually required testing and inspection of a supplier's pre-production, production, or "production representative" specimens to evaluate a manufacturer's ability to produce conforming product prior to the Government's commitment to receive subsequent production items. First Article Testing is product specific and does not assess manufacturing process controls nor does it assure the effectiveness of the manufacturer's quality program. 6.2.6 Objective Quality Evidence (OQE) - The quantitative and qualitative data of all mechanical, chemical, and performance tests performed (as required by the applicable specification, drawing, or purchase document) to prove that he material supplied conforms to the specified requirements. 6.2.7 Surface Discontinuity - Any surface irregularity, marking, or localized change in physical character of the surface, other than dimensional, that exists infrequently at one or several places. (Examples: burrs, dents, nicks, scratches, gouges, pits, center-punches, scribes, and tool marks). Surface discontinuities less than 0.005-inch in depth are acceptable provided they do not violate any other design requirements specified in this Contract/Purchase Order. 6.2.8 Traceability Code - A code or number providing traceability to the actual chemical and mechanical properties of the specified heat, batch, or form from which the material originated. 6.2.9 Verification - An examination performed to determine compliance with a specific requirement. 6.2.10 A nonconformance is defined as affecting or violating the following: - The requirements of this contract/purchase order. - Contractually invoked drawings (i.e. envelope dimensions, interface dimensions with mating parts/equipment, center of gravity, weights, piece part identification, material, etc.). - Contractually invoked federal, military, or commercial specifications and/or standards. - Form, fit, function, performance to contract requirements, reliability, maintainability, interchangeability, safety of personnel or equipment, or additional cost to the Government. ...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176058197
  - Email: JORDAN.D.NEELY2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE AMS-STD-2154 | | |E |210701|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9086-S4-STM-010 |0556| |10 |170701|C| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-5541 | | |F |060711|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Refurbished Material - This item must be inspected and where necessary, refurbished to be in accordance with CAGE ;09176; , drawing ;1852-1332; ,except as amplified or modified herein. 3.1.1 Parts that are replaced during refurbishment must be in accordance with this TDP (Technical Data Package). 3.1.2 The Prime Contractor must be the ;OEM for sole source repair; . 3.2 ;Exposed bare material surfaces must be preserved in accordance with NAVSEA S9086-S4-STM010/CH-556 or MIL-DTL-5541 and shall have no surface corrosion.; 3.3 A Certificate of Tests is required for non-destructive, hydrostatic, and operational testing as required by the assembly drawing and the maintenance standard, when invoked. Non-destructive testing must be in accordance with T9074-AS-GIB-010/271. 3.4 Certificate of Compliance - (Special Emphasis SUBSAFE/Non-Level I MATERIAL) - The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance traceable to each serialized component, certifying that the components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. 3.5 Each component must be assigned a unique serial number. The component must be marked with this serial number on the major piece part of the assembly. (e.g. body, casing) Serial number marking must be permanently applied in accordance with MIL-STD-792. This serial number must also be annotated on the C of C to provide positive traceability. 3.5.1 In the event of refurbishment, if an existing readable serial number is found on the component, a suffix must be applied to ensure the final serial number is unique. 3.6 Welding or Brazing - When welding, brazing, and allied processes are required, as invoked by Section C paragraph 3 requirements, they must be in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, 0900-LP-001-7000 for brazing of piping and pressure vessel applications, or S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 for brazing of other applications. For all production and repair welding and brazing personnel and procedures must be qualified under S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 or 0900-LP-001-7000, as applicable. Procedures and Qualification Data must be submitted for review and approval prior to performing any welding or brazing. 3.7 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.7.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.7.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.7.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change. 3.8 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^ 3.9 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-45662, is acceptable as an alternate. 3.9.1 The Contractor"s quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/nonacceptance by the Government representative to determine the system"s effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.9.2 The Contractor"s quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.9.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of SUBSAFE/Non-Level (Q5) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.9.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.9.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption. 3.10 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. 3.10.1 The supplier"s gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier"s personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.10.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative. 3.11 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements. 3.12 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor"s facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements to apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor"s facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately." 3.13 Final Inspection - The following inspection must be performed prior to shipping material. 3.13.1 Material Sampling - Material must be inspected for form, fit, and function. Lot acceptance must be based on zero defects and lot rejection based on one defect. The sample size must be in accordance with the sampling plan(s) in the applicable military specification or standard, federal specification or standard, or drawing to which the material was manufactured. In the absence of such sampling plans, sampling inspection must be per ANSI/ASQ-Z1.4, general inspection level II (for sample size selection code), table IIA (for sample size). SMALL LOT SIZES - For lot sizes of fifty or less, the minimum sample size must be eight units. For lot sizes of eight or less, the sample size must be one hundred percent of the lot. 3.13.2 Material must be inspected for form, fit, and function in accordance with the sampling plan(s) in the applicable military specification or standard, federal specification or standard, or drawing to which the material was manufactured. The absence of such sampling plans, sampling inspection must be per ANSI/ASQ-Z1.4, general inspection level II (for sample size selection code), table IIA (for sample size) with lot acceptance based on zero defects and lot rejection based on one defect. Due to the high consumer risk associated with small sample sizes, the minimum sample size must be eight units (for lot sizes of fifty or less) or one hundred percent (for lot sizes of eight or less). 3.13.3 The Manufacturer may elect to use Statistical Process Control (SPC) to assure product quality in lieu of the above attribute sampling plan, provided that the SPC methodology/system used provides acceptable products to the Government. However, the Government/Navy Receipt Inspection Activity may perform their acceptance inspection of the material using the attribute sampling plan outlined above. 3.14 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Special Emphasis SUBSAFE/Non-Level I Material C of C) - The certificate of compliance must contain: 1. Contractor"s name, address, phone number and date 2. The contract issuing agency"s Contract/Purchase Order number 3. The national stock number (NSN) 4. Government nomenclature (noun name) of the item purchased 5. Contractor"s nomenclature (noun name) of item purchased 6. Component Serial Number 7. Contractor"s or authorized personnel"s signature 8. A statement to the effect that all items furnished on this contract are in full compliance with the specifications and requirements. Submission must be in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). 3.15 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Special Emphasis SS-NON-LI Hydrostatic, NDT per T9074-AS-GIB-010/271, and Operational Testing) - The Certificate of Tests (C of T) shall contain: 1. Contractor"s name, address, phone number and date 2. The contract issuing agency"s Contract/Purchase Order number 3. The national stock number (NSN) 4. Government nomenclature (noun name) of the item purchased 5. Contractor"s nomenclature (noun name) of item purchased 6. Component Serial Number 7. Contractor"s or authorized personnel"s signature 8. A statement of tests performed listing the pieces tested. a. The standard/specification to which testing was performed. b. The revision of the standard/specification. c. The acceptance criteria used. 9. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. 10. Test reports on welds shall be identified to weld joint and layer. 11. When Hydrostatic Tests, Operational Testing, or NDT is not required per the applicable drawing, the C of T shall so state. (i.e. "No NDT is required per the applicable drawing.") 3.16 See CDRLs DI-MISC-80875 (welding procedures) and DI-MISC-80876 (weld procedure qualification data) - When production or repair welding or brazing is required, the applicable welding/brazing procedure(s) and qualification data must be submitted for review and approval. Note: These requirements do not apply to tack/spot welds when the conditions of Section 4.2.1.1 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 are met. 3.16.1 Approval of the Contractor"s qualification data must be obtained prior to performing any welding (production or repair). Welding/brazing qualification must be in accordance with S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248. Applications for which commercial welding is allowed must have procedures and qualification data which meet all applicable requirements of the specification (AWS, ASME, ETC.). The procedure and qualification data must state the specification and its revision that is being used. Suppliers that are unsure if commercial welding is allowed for a particular application must contact the Procurement Contracting Officer. 3.16.2 If the Contractors qualification data has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable welding procedure and qualification data report identification/number and revision. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. As far as practical, all procedures for the contract must be submitted at the same time. Welding procedures and qualification data must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. The contractor must state the applicability of each weld procedure and qualification data submitted, citing the drawing number and pieces to be welded. (i.e. "WP-123 and QD-123 are submitted for the weld joint between pieces 1 and 2 on drawing ABC." WP-456 and QD-456 are submitted for the hardfacing of piece 3 on drawing XYZ.") Authority for the repair of Special Repairs in castings and authority for the repair of wrought or forged material must be obtained from the Procurement Contracting Officer. This request must describe the defect; including size, depth, location, and a description of the proposed repair. This request for NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted via the Electronic Contractor Data Submission (ECDS) application. 3.16.3 Any new procedure qualification performed to S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 under this Contract will require the vendor to provide a minimum 48 hour notification to DCMA with an offer to observe the welding of the test assemblies. The 48 hour time limit may be modified upon mutual agreement between the vendor and DCMA. 3.16.4 Preparation and retention of weld records is required, as specified by paragraph 4.1.3 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 or as specified in applicable commercial welding specifications. 3.16.5 When production welds or repair welds are performed by a subcontractor, the requirement for submission of all certification documentation required herein must be passed down to the subcontractor. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 Notes to DCMA QAR and the Contractor - 4.1.1 DCMA QAR and the Contractor for proprietary designs - Departures from Contractor imposed requirements, not specifically covered by the contract, must be judged individually on the basis of the effect, if any, on contractual requirements. When there is a disagreement between the Contractor and the Government representative as to the effect on contractual requirements, the departure must be considered a nonconformance and be submitted to the PCO for disposition. 4.1.2 DCMA QAR and the Contractor for proprietary designs - All records of departures from Contractor imposed requirements must be maintained and available for review at the Contractor"s facility. A copy must be given to the local Government representative. A record of these departures, traceable to the applicablepart number and contract number must be submitted to the PCO. 4.1.3 DCMA QAR and the Contractor for proprietary designs - For proprietary designs, the contractor"s part numbers are acceptable for reference only. The delivered material must conform to all drawings, specifications, and other contractual requirements. 4.1.4 DCMA QAR - It is the responsibility of DCMA QAR to review Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) procedures for NAVSUP Contracts/Purchase Orders. 4.1.5 DCMA QAR and the Contractor - The ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system is available for certain data submissions and to submit questions and clarifications, and waiver requests on Contracts and Solicitations. ECDS can be found at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking must be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS. 6.2 Several definitions of terms that apply to CSI items are listed below. All terms may not apply to every item. 6.2.1 The ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system is at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ This application will require advance registration using a PKI Digital Certificate on a CAC. A Vendor User Guide is available as CSD001 in the CSD (Contract Support Document) Library within ECDS. 6.2.2 Critical Safety Item (CSI) - Any ship part, assembly, or support equipment containing a critical characteristic whose failure, malfunction, or absence of which could cause a catastrophic or critical failure resulting in loss of, or serious damage to the ship, or unacceptable risk of personal injury or loss of life. 6.2.3 Critical Process - As determined by the TWH, any process, operation or action performed on a Ship CSI that serves to establish a critical characteristic (such as welding, soldering, machining, polishing, cleaning, or assembling) or confirm that a critical characteristic is within drawing or specification compliance (such as, testing, measurement, or non-destructive evaluation). 6.2.4 First Article - Pre-production models, initial product samples, test samples produced to ensure a manufacturer"s capability to meet full specification requirements. 6.2.5 First Article Test (FAT) - Contractually required testing and inspection of a supplier"s pre-production, production, or "production representative" specimens to evaluate a manufacturer"s ability to produce conforming product prior to the Government"s commitment to receive subsequent production items. First Article Testing is product specific and does not assess manufacturing process controls nor does it assure the effectiveness of the manufacturer"s quality program. 6.2.6 Objective Quality Evidence (OQE) - The quantitative and qualitative data of all mechanical, chemical, and performance tests performed (as required by the applicable specification, drawing, or purchase document) to prove that he material supplied conforms to the specified requirements. 6.2.7 Surface Discontinuity - Any surface irregularity, marking, or localized change in physical character of the surface, other than dimensional, that exists infrequently at one or several places. (Examples: burrs, dents, nicks, scratches, gouges, pits, center-punches, scribes, and tool marks). Surface discontinuities less than 0.005-inch in depth are acceptable provided they do not violate any other design requirements specified in this Contract/Purchase Order. 6.2.8 Traceability Code - A code or number providing traceability to the actual chemical and mechanical properties of the specified heat, batch, or form from which the material originated. 6.2.9 Verification - An examination performed to determine compliance with a specific requirement. 6.2.10 A nonconformance is defined as affecting or violating the following: - The requirements of this contract/purchase order. - Contractually invoked drawings (i.e. envelope dimensions, interface dimensions with mating parts/equipment, center of gravity, weights, piece part identification, material, etc.). - Contractually invoked federal, military, or commercial specifications and/or standards. - Form, fit, function, performance to contract requirements, reliability, maintainability, interchangeability, safety of personnel or equipment, or additional cost to the Government. 

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a2b17a4732fb44eda2c1c4782546e1b8/view