---
layout: default
title: NAVSTA Rota Fuels Oil & Lubrication Testing Equipment Calibration
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 3216ce8144ac4c4a9e6d2c2dfc9a66a2
---

# NAVSTA Rota Fuels Oil & Lubrication Testing Equipment Calibration

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-10 05:37:15.079-04
- Solicitation Number: N6817126RT004

## Summary

NAVSUP Fleet Logistics Center, Sigonella – Rota (FLCSI) is conducting a market survey (MS) to identify interested and capable businesses, stimulate industry awareness and, gain feedback to improve the acquisition environment/process. Firms possessing the capabilities to perform the tasking described in the attached Performance Work Statement (PWS) and information below are encouraged to respond. This is not a solicitation announcement. This notice is for planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not reimburse respondents for any costs incurred in preparation of a response to this notice. Any information submitted by respondents to this notice is strictly voluntary. The Government will not award any contract based on the information received from this notice. The government will utilize information received from this notice to assist in acquisition planning and identifying small businesses’ capabilities. Specifically, the government seeks to understand whether the required services are available from more than a single source. DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT: The contractor will be tasked to accomplish the work as specified in Attachment 1, Statement Of Work. This work includes the annual maintenance and calibration of (8) different fuel testing assets by the following manufacturers: Precision Analyzer Company (PAC), Seta Analytics, Cannon Instrument Company and ISL. The SOW includes a table of the specific items to be serviced. The Government anticipates this effort to be a Firm Fixed Price type contract with a one-year base period and (4) additional one-year option periods where services are required once annually per asset. The government anticipates offering a single award. This is a follow on requirement for Naval Station Rota fuels department, contract number N6817122P6063 and the incumbent contractor is Instrumentacion Analitica. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 811210 with a small business size standard of $34M SUBMISSION: Interested parties should provide a Capability Statement (no more than 3 pages). Illustrations such as tables, flowcharts, organizational charts, process charts or other similar type informational charts may be used, and they will be counted against the page count limitations. Electronic responses (i.e. email) are preferred and telephonic request for information will not be honored. Interested sources who submit data are responsible for appropriately marking information if it is proprietary in nature. No request for capability briefings will be honored as a result of this notice. Responses that do not conform to the MS instructions may not be considered by the Government. Standard company brochures will not be reviewed. Responses and any questions to this MS shall be submitted to Melissa.e.ferri.civ@us.navy.mil Use reference No N68171-26-R-T004 when responding to this MS. The closing date for this MS is: 13 MAR 2026 The closing time for this MS is: 10:00am Local Rota Time The deadline for submission of questions is 12 MAR . Note: Questions submitted after the specified date may not receive responses. Responses shall include all of the information required under Section 1, Corporate Description, and Section 2, Ability to Perform, below: Section 1: Corporate Description Name of firm (prime) State the respondent’s size status and whether the respondent is registered in the applicable NAICS code listed above (for SSE(s) list the NAICS Code and size status for the NAICS code the prime contractor assigned to the effort the subcontractor will perform) Ownership (include SSE(s) or Joint Ventures (JV) if applicable) All small business socioeconomic program certifications: 8(a), WOSB/EDWOSB, HUBZone, SDVOSB Two points of contact, including: Name, title, phone, and e-mail address CAGE Code, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), and DUNS Number (include SSE(s) or JV if applicable). Section 2: Ability to Perform Interested parties shall provide a description of its ability to perform the tasks set forth in the attached Statement of Work. Capable firms must demonstrate the ability to provide OEM certified technicians for each of the manufactured items being serviced. Technicians must be certified through the manufacturer and hold certificates for the maintenance and calibration to be provided. No other certification will be considered acceptable.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Melissa Ferri
  - Email: melissa.e.ferri.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 34956822335

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Statement Of Work. This work includes the annual maintenance and calibration of (8) different fuel testing assets by the following manufacturers: Precision Analyzer Company (PAC), Seta Analytics, Cannon Instrument Company and ISL. The SOW includes a table of the specific items to be serviced. The Government anticipates this effort to be a Firm Fixed Price type contract with a one-year base period and (4) additional one-year option periods where services are required once annually per asset. The government anticipates offering a single award. This is a follow on requirement for Naval Station Rota fuels department, contract number N6817122P6063 and the incumbent contractor is Instrumentacion Analitica. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 811210 with a small business size standard of $34M SUBMISSION: Interested parties should provide a Capability Statement (no more than 3 pages). Illustrations such as tables, flowcharts, organizational charts, process charts or other similar type informational charts may be used, and they will be counted against the page count limitations. Electronic responses (i.e. email) are preferred and telephonic request for information will not be honored. Interested sources who submit data are responsible for appropriately marking information if it is proprietary in nature. No request for capability briefings will be honored as a result of this notice. Responses that do not conform to the MS instructions may not be considered by the Government. Standard company brochures will not be reviewed. Responses and any questions to this MS shall be submitted to Melissa.e.ferri.civ@us.navy.mil Use reference No N68171-26-R-T004 when responding to this MS. The closing date for this MS is: 13 MAR 2026 The closing time for this MS is: 10:00am Local Rota Time The deadline for submission of questions is 12 MAR . Note: Questions submitted after the specified date may not receive responses. Responses shall include all of the information required under Section 1, Corporate Description, and Section 2, Ability to Perform, below: Section 1: Corporate Description Name of firm (prime) State the respondent’s size status and whether the respondent is registered in the applicable NAICS code listed above (for SSE(s) list the NAICS Code and size status for the NAICS code the prime contractor assigned to the effort the subcontractor will perform) Ownership (include SSE(s) or Joint Ventures (JV) if applicable) All small business socioeconomic program certifications: 8(a), WOSB/EDWOSB, HUBZone, SDVOSB Two points of contact, including: Name, title, phone, and e-mail address CAGE Code, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), and DUNS Number (include SSE(s) or JV if applicable). Section 2: Ability to Perform Interested parties shall provide a description of its ability to perform the tasks set forth in the attached Statement of Work. Capable firms must demonstrate the ability to provide OEM certified technicians for each of the manufactured items being serviced. Technicians must be certified through the manufacturer and hold certificates for the maintenance and calibration to be provided. No other certification will be considered acceptable

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3216ce8144ac4c4a9e6d2c2dfc9a66a2/view)