---
layout: default
title: Request for Information: Next-Generation Air Operations Center (AOC) Weapon System
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 051d031ca57c48b48b360b9cbec34e40
---

# Request for Information: Next-Generation Air Operations Center (AOC) Weapon System

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-11 14:14:51.703-04
- Solicitation Number: FA8730-FALCONER-NG

## Summary

Overview The Air Operations Center Program Office, Kessel Run Division, Portfolio Acquisition Executive Command, Control, Communications, and Battle Management (PAE C3BM/C3C) is initiating market research to identify and explore cutting-edge technologies and innovative approaches for the modernization of the Air Operations Center (AOC) Weapon System. The AOC is the senior command and control element for the Joint Force Air Component Commander, responsible for planning, executing, and assessing air, space, and cyberspace operations. This is a Request for Information (RFI) only. This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or promise to issue an RFP in the future. This RFI does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future RFP, if any is issued. In order to request access to view restricted attachments, please complete FA8730-FALCONER-NG Documentation Request and Disclaimer Form (Attachment 1). Submit either by e-mail to rachel.sullivan.3@us.af.mil and tracey.toombs@us.af.mil or through the DoD Secure Access File Exchange (SAFE) website (https://safe.apps.mil/) to the same email addresses. Access to attachments will be granted only to the Data Custodian identified in the company's JCP Certificate. For additional information, visit the Defense Logistics Agency Joint Certification Program homepage (http://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Services/JCP/). Requested Information: Responses to this RFI must include: Company Name Company Headquarter Address Company Point of Contact Name, Phone Number, and Email Address CAGE Code Company Facility Clearance Level Utilizing NAICS Code 541511 or 541512 with a small business size standard of $34M, please identify your business size to include socio-economic status. Responses to this RFI should address the following Technical and Program/Contract Management Requirements: Technical Requirements: Based on the provided Program Information and Statement of Need (Attachment 2), please describe your company’s solutions, recommendations, and experience as a prime contractor supporting a weapon system as a full-service systems integrator and please respond to the Technical Questions (Attachment 3). Program/Contract Management Requirements: Please respond to the following questions: Do you have recent (within the past three years) and relevant past performance performing work similar in nature in support of DoW activities? If yes, please elaborate and provide relevant contract numbers. Has the Defense Contract Audit Agency performed an audit of your accounting system and determined it to be adequate? Does your firm have prior experience with Cost Accounting Standards (CAS) rules and regulations? Does your firm meet the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement 202.101 definition of a “nontraditional defense contractor?” Provide recommended contract type(s) and contract structure that would be appropriate to meet program objectives and incentivize exceptional performance. If you could ask three (3) specific questions to improve your responsivity and strength of proposals to the government in a request for proposal (RFP), what would they be? What are your recommended outcome-based approaches to meeting program objectives? Provide your recommended agreement structure to meet these objectives as a potential Other Transaction Agreement (OTA). What avenues/vehicles do you believe the Government should be aware of to award this acquisition effectively? What kind of contract performance objectives would you recommend where both parties can more easily recognize and measure success? Response Submittal: Interested parties are requested to respond to this RFI with a white paper. Submit either by e-mail to rachel.sullivan.3@us.af.mil and tracey.toombs@us.af.mil or through the DoD Secure Access File Exchange (SAFE) website (https://safe.apps.mil/) to the same email addresses. White papers are due on the response date stated on this announcement. Any information submitted by respondents to this RFI is strictly voluntary. Responses to the RFI will not be returned. Respondents are advised that the U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this RFI; all costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the interested party’s expense. Do not submit classified information. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to provide feedback with respect to any information submitted. To the maximum extent possible, please submit non-proprietary information. Any proprietary information submitted should be identified as such and will be handled accordingly and protected from disclosure. Proprietary information will be safeguarded in accordance with the applicable Government regulations. The Government shall not be liable for damages related to proprietary information that is not properly identified. Any submissions in response to this RFI constitutes consent for that submission to be reviewed by U.S. Government personnel, Federally Funded Research and Development Center (FFRDC) Contractor employees, and Advisory & Assistance Services (A&AS) Contractor employees supporting the Air Operations Center Program Office -- unless the respondent clearly objects in writing to the release of this information to FFRDC and/or A&AS Contractor employees supporting PAE C3BM/C3C in a cover letter accompanying the respondent’s submission. All U.S. Government and Department of War (DoW) contractor personnel reviewing responses understand their responsibility for proper use and protection from unauthorized disclosure of proprietary information. Format: White papers must be submitted in Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF) format, compatible with Adobe Acrobat Pro, and in 12-point font (smaller font may be used for figures and tables). White papers shall be limited to 30 pages including all figures, tables, and charts. Industry Exchanges: Government representatives may or may not choose to meet with respondents. Such exchanges would only be intended to get further clarification of potential capability to meet technical requirements. If respondents are interested in offering a demonstration of potential solutions that appear to be viable, please include this in your white paper response. Companies choosing to offer a demonstration will do so at their own expense. No compensation will be provided for demonstrations. Demonstrations will be scheduled at the convenience of the Government. Questions: Questions regarding this RFI must be submitted via email to both points of contact listed in this announcement. Questions shall not contain proprietary or classified information. PAE C3BM/C3C responses to questions will be posted as an attachment to this RFI. Updates: 11 March 2026 - RFI Questions and Answers (Attachment 4) are now available. The Government does not guarantee that any questions that are received within 7 calendar days of the RFI closing date will be answered.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Rachel Sullivan
  - Email: rachel.sullivan.3@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Tracey Toombs
  - Email: tracey.toombs@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . Submit either by e-mail to rachel.sullivan.3@us.af.mil and tracey.toombs@us.af.mil or through the DoD Secure Access File Exchange (SAFE) website (https://safe.apps.mil/) to the same email addresses. Access to attachments will be granted only to the Data Custodian identified in the company"s JCP Certificate. For additional information, visit the Defense Logistics Agency Joint Certification Program homepage (http://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Services/JCP/). Requested Information: Responses to this RFI must include: Company Name Company Headquarter Address Company Point of Contact Name, Phone Number, and Email Address CAGE Code Company Facility Clearance Level Utilizing NAICS Code 541511 or 541512 with a small business size standard of $34M, please identify your business size to include socio-economic status. Responses to this RFI should address the following Technical and Program/Contract Management Requirements: Technical Requirements: Based on the provided Program Information and Statement of Need (Attachment 2), please describe your company’s solutions, recommendations, and experience as a prime contractor supporting a weapon system as a full-service systems integrator and please respond to the Technical Questions (Attachment 3). Program/Contract Management Requirements: Please respond to the following questions: Do you have recent (within the past three years) and relevant past performance performing work similar in nature in support of DoW activities? If yes, please elaborate and provide relevant contract numbers. Has the Defense Contract Audit Agency performed an audit of your accounting system and determined it to be adequate? Does your firm have prior experience with Cost Accounting Standards (CAS) rules and regulations? Does your firm meet the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement 202.101 definition of a “nontraditional defense contractor?” Provide recommended contract type(s) and contract structure that would be appropriate to meet program objectives and incentivize exceptional performance. If you could ask three (3) specific questions to improve your responsivity and strength of proposals to the government in a request for proposal (RFP), what would they be? What are your recommended outcome-based approaches to meeting program objectives? Provide your recommended agreement structure to meet these objectives as a potential Other Transaction Agreement (OTA). What avenues/vehicles do you believe the Government should be aware of to award this acquisition effectively? What kind of contract performance objectives would you recommend where both parties can more easily recognize and measure success? Response Submittal: Interested parties are requested to respond to this RFI with a white paper. Submit either by e-mail to rachel.sullivan.3@us.af.mil and tracey.toombs@us.af.mil or through the DoD Secure Access File Exchange (SAFE) website (https://safe.apps.mil/) to the same email addresses. White papers are due on the response date stated on this announcement. Any information submitted by respondents to this RFI is strictly voluntary. Responses to the RFI will not be returned. Respondents are advised that the U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this RFI; all costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the interested party’s expense. Do not submit classified information. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to provide feedback with respect to any information submitted. To the maximum extent possible, please submit non-proprietary information. Any proprietary information submitted should be identified as such and will be handled accordingly and protected from disclosure. Proprietary information will be safeguarded in accordance with the applicable Government regulations. The Government shall not be liable for damages related to proprietary information that is not properly identified. Any submissions in response to this RFI constitutes consent for that submission to be reviewed by U.S. Government personnel, Federally Funded Research and Development Center (FFRDC) Contractor employees, and Advisory & Assistance Services (A&AS) Contractor employees supporting the Air Operations Center Program Office -- unless the respondent clearly objects in writing to the release of this information to FFRDC and/or A&AS Contractor employees supporting PAE C3BM/C3C in a cover letter accompanying the respondent’s submission. All U.S. Government and Department of War (DoW) contractor personnel reviewing responses understand their responsibility for proper use and protection from unauthorized disclosure of proprietary information. Format: White papers must be submitted in Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF) format, compatible with Adobe Acrobat Pro, and in 12-point font (smaller font may be used for figures and tables). White papers shall be limited to 30 pages including all figures, tables, and charts. Industry Exchanges: Government representatives may or may not choose to meet with respondents. Such exchanges would only be intended to get further clarification of potential capability to meet technical requirements. If respondents are interested in offering a demonstration of potential solutions that appear to be viable, please include this in your white paper response. Companies choosing to offer a demonstration will do so at their own expense. No compensation will be provided for demonstrations. Demonstrations will be scheduled at the convenience of the Government. Questions: Questions regarding this RFI must be submitted via email to both points of contact listed in this announcement. Questions shall not contain proprietary or classified information. PAE C3BM/C3C responses to questions will be posted as an attachment to this RFI. Updates: 11 March 2026 - RFI Questions and Answers (Attachment 4) are now available. The Government does not guarantee that any questions that are received within 7 calendar days of the RFI closing date will be answered

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/051d031ca57c48b48b360b9cbec34e40/view)