---
layout: default
title: McKenzie River RD Roadside Brushing
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 88fa2818a7314d94a2714ee0e54b77fd
---

# McKenzie River RD Roadside Brushing

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 12:51:13.57-04
- Solicitation Number: 1240BE26Q0055

## Summary

This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 115310 The small business size standard is 11.5 million This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-Aside. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency Statement of Requirement This is a non-personal services contract to provide Roadside Brushing to the Mckenzie River Ranger District (MRRD) of the Willamette National Forest (WNF). The Government shall not exercise any supervision or control over the contract service providers performing the services herein. Such contract service providers shall be accountable solely to the Contractor who, in turn, is responsible to the Government. Interested parties are highly encouraged to visit the site before submitting an offer. The Contractor shall furnish all labor, supervision, management, tools, materials, equipment, facilities, transportation, and other items and non-personal services necessary to provide road roadside brushing services. The contractor shall provide services in accordance with this Performance Work Statement (PWS), and all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. . Schedule of Items - See Attachment Schedule of Items and Performance Work Statement. Attachments 1. Schedule of Items and Performance Work Statement 2. Wage Rates Willamette National Forest Commercial Road Rules 3. Fire Protections and Suppression Forms, R6-FS-6300-52, 4. Brushing Vicinity Maps Evaluation and Basis for Award The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services is not applicable to this solicitation. In lieu of this provision, quotes will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 12.203 based on the criteria listed below. The contract will be awarded to the offeror representing the best value to the Government. Technical Approach: The technical approach will evaluate the ability of the offeror to provide a sound and compliant approach that meets all requirements and shows a thorough understanding of them. It is the contractor's responsibility to ensure their quotation clearly demonstrates their capability to meet these requirements. All offerors must provide the following minimum information and documentation with their quotations to be considered responsive and have their offers evaluated: Ability of the offeror to meet the schedule requirements listed in the Performance Work Statement (PSW) Submit work schedule demonstrating how many miles, as a Vendor expect to be completed per day. Submit a Quality Control Plan (QCP) – List procedures to identify, prevent, and ensure non-recurrence of defective services. The Contractor’s QCP is the means by which the Contractor assures that their work will comply with the requirements of the contract. Submit a list of all equipment to be used to complete the project along with experience of the equipment operators Price: The offeror shall provide pricing as requested in the Schedule of Items of this Request for Quote. Failure to propose pricing for all individual line items may result in a quotation being excluded from further consideration. The offeror’s quotation will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 12.204, to determine if it is fair and reasonable. Past Performance: The offeror will provide a list of three or more years of projects that specifically involved roadside brushing or equivalent activity. Each project listed will contain the period of performance, location (city, state0 amount awarded, and Name of Point of contract with contact information (email and phone number.) The Government may utilize any references provided by the Contractor, along with information available from past contracts/orders with the USDA and any information found using sources such as Federal Government sources or the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) to determine if the Contractor has acceptable or neutral Past Performance. Past Performance will be evaluated using the following rating system: Acceptable: The contractor shows a demonstrated ability to meet contract requirements in prior or current contracts, including quality of work, timeliness, cost control, business relations, and adherence to contract terms. Neutral: Offeror does not have a past performance record. Unacceptable: The contractor has a documented history of failing to meet contract requirements, including poor quality, missed deadlines, cost overruns, lack of responsiveness, or unethical behavior. Evaluation Method: All quotations will be evaluated to identify the offeror presenting the most technically advantageous solution based on the stated evaluation criteria. Once the highest technically rated offeror is identified, their price will be evaluated to determine whether it is fair and reasonable. Past performance will also be assessed to ensure it is acceptable or neutral. The contract will be awarded to the offeror whose proposal is determined to be the highest technically rated, provided that: The proposed price is fair and reasonable, and Past performance is assessed as acceptable or neutral. Contract will not necessarily be awarded to the lowest-priced offeror. Offer will submit their quote along with their technical response and past performance via email with three separate attachments: (1) Schedule of items, (2) technical response, and (3) past performance, no later than May 7, 2026 1700 PT. Email offers to Jared Machgan jared.machgan@usda.gov Service Contract Labor Standards The Service Contract Labor Standards could apply to any contracts awarded through this solicitation. In accordance with (IAW) FAR 22.1002-3(a)(2), Wage Determinations will be provided by the Government for the location of the project Lane County, OR. 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference Feb 1998 This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025) Add any items at FAR 52.212-1 not already stated and any other applicable instructions such as page limits, font size, document type required for submission (PDF, Excel). Remember to keep things simple under simplified acquisitions. In most cases there is no need for explicit instructions for page limits, font size, volumes, etc. This should be limited to more complex acquisitions. Some examples of what would be routinely used for simplified acquisitions are: FAR 52.212-1 is amended as follows: Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 90 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. Questions Questions shall be submitted via email to Jared.Machgan@usda.gov and are due no later than May 4, at 14:00 Pacific Time. This will ensure enough time to respond before the solicitation period ends. Please include the solicitation name and number as the subject line of the email. 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation (Jan 2017) 52.209-2 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations - Representation (Sep 2025) 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law (Sep 2025) 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications (Nov 2025) The following provisions are applicable if checked: ? 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions (Sep 2024) ? 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I (Nov 2025) to 52.204-7 ? 52.204-90 Offeror Identification (Nov 2025) ? 52.207-6 Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) (Aug 2024) ? 52.209-12 Certification Regarding Tax Matters (Oct 2025) ? 52.219-2 Equal Low Bids (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products (Feb 2021) ? 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment–Certification (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-56 Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan (Oct 2020) ? 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification (May 2008) ? 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate (Oct 2022) ? 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate (Nov 2025) ? 52.225-6 Trade Agreements-Certificate (Feb 2021) ? 52.226-3 Disaster or Emergency Area Representation (Nov 2007) ? 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements—Notice and Representation (Jul 2025) AGAR Provisions 452.203-70 Anti-Discrimination and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Certification (Dec 2025) (a) By submission of its offer, the offeror certifies that: It is compliant with all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws and the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution. Neither it nor any proposed subcontractor or teaming partner operates or funds any program, policy, or initiative that promotes DEI in a manner that violates any applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws, including but not limited to Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, or the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution. (b) If the offeror participates in, facilitates, or funds programs that implicate Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, as amended, including but not limited to grants to or for schools, colleges, universities, 4-H programs, non-governmental organization (NGO) programs, sports programs, and education-related grants to prisons or other detention facilities, by submission of its offer, the offeror certifies that it is compliant with those laws, including the requirements set forth in Executive Order 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government, and Executive Order 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity. (c) The offeror affirms that the above requirements are conditions of payment that go to the essence of the contract and are therefore material terms of the contract. Payments under the contract are predicated on compliance with the above requirements, and therefore the offeror will not be eligible for funding under the contract or to retain any funding under the contract absent compliance with the above requirements. (d) This certification reflects a change in the Government’s position regarding the materiality of the foregoing requirements and therefore any prior payment of similar claims does not reflect the materiality of the foregoing requirements to this contract. (e) Submission of a knowing false statement relating to offeror’s compliance with the above requirements and/or eligibility for the contract may subject the offeror to liability under the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. § 3729, and/or criminal liability, including under 18 U.S.C. §§ 287 and 1001. (f) Failure on the part of the offeror or its subcontractors to comply with the terms of this clause may be grounds for the Contracting Officer to terminate the contract for default. (End of Provision) NOTICE FOR FILING AGENCY PROTESTS United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Ombudsman Program The USDA is committed to issuing solicitations and awarding contracts in a fair and prompt manner. The Ombudsman Program for Agency Protests (OPAP) was established to address protest issues within the agency, providing an alternative to costly and time-consuming litigation. Operating independently, OPAP offers relief comparable to that granted by the Government Accountability Office (GAO). Interested parties are encouraged to resolve concerns through USDA’s internal Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) process before pursuing external forums such as the GAO. Concerns may be addressed informally or through a formal agency protest filed with either the Contracting Officer or the Ombudsman. Informal Forum with the Ombudsman Initial Point of Contact: Interested parties who believe a specific USDA procurement is unfair or otherwise defective should first direct their concerns to the applicable Contracting Officer. Escalation: If the Contracting Officer is unable to address their concerns, interested parties are encouraged to contact the USDA Ombudsman for Agency Protests. Under this informal process, the agency is not required to suspend contract award performance. Utilization of the informal forum does not suspend any time requirement for filing a formal protest with the agency or other forums. Required Information: To ensure a timely response, interested parties should provide the following information to the Ombudsman: solicitation/contract number, contracting office, Contracting Officer, and solicitation closing date (if applicable). Formal Agency Protest with the Ombudsman Effort to Resolve: Prior to submitting a formal agency protest, protesters must first use their best efforts to resolve their concerns with the Contracting Officer through open and frank discussions. Independent Review: If the protester’s concerns remain unresolved, an Independent Review is available by the Ombudsman. The protester may file a formal agency protest with either the Contracting Officer or, alternatively, with the Ombudsman under the OPAP program. Contract awards or performance will be suspended during the protest period unless justified in writing for urgent and compelling reasons or determined in writing to be in the best interest of the Government. Resolution Timeline: The agency’s goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from the date of filing. Required Information: Protests shall include the information set forth in FAR 33.104(a)(3). Failure to submit the required information may result in a delay or dismissal of the protest. Timeliness: Protests must be filed within the timeframes specified in FAR 33.104. Submission: Formal protests under the OPAP program should be submitted electronically to SPE.inquiry@usda.gov and the Contracting Officer. Election of Forum. By initiating a protest with the USDA, the protester agrees not to pursue the same matter with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or any other external forum while the agency protest is pending. If a protest is filed externally, the agency protest will be dismissed.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jared Machgan
  - Email: jared.machgan@usda.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: of Items and Performance Work Statement. Attachments 1. Schedule of Items and Performance Work Statement 2. Wage Rates Willamette National Forest Commercial Road Rules 3. Fire Protections and Suppression Forms, R6-FS-6300-52, 4. Brushing Vicinity Maps Evaluation and Basis for Award The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services is not applicable to this solicitation. In lieu of this provision, quotes will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 12.203 based on the criteria listed below. The contract will be awarded to the offeror representing the best value to the Government. Technical Approach: The technical approach will evaluate the ability of the offeror to provide a sound and compliant approach that meets all requirements and shows a thorough understanding of them. It is the contractor"s responsibility to ensure their quotation clearly demonstrates their capability to meet these requirements. All offerors must provide the following minimum information and documentation with their quotations to be considered responsive and have their offers evaluated: Ability of the offeror to meet the schedule requirements listed in the Performance Work Statement (PSW) Submit work schedule demonstrating how many miles, as a Vendor expect to be completed per day. Submit a Quality Control Plan (QCP) – List procedures to identify, prevent, and ensure non-recurrence of defective services. The Contractor’s QCP is the means by which the Contractor assures that their work will comply with the requirements of the contract. Submit a list of all equipment to be used to complete the project along with experience of the equipment operators Price: The offeror shall provide pricing as requested in the Schedule of Items of this Request for Quote. Failure to propose pricing for all individual line items may result in a quotation being excluded from further consideration. The offeror’s quotation will be evaluated in accordance with FAR 12.204, to determine if it is fair and reasonable. Past Performance: The offeror will provide a list of three or more years of projects that specifically involved roadside brushing or equivalent activity. Each project listed will contain the period of performance, location (city, state0 amount awarded, and Name of Point of contract with contact information (email and phone number.) The Government may utilize any references provided by the Contractor, along with information available from past contracts/orders with the USDA and any information found using sources such as Federal Government sources or the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) to determine if the Contractor has acceptable or neutral Past Performance. Past Performance will be evaluated using the following rating system: Acceptable: The contractor shows a demonstrated ability to meet contract requirements in prior or current contracts, including quality of work, timeliness, cost control, business relations, and adherence to contract terms. Neutral: Offeror does not have a past performance record. Unacceptable: The contractor has a documented history of failing to meet contract requirements, including poor quality, missed deadlines, cost overruns, lack of responsiveness, or unethical behavior. Evaluation Method: All quotations will be evaluated to identify the offeror presenting the most technically advantageous solution based on the stated evaluation criteria. Once the highest technically rated offeror is identified, their price will be evaluated to determine whether it is fair and reasonable. Past performance will also be assessed to ensure it is acceptable or neutral. The contract will be awarded to the offeror whose proposal is determined to be the highest technically rated, provided that: The proposed price is fair and reasonable, and Past performance is assessed as acceptable or neutral. Contract will not necessarily be awarded to the lowest-priced offeror. Offer will submit their quote along with their technical response and past performance via email with three separate attachments: (1) Schedule of items, (2) technical response, and (3) past performance, no later than May 7, 2026 1700 PT. Email offers to Jared Machgan jared.machgan@usda.gov Service Contract Labor Standards The Service Contract Labor Standards could apply to any contracts awarded through this solicitation. In accordance with (IAW) FAR 22.1002-3(a)(2), Wage Determinations will be provided by the Government for the location of the project Lane County, OR. 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference Feb 1998 This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2025) Add any items at FAR 52.212-1 not already stated and any other applicable instructions such as page limits, font size, document type required for submission (PDF, Excel). Remember to keep things simple under simplified acquisitions. In most cases there is no need for explicit instructions for page limits, font size, volumes, etc. This should be limited to more complex acquisitions. Some examples of what would be routinely used for simplified acquisitions are: FAR 52.212-1 is amended as follows: Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 90 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. Questions Questions shall be submitted via email to Jared.Machgan@usda.gov and are due no later than May 4, at 14:00 Pacific Time. This will ensure enough time to respond before the solicitation period ends. Please include the solicitation name and number as the subject line of the email. 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation (Jan 2017) 52.209-2 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations - Representation (Sep 2025) 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law (Sep 2025) 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications (Nov 2025) The following provisions are applicable if checked: ? 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions (Sep 2024) ? 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration (Nov 2025) ? Alternate I (Nov 2025) to 52.204-7 ? 52.204-90 Offeror Identification (Nov 2025) ? 52.207-6 Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) (Aug 2024) ? 52.209-12 Certification Regarding Tax Matters (Oct 2025) ? 52.219-2 Equal Low Bids (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products (Feb 2021) ? 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment–Certification (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification (Nov 2025) ? 52.222-56 Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan (Oct 2020) ? 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification (May 2008) ? 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate (Oct 2022) ? 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate (Nov 2025) ? 52.225-6 Trade Agreements-Certificate (Feb 2021) ? 52.226-3 Disaster or Emergency Area Representation (Nov 2007) ? 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements—Notice and Representation (Jul 2025) AGAR Provisions 452.203-70 Anti-Discrimination and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Certification (Dec 2025) (a) By submission of its offer, the offeror certifies that: It is compliant with all applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws and the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution. Neither it nor any proposed subcontractor or teaming partner operates or funds any program, policy, or initiative that promotes DEI in a manner that violates any applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws, including but not limited to Title VI and VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, or the Equal Protection principles of the U.S. Constitution. (b) If the offeror participates in, facilitates, or funds programs that implicate Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, as amended, including but not limited to grants to or for schools, colleges, universities, 4-H programs, non-governmental organization (NGO) programs, sports programs, and education-related grants to prisons or other detention facilities, by submission of its offer, the offeror certifies that it is compliant with those laws, including the requirements set forth in Executive Order 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government, and Executive Order 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity. (c) The offeror affirms that the above requirements are conditions of payment that go to the essence of the contract and are therefore material terms of the contract. Payments under the contract are predicated on compliance with the above requirements, and therefore the offeror will not be eligible for funding under the contract or to retain any funding under the contract absent compliance with the above requirements. (d) This certification reflects a change in the Government’s position regarding the materiality of the foregoing requirements and therefore any prior payment of similar claims does not reflect the materiality of the foregoing requirements to this contract. (e) Submission of a knowing false statement relating to offeror’s compliance with the above requirements and/or eligibility for the contract may subject the offeror to liability under the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. § 3729, and/or criminal liability, including under 18 U.S.C. §§ 287 and 1001. (f) Failure on the part of the offeror or its subcontractors to comply with the terms of this clause may be grounds for the Contracting Officer to terminate the contract for default. (End of Provision) NOTICE FOR FILING AGENCY PROTESTS United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Ombudsman Program The USDA is committed to issuing solicitations and awarding contracts in a fair and prompt manner. The Ombudsman Program for Agency Protests (OPAP) was established to address protest issues within the agency, providing an alternative to costly and time-consuming litigation. Operating independently, OPAP offers relief comparable to that granted by the Government Accountability Office (GAO). Interested parties are encouraged to resolve concerns through USDA’s internal Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) process before pursuing external forums such as the GAO. Concerns may be addressed informally or through a formal agency protest filed with either the Contracting Officer or the Ombudsman. Informal Forum with the Ombudsman Initial Point of Contact: Interested parties who believe a specific USDA procurement is unfair or otherwise defective should first direct their concerns to the applicable Contracting Officer. Escalation: If the Contracting Officer is unable to address their concerns, interested parties are encouraged to contact the USDA Ombudsman for Agency Protests. Under this informal process, the agency is not required to suspend contract award performance. Utilization of the informal forum does not suspend any time requirement for filing a formal protest with the agency or other forums. Required Information: To ensure a timely response, interested parties should provide the following information to the Ombudsman: solicitation/contract number, contracting office, Contracting Officer, and solicitation closing date (if applicable). Formal Agency Protest with the Ombudsman Effort to Resolve: Prior to submitting a formal agency protest, protesters must first use their best efforts to resolve their concerns with the Contracting Officer through open and frank discussions. Independent Review: If the protester’s concerns remain unresolved, an Independent Review is available by the Ombudsman. The protester may file a formal agency protest with either the Contracting Officer or, alternatively, with the Ombudsman under the OPAP program. Contract awards or performance will be suspended during the protest period unless justified in writing for urgent and compelling reasons or determined in writing to be in the best interest of the Government. Resolution Timeline: The agency’s goal is to resolve protests within 35 calendar days from the date of filing. Required Information: Protests shall include the information set forth in FAR 33.104(a)(3). Failure to submit the required information may result in a delay or dismissal of the protest. Timeliness: Protests must be filed within the timeframes specified in FAR 33.104. Submission: Formal protests under the OPAP program should be submitted electronically to SPE.inquiry@usda.gov and the Contracting Officer. Election of Forum. By initiating a protest with the USDA, the protester agrees not to pursue the same matter with the Government Accountability Office (GAO) or any other external forum while the agency protest is pending. If a protest is filed externally, the agency protest will be dismissed

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/88fa2818a7314d94a2714ee0e54b77fd/view)