---
layout: default
title: RENTAL OF ONE FRAC TANK AND BLACKWATER DISPOSAL
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 4d406fd41f8947c8a4fec09028e7ee0d
---

# RENTAL OF ONE FRAC TANK AND BLACKWATER DISPOSAL

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 11:19:26.074-05
- Solicitation Number: 1333MK26Q0036

## Summary

THIS IS A COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FORMAT IN FAR SUBPART 12.6, AS SUPPLEMENTED WITH ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THIS NOTICE. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES THE ONLY SOLICITATION; QUOTES ARE BEING REQUESTED AND A WRITTEN SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE ISSUED. THIS SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION 1333MK26Q0036 CONSTITUTES A REQUEST FOR QUOTATION (RFQ) AND INCORPORATES PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES IN EFFECT THROUGH FEDERAL ACQUISITION CIRCULAR 2025-06. THE NATIONAL OCEANIC ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION (NOAA), OFFICE OF MARINE & AVIATION OPERATIONS (OMAO), NOAA SHIP THOMAS JEFFERSON REQUIRES THE RENTAL OF ONE FRAC TANK AND SEWAGE/ BLACKWATER WASTE DISPOSAL AT THE PORT OF CLEVELAND PER ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: APRIL 13, 2026 – JUNE 20, 2026 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: NOAA SHIP THOMAS JEFFERSON PORT OF CLEVELAND 1100 W 9TH ST #300 CLEVELAND, OH 44113 CLIN DESCRIPTION QUANTITY UNIT PRICE TOTAL PRICE 0001 PROVIDE RENTAL OF ONE 21, 000 GALLONS FRAC TANK AND SEWAGE/BLACKWATER WASTE DISPOSAL AT THE PORT CLEVELAND PER ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK. ***VENDOR SHALL ITEMIZED AND PROVIDE A QUOTE BREAK-DOWN. *** EACH CLIN IS INDEPENDENT FROM EACH OTHER, THEREFORE THE VENDOR SHALL CONFIRM ALL THE SERVICES BEING REQUESTED PER EACH CLIN AND DATES OF ARRIVAL/DEPARTURE PRIOR TO DELIVERY. THE GOVERNMENT SHALL ONLY PAY FOR ACTUAL USAGE OF SERVICES. VENDOR SHALL NOT CHARGE THE GOVERNMENT FOR ANY STANDBY SERVICES. **PRICES WILL BE PAID AT ACTUAL COST NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE ORDER. ** **ANY UNUSED FUNDS REMAINING WILL BE DE-OBLIGATED AT A LATER TIME. ** INCLUSION OF FAR CLAUSE 52.217-8, OPTION TO EXTEND SERVICES, IN THE SOLICITATION AND RESULTANT CONTRACT IS FOR USE BY THE GOVERNMENT AS OUTLINED AT FAR 37.111, EXTENSION OF SERVICES. THE OPTION WILL BE EXERCISED AS NEEDED AT ANY TIME DURING THE LIFE OF THE CONTRACT USING THE RATES APPLICABLE AT THE TIME OF EXERCISE. 0002 OPTIONAL SERVICE FUNDS MAY BE ALLOCATED AS PLACE HOLDER AT THE AWARD LEVEL OR DURING THE LIFE OF THE CONTRACT FOR THE PROCUREMENT AND DELIVERY OF ADDITIONAL SERVICES AT MARKET PRICE OR AT THE NEGOTIATED RATE IF QUOTED. SERVICES MAY INCLUDE BUT NOT LIMITED TO SERVICES FROM THE STATEMENT OF WORK SUCH AS: 1. EXTENSION OF RENTAL PERIOD OF FRAC TANK PER (ONE MONTH) 2. DISPOSAL OF ADDITIONAL SEWAGE/ BLACK WATER: PER (20,000 GALLONS). EACH CLIN IS INDEPENDENT FROM EACH OTHER, THEREFORE THE VENDOR SHALL CONFIRM ALL THE SERVICES BEING REQUESTED PER EACH CLIN AND DATES OF ARRIVAL/DEPARTURE PRIOR TO DELIVERY. THE GOVERNMENT SHALL ONLY PAY FOR ACTUAL USAGE OF SERVICES. VENDOR SHALL NOT CHARGE THE GOVERNMENT FOR ANY STANDBY SERVICES. THE VENDOR SHALL NOT INDEPENDENTLY PROCEED WITH THE OPTIONAL SERVICES. ALL OPTIONAL SERVICES SHALL BE CONFIRMED AT LEAST 24HRS. IN ADVANCED. **PRICES WILL BE PAID AT ACTUAL COST NOT TO EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF THE PURCHASE ORDER. ** **ANY UNUSED FUNDS REMAINING WILL BE DE-OBLIGATED AT A LATER TIME. ** THE GOVERNMENT WILL AWARD A FIRM FIXED PRICE CONTRACT BASED ON BEST VALUE TO THE GOVERNMENT: EXPERIENCE/ PAST PERFORMANCE, AVAILABILITY (SERVICES AND DATES), AND PRICE. OPTION CLIN WILL ALSO BE EVALUATED BASED ON THE OVERALL AVAILABILITY AND BEST PRICE. THIS ACQUISITION IS AVAILABLE 100% FOR SMALL BUSINESS SET ASIDE UNDER NAICS CODE 488310, PORT AND HARBOR OPERATIONS WITH SIZE STANDARDS OF $47 MIL. THE PRODUCT SERVICE CODE IS M2BZ. PLEASE REVIEW THE ATTACHED RFQ 1333MK26Q0036 VENDOR SHALL ENSURE TO PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION OTHERWISE FAILURE TO PROVIDE OR MISSING DOCUMENTS MAY BE CONSIDERED AS A NON-RESPONSIVE, AND COULD BE DISQUALIFIED FROM SOLICITATION. 1. RFQ NUMBER, INCLUDING NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER AND SAM UNIQUE ENTITY IDENTIFIER (UEI). 2. PROVIDE 1ST PAGE OF YOUR SAM.GOV REGISTRATION; ENSURE IS AN ACTIVE ACCOUNT. 3. PLEASE PROVIDE A DETAILED AND ITEMIZED COST TO INCLUDE THE TOTAL AMOUNT PER STATEMENT OF REQUIREMENTS AND PER LINE ITEMS. 4. INCLUDE STATEMENT SPECIFYING THE EXTENT OF AGREEMENT WITH ALL THE TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND PROVISION INCLUDED IN THIS RFQ. QUOTES THAT REJECT THE GOVERNMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS ON THIS SOLICITATION MAY BE EXCLUDED FROM CONSIDERATION. 5. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF SOLICITATION AMENDMENTS (SF-30) IF ANY. 6. PLEASE PROVIDE AT LEAST THREE REFERENCES FOR JOBS PERFORMED WITHIN THE PAST THREE YEARS THAT ARE THE SAME OR SIMILAR IN IN SCOPE SPECIFICALLY IN "VESSEL HUSBANDRY SERVICES OR FRANC TANK SEWAGE SERVICE AT THE PORT OF CLEVELAND". VENDOR SHALL PROVIDE A POINT OF CONTACT THAT INCLUDES NAME, TELEPHONE NUMBER, EMAILS AND A DETAIL DESCRIPTION OF THE SERVICE PERFORMED AND PRICE. 7. PROVIDE A COPY OF YOUR LIABILITY INSURANCE FOR THIS JOB. ALL RESPONSIBLE SOURCES MAY SUBMIT A QUOTATION WHICH SHALL BE CONSIDERED BY THE AGENCY. QUOTES MUST BE SUBMITTED VIA ELECTRONIC MEANS (EMAIL) NO LATER THAN MARCH 17, 2026 AT 12:00 P.M. EASTERN TIME (ET). TO ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV. THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR NONRECEIPT OF EMAIL. IT IS THE CONTRACTOR'S RESPONSIBILITY TO REQUEST A CONFIRMATION OF THE EMAIL RECEIPT ALL QUESTIONS MUST BE SUBMITTED IN WRITING TO ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV NO LATER THAN BY MARCH 12, 2026 AT 12:00 P.M ET. TELEPHONE INQUIRIES WILL NOT BE HONORED. CONTRACTORS ARE ENCOURAGED TO REGISTER WITH THE SAM.GOV VENDOR NOTIFICATION SERVICE AS WELL AS THE INTERESTED VENDORS LIST FOR THIS ACQUISITION (SEE APPLICABLE TAB WITHIN SAM.GOV WHERE THIS SYNOPSIS/ SOLICITATION IS POSTED). QUOTERS MUST BE REGISTERED IN THE SAM.GOV DATABASE TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS AWARD. REGISTRATION IS FREE AND CAN BE COMPLETED ON-LINE AT HTTP://WWW.SAM.GOV/. FOR CLAUSES AND PROVISION PLEASE SEE ATTACHED STANDARD FORM1449 1333MK26Q0036.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: CANCELA, ALEXANDER
  - Email: ALEXANDER.CANCELA@NOAA.GOV

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4d406fd41f8947c8a4fec09028e7ee0d/view