---
layout: default
title: J065--MWV Nurse Call (Over-Threshold Medical Equipment)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b475ec3e0aed4638905036134238774b
---

# J065--MWV Nurse Call (Over-Threshold Medical Equipment)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-24 13:30:55.093-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0363
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Statement of Work Martinsburg VAMC Nurse Call Upgrade GENERAL: Scope of Services: The purpose of this requirement is to upgrade aspects of the existing nurse call system at the Martinsburg VA Medical Center. The requirement includes installation of purchased hardware for the Tranquility House, safety updates to the Serenity House, and a campus-wide replacement of aging switches. The procurement shall include all parts, materials, labor, software/licenses, and travel to complete the full upgrade of the nurse call system. Location: Martinsburg VA Medical Center, 510 Butler Avenue, Martinsburg, WV 25405 Performance Period: Expected delivery within 90 days of award with full implementation within 240 days of award. WORK HOURS: Hours of Operation: Normal business hours are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., excluding holidays. Should the Contractor require work afterhours, the Contractor shall arrange in advance with the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). Delivery Hours: The Warehouse is open to receive deliveries Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., excluding holidays. National Holidays: The holidays observed by the Federal Government are: New Year s Day, Martin Luther King Day, President s Day, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veteran s Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day and any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States to be a national holiday. Contractor may work on holidays with prior communication and coordination. SPECIFICATIONS: Technical Requirements The procurement includes a quantity of 28 POE Switches. The switches shall have 24 ports. The switches shall be replacing all of the existing nurse call switches throughout the Martinsburg campus. Proper cable management shall be utilized in the areas these are installed. The switches shall be configured for use with the HIllRom Voalte system and other associated equipment. The procurement includes a rack-mountable layer 3 switch with multi-gigabit ports. The switch shall include a power supply. The switch shall include HPE Expansion Module. The switch shall be configured for use with the HIllRom Voalte system and other associated equipment. The procurement includes all installation of the included equipment/accessories. The procurement includes all planning/project assistance in order to complete all upgrades. The procurement includes upgrade of the nurse call system at the Serenity House. The upgrade shall be interoperable with the existing Hillrom Voalte nurse call system installed throughout the medical center. The nurse call in these shall be able to be networked like the existing Voalte system (finer interconnect). The current dome lights shall be relocated in the Serenity House to more visible locations. The nurse console in Serenity House shall be relocated to a location designated by the VA. Installation of a VA-owned additional Hill-Rom staff station is required for the Serenity House. Installation of a VA-owned additional Hill-Rom zone light is required for the Serenity House. All cabling, backboxes, and conduit runs shall be included. The procurement includes installation of the nurse call system at the Tranquility House. Installation services for VA-owned Hill-Rom equipment in the Tranquility House is required. All cabling, backboxes, and conduit runs shall be included for the installation of the equipment. Contractor shall provide two copies of the operating and service manuals. INTERNET PROTOCOL VERSION 6 (IPV6) The Contractor solution shall support Internet Protocol Version 6 (IPv6) based upon the memo issued by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) on November 19,2020 (https://www.whitehouse.gov/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/M-21-07.pdf). IPv6 technology in accordance with the USGv6 Program (https://www.nist.gov/programs-projects/usgv6-program/usgv6-revision-1),NIST Special Publication (SP) 500-267B Revision 1 USGv6 Profile (https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.SP.500-267Br1),and NIST SP 800-119 Guidelines for the Secure Deployment of IPv6 (https://doi.org/10.6028/NIST.SP.800-119),compliance shall be included in all IT infrastructures,application designs,application development,operational systems and sub-systems,and their integration. In addition to the above requirements,all devices shall support native IPv6 and dual stack (IPv6 / IPv4) connectivity without additional memory or other resources being provided by the Government,so that they can function in a mixed environment. All public/external facing servers and services (e.g. web,email,DNS,ISP services,etc.) shall support native IPv6 and dual stack (IPv6 / IPv4) users and all internal infrastructure and applications shall communicate using native IPv6 and dual stack (IPv6 / IPv4) operations. Delivery Requirements Delivery of supplies is required 90 days from award of the contract. Delivery of all services (project management, implementation, installation, etc.) shall be coordinated with the contract COR. Large deliveries are to be coordinated in advance with the COR to ensure necessary planning takes place. Contractor is to provide the COR with shipment tracking information. Installation Requirements Full installation of the system shall be included as a part of this contract. All parts, materials, tools, labor, and travel to complete the installation shall be included as a part of this contract. Contractor is required to complete all configuration for the system to be usable. Contractor shall provide validation that the system is fully functional upon completion of the installation/implementation. Contractor shall be responsible for complying with all infection control protocols for any work above ceilings, dust generating work, etc. Contractor shall work with the COR upon award of this contract to complete pre-installation documentation. Patient Health Information The Contractor shall safeguard patient health information. The Contractor shall report to the Biomedical Engineering Department any issues with disclosed or unsecure patient health information. De-Installation Requirements De-installation of the existing Tranquility House nurse call system shall be included. Contractor is required for removal and disposal of existing system. Contractor shall not remove any hard-drives or storage systems containing sensitive or patient health information. Training Requirements Contract shall include training for the end-users in the operation of the system for the Tranquility House. Training shall be on the function and use of the nurse call system. Training shall be available on all three shifts (morning, evening, and night). Contractor Requirements All Contractor personnel performing installation services of the equipment shall have factory training and experience in the implementation of the equipment. Contractor shall provide copies of training certificates for the Contractor personnel performing work on-site upon the request of the Government. Warranty Information The equipment shall have a warranty of 1 year from the full installation/acceptance of the equipment. Warranty support shall include repair of the system Warranty support shall include all parts, materials, labor, and travel to complete the repair or maintenance. Requests for warranty support shall be made to the telephone support number provided by the Contractor. Warranty support requests shall be responded to within 1 day. Contractor shall perform any available system updates during the warranty period at the discretion of Biomedical Engineering. Contractor shall provide a copy of the service report, complete with test data, to the contract COR within five working days after completion of any services. Service reports shall include identifying information about the equipment, all services provided during the service visit, any issues found during the visit, the technician/engineer names of the personnel performing work, and the date service was provided. On-Site Procedures Contractor personnel arriving on-site to perform work shall report to the Biomedical Engineering Department. Contractor personnel shall sign in using the department s vendor sign in sheet, filling out all required information. Contractor personnel s tool bags are subject to inspection by the Biomedical Engineering department upon arrival and upon departure. Contractor personnel shall sign out upon completion of visit. Prior to departure, Contractor personnel are required to, at a minimum, verbally report any issues with the equipment to the Biomedical Engineering department, especially noting if the system is still down or not fully repaired. The VA campus is non-smoking. Contractor personnel are required to comply with this policy. Parking. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to park in the appropriate desig nated park ing areas. Safety and Security Contractor shall follow all Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) laws and regulations. The Contractor is responsible for reporting any hazards they come across to their point of contact. Contractor shall follow all local procedures concerning infection control. Should the Contractor be unsure of the requirements, the COR can provide the specific information and procedures. Contractor personnel shall wear visible identification at all times while on VA property. Contract personnel are required to identify themselves as such to avoid creating an impression in the minds of members of the public that they are Government officials. Property Damage The contractor shall take all necessary precautions to prevent damage to any Government property. The contractor shall report any damages immediately and shall be assessed current replacement costs for property damaged by the contractor, unless corrective action is taken. Any damaged material (i.e., trees, shrubs, lawn/turf, curbs, gutters, sidewalks, etc.) will be replaced in a timely manner or corrected by the contractor with like materials, at no extra cost to the Government, upon approval of the Contracting Officer. QUALITY ASSURANCE End-users, Biomedical Engineering, and/or the contract COR shall perform system verification tests to ensure the system is fully functional. Issues with the quality of the Contractor s work will be communicated through the Contracting Officer to the Contractor point of contact for resolution. Documentation with be completed in the Government systems.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Keysha Gorman
  - Title: Contractor Officer
  - Email: Keysha.Gorman74@va.gov
  - Phone: 410-637-1513

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b475ec3e0aed4638905036134238774b/view)