---
layout: default
title: Willamette NF, Detroit RD 2026 Tree Planting
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 5c0ff1efc41c47599a6765df7446e9f4
---

# Willamette NF, Detroit RD 2026 Tree Planting

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 19:14:19.976-04
- Solicitation Number: 1240BE26Q0045

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 1240BE26Q0045 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) Project: Willamette NF, Detroit RD 2026 Tree Planting The North American Industry Classification Standard (NAICS) code is 115310 – Support Activities for Forestry and the Small Business Size Standard is $11.5 million. This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-aside. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the Agency. This solicitation incorporates Provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of Provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. Award Type: It is anticipated that a Firm Fixed Price Purchase Order will be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. The Government intends to make one award from this solicitation. Therefore, to be considered responsive, contractors must submit pricing for all items. Statement of Requirement: The purpose of this solicitation is to secure services for tree planting of approximately 820,226 Government-furnished tree seedlings in such a manner as to ensure tree survival and growth. The Contractor shall, considering given resource objectives for the work unit, develop a plan of operation to accomplish these objectives, organize, and direct all the equipment and personnel needed to fully accomplish the work. The Contractor shall furnish all technical expertise, labor, equipment, supervision, transportation, operating supplies, services, permits, licenses, and credentials necessary to complete the work required. All aspects of the work program shall be performed in an organized, systematic, and safe manner to assure services will be performed over the entire project area. See Attachment 3 – Performance Work Statement for further information. Schedule of Items – Pricing (See Attachment 2): Complete the Schedule of Items with quoter’s business information and pricing. Base Items are a planned purchase. Option Item(s) will be ordered at time of award based on funding availability. Unit Price: Per Seedling Location: All planting is located on Detroit Ranger District, within the Beachie/Lionshead Fire Closure Area. Quoters must carry a copy of the Solicitation/Contract documentation when traveling within the closure area. Driving Directions: For each site, refer to the Georeferenced Maps for more detail. Cedar Creek Units 1-15: Start at Detroit Ranger Station. Head west on hwy 22 for 18 miles to Gates, Oregon. From hwy 22, take a right and head North on Gates Hill rd SE for 3.7 miles . At the stop sign, take a right on North Fork Rd SE. Head East on N Fork Rd for 4.6 miles. Continue onto NF Dev Rd 2207 for ½ mile, slight right to stay on NF-2207. Drive on NF-2207 for 7 miles. The units are in this area. Sardine & Halls Ridge units: As you leave the ranger station, take a left on hwy 22 and head North/ East for 1.2 miles and take a left on French Creek Rd Head north for 4 miles, the road changes to NF-2223 rd. Continue this road for 3 miles. Devils Units: From Detroit Ranger Station, Turn left onto OR-22 E for 7.6miles. Turn left onto NF-2233 and go 8 miles to McCoy Snow mobile Area. Turn right on NF-650 for 3 miles. Pidgeon Prairie: From Detroit Ranger Station, Turn left onto OR-22 E for 7.6miles. Turn left onto NF-2233 for 4.1 miles. Turn right onto NF-620 for 3.1 miles. White Water Units: From Detroit Ranger Station, Turn left onto OR-22 E for 12 miles. Turn left onto NF-2243 for 0.1 miles. Turn right to stay on NF-2243 for 2.3 miles then take a Slight right onto NF-440. Bruno Units: From Detroit Ranger Station, Turn left onto OR-22 E for 19.2 miles. Turn right onto NF-2234 and continue for 1.7 miles. Turn right to stay on NF-2234 and continue for 1.6 miles. The location of the worksites, access to the areas, methods of work, size of each sub item, and other information pertinent to this contract are contained in the Vicinity and Project Maps, which shall be considered as part of the technical specifications. The contractor shall incorporate walk-in costs into the per Unit/Seedling pricing. Forest Service Roads designated 4x4 high clearance on the vicinity map may not be accessible due to slides or other conditions. Road conditions may vary due to snow and mud. Four-wheel drive vehicles and/or tire chains are recommended. Inaccessibility due to snow, fallen trees, slides or washouts on roads may or may not be corrected at the option of the Government. If road access is blocked, the Government may: (1) suspend work, (2) compensate the Contractor for walk-in distances at the predetermined rate, (3) delete the inaccessible subitems, (4) substitute similar subitems. Roads shown on unit maps indicate access to units and do not suggest the roads are open within units or for any further travel. ORV use may be permitted to transport tree seedlings on roads not accessible to passenger vehicles at the CO’s discretion. ORV may not be used beyond the roadbeds. Use of motorized equipment other than handheld equipment such as power saws and brush cutters will not be permitted off designated roads in the project area without approval of the Contracting Officer or as hereinafter provided. Unit boundaries are 100% virtual. Only a small portion of the contract area was able to be laid out prior to the performance date of the contract. The Government will provide georeferenced .pdf maps, or shapefiles (if requested), for all units. The Contractor is required to furnish GPS device(s) compatible with .pdf format georeferenced maps and capable of better than 30ft accuracy. The Contractor may choose to identify unit boundaries by flagging before or during planting work. Flagging for the purpose of boundary identification must be furnished by the Contractor and flagging color must be approved by Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) prior to use. Site Visit: The quoter is advised to visit the worksites to determine site conditions and average plant trees per acre prior to submitting a quote. The quoter is responsible for determining the amount of work. Closure areas may be inaccessible due to locked gates or other impediments. Site Visit contact: To request access, contact Jason McDougal by phone (503-8544204) or email (Jason.mcdougal@usda.gov) Quoters must have the capacity (crew availability, open calendar) to start the week of April 13, 2026, no exceptions. Estimated Start Work Date: April 13, 2026 Complete by: May 31, 2026 Period of Performance: April 13, 2026, through Jun 30, 2026. This is a potential work range that allows for adjustments by the COR for weather, seedling availability, etc. The Performance Time below shall be followed. Performance Time: 1 day (including weekends) per 18000 seedlings of work: 43 days. Workdays may not be continuous due to snow especially on north facing slopes. Submission of Quotes: To respond to this quote, email the following documents: 1) Attachment 2 – Schedule of Items, 2)Your written response to the Evaluation Factors. Adobe Acrobat or Word documents accepted. Failure to respond to evaluation factors will result in exclusion from the evaluation. 3) Licensing: MPSA, BOLI, H2B Certificates 4) Licensing Statements page (with yellow highlights) 5) Attachment 12 SF-1449 Sign Blocks 17a and 30a,b, and c Questions shall be submitted via email to paula.winningham@usda.gov are due no later than three days prior to quote due date and time. This will ensure enough time to respond before the solicitation period ends. Please include the solicitation name and number as the subject line of the email. Quotes are due through email no later than April 2, 2026, 2pm PST. Send quotes to: paula.winningham@usda.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Paula S. Winningham
  - Email: paula.winningham@usda.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Performance Work Statement for further information. Schedule of Items – Pricing (See Attachment 2): Complete the Schedule of Items with quoter’s business information and pricing. Base Items are a planned purchase. Option Item(s) will be ordered at time of award based on funding availability. Unit Price: Per Seedling Location: All planting is located on Detroit Ranger District, within the Beachie/Lionshead Fire Closure Area. Quoters must carry a copy of the Solicitation/Contract documentation when traveling within the closure area. Driving Directions: For each site, refer to the Georeferenced Maps for more detail. Cedar Creek Units 1-15: Start at Detroit Ranger Station. Head west on hwy 22 for 18 miles to Gates, Oregon. From hwy 22, take a right and head North on Gates Hill rd SE for 3.7 miles . At the stop sign, take a right on North Fork Rd SE. Head East on N Fork Rd for 4.6 miles. Continue onto NF Dev Rd 2207 for ½ mile, slight right to stay on NF-2207. Drive on NF-2207 for 7 miles. The units are in this area. Sardine & Halls Ridge units: As you leave the ranger station, take a left on hwy 22 and head North/ East for 1.2 miles and take a left on French Creek Rd Head north for 4 miles, the road changes to NF-2223 rd. Continue this road for 3 miles. Devils Units: From Detroit Ranger Station, Turn left onto OR-22 E for 7.6miles. Turn left onto NF-2233 and go 8 miles to McCoy Snow mobile Area. Turn right on NF-650 for 3 miles. Pidgeon Prairie: From Detroit Ranger Station, Turn left onto OR-22 E for 7.6miles. Turn left onto NF-2233 for 4.1 miles. Turn right onto NF-620 for 3.1 miles. White Water Units: From Detroit Ranger Station, Turn left onto OR-22 E for 12 miles. Turn left onto NF-2243 for 0.1 miles. Turn right to stay on NF-2243 for 2.3 miles then take a Slight right onto NF-440. Bruno Units: From Detroit Ranger Station, Turn left onto OR-22 E for 19.2 miles. Turn right onto NF-2234 and continue for 1.7 miles. Turn right to stay on NF-2234 and continue for 1.6 miles. The location of the worksites, access to the areas, methods of work, size of each sub item, and other information pertinent to this contract are contained in the Vicinity and Project Maps, which shall be considered as part of the technical specifications. The contractor shall incorporate walk-in costs into the per Unit/Seedling pricing. Forest Service Roads designated 4x4 high clearance on the vicinity map may not be accessible due to slides or other conditions. Road conditions may vary due to snow and mud. Four-wheel drive vehicles and/or tire chains are recommended. Inaccessibility due to snow, fallen trees, slides or washouts on roads may or may not be corrected at the option of the Government. If road access is blocked, the Government may: (1) suspend work, (2) compensate the Contractor for walk-in distances at the predetermined rate, (3) delete the inaccessible subitems, (4) substitute similar subitems. Roads shown on unit maps indicate access to units and do not suggest the roads are open within units or for any further travel. ORV use may be permitted to transport tree seedlings on roads not accessible to passenger vehicles at the CO’s discretion. ORV may not be used beyond the roadbeds. Use of motorized equipment other than handheld equipment such as power saws and brush cutters will not be permitted off designated roads in the project area without approval of the Contracting Officer or as hereinafter provided. Unit boundaries are 100% virtual. Only a small portion of the contract area was able to be laid out prior to the performance date of the contract. The Government will provide georeferenced .pdf maps, or shapefiles (if requested), for all units. The Contractor is required to furnish GPS device(s) compatible with .pdf format georeferenced maps and capable of better than 30ft accuracy. The Contractor may choose to identify unit boundaries by flagging before or during planting work. Flagging for the purpose of boundary identification must be furnished by the Contractor and flagging color must be approved by Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) prior to use. Site Visit: The quoter is advised to visit the worksites to determine site conditions and average plant trees per acre prior to submitting a quote. The quoter is responsible for determining the amount of work. Closure areas may be inaccessible due to locked gates or other impediments. Site Visit contact: To request access, contact Jason McDougal by phone (503-8544204) or email (Jason.mcdougal@usda.gov) Quoters must have the capacity (crew availability, open calendar) to start the week of April 13, 2026, no exceptions. Estimated Start Work Date: April 13, 2026 Complete by: May 31, 2026 Period of Performance: April 13, 2026, through Jun 30, 2026. This is a potential work range that allows for adjustments by the COR for weather, seedling availability, etc. The Performance Time below shall be followed. Performance Time: 1 day (including weekends) per 18000 seedlings of work: 43 days. Workdays may not be continuous due to snow especially on north facing slopes. Submission of Quotes: To respond to this quote, email the following documents: 1) Attachment 2 – Schedule of Items, 2)Your written response to the Evaluation Factors. Adobe Acrobat or Word documents accepted. Failure to respond to evaluation factors will result in exclusion from the evaluation. 3) Licensing: MPSA, BOLI, H2B Certificates 4) Licensing Statements page (with yellow highlights) 5) Attachment 12 SF-1449 Sign Blocks 17a and 30a,b, and c Questions shall be submitted via email to paula.winningham@usda.gov are due no later than three days prior to quote due date and time. This will ensure enough time to respond before the solicitation period ends. Please include the solicitation name and number as the subject line of the email. Quotes are due through email no later than April 2, 2026, 2pm PST. Send quotes to: paula.winningham@usda.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5c0ff1efc41c47599a6765df7446e9f4/view)