---
layout: default
title: N059--VA Southern Nevada Health Care System (VASNHCS) Cellular Distributive Antenna System Equipment & Install
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: a50c0921fa754fe48b3956b7bd3a4dca
---

# N059--VA Southern Nevada Health Care System (VASNHCS) Cellular Distributive Antenna System Equipment & Install

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-06 13:30:45.434-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26126Q0569
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY The intent of this Sources Sought Announcement is to assist in our decision-making process for services procurement. This is not a solicitation, nor request for quotes or proposals. Through the receipt of responses, this will enable a more precise type of procurement process. The Government is not obligated to, nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this sources sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award of a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. Any inquiries are to be made in writing by email to the point of contact, Larry Facio, Contracting Officer. Responses to this notice shall be sent by email to larry.facio@va.gov by the due date and time of 04/13/2026 by 1:00 p.m. (Pacific Time). Upon receipt of capabilities statement, Contracting Officer may request additional market research aid such as informal pricing. PROJECT TITLE: Replacement of neutral host DAS 700/Cell/PCS/AWS bands. REQUIREMENTS/SCOPE: VA Southern Nevada Health Care System (VASNHS) Las Vegas, Nevada requires a turnkey solution (all aspects of this task will be accomplished by the vendor as described in the special Tasks paragraph). This contractor will provide a complete removal of the old antiquated Distributive Antenna System (DAS) and installation of a new Neutral Host Solid DAS enhanced system that will support AT&T, Verizon, and T-Mobile throughout the VA Hospital and connected buildings. The project also includes a completely new antenna installation within the Administration building attached to the main Medical Center. The services located at the VA Medical Center Bldg. #1, 6900 North Pecos Road, North Las Vegas, Nevada 89086. SPECIFIC TASKS: The following specific tasks will be accomplished by the vendor: Contractor shall perform pre-deployment survey that will establish RF coverage areas, equipment locations, and infrastructure GFE products such as in-place fiber, equipment racks and MDF/IDF closets. Contractor will provide at a minimum: IBwave designed DAS with all test results and installation designs submitted to COR for review and approval to proceed with equipment deployment. Testing of all GFE fiber to use to ensure proper operational characteristics are met. Provide segment sweep and PIM testing of all RF coaxial cabling used. Certified DAS commissioning operations with full results given to COR in final drawings package. Adhere to facility requirements for using firestop materials, Cabling installations, Infection Control Risk Assessment (ICRA) procedures. Vendor will provide pictures and mechanical drawings of all newly installed cables, antennas, and control equipment along with full RF coverage maps and signal strength documents for each area. Contractor will provide all head end and remote electronics equipment for entire DAS. Additional requirements: Contractor shall adhere to the Salient Characteristics sheet provided and not add or substitute any component(s) without prior approval from the contracting officer. Contractor will install new DAS alongside current DAS and will make new DAS operational before removing old DAS from any location. The Contractor will provide installation and removal schedule to COR before any installation/removal begins. The contractor shall adhere to Hospital provided Hazardous dust/debris protection procedures in any area identified during all operations of this contract. Contractor will dispose of all existing DAS equipment and packing/extra debris from new equipment install as required for new system deployment and dispose of this equipment. The contractor will provide turnkey support for any equipment RMA operations covered under this contract. Contractor shall install new DAS in Administrative Building (Bldg. 6) that shall interface with the newly installed DAS within the hospital locations. Vendor MUST show proof that they have the capability to configure, and program installed equipment and perform interface capabilities with Verizon, AT&T, and T-Mobile representatives. Vendor must provide evidence of previous experience working within a Government/VA Hospital/Medical Center facility. Vendor must have the capability to have a technician on-site within 2hrs of notification of equipment issues during the entire warranty period. Vendor may be required to perform their work after hours and should plan accordingly. Vendor will list each floor/location/building that they will install/remove antenna systems in their installation planning documents. Vendor shall adhere to provided Salient Characteristics sheet for equipment needed and specifications. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE/SCHEDULE: The initial POP for this contract shall be: Base Year: 6/1/2026 through 5/31/2027 U.S. GOVERNMENT FURNISHED MATERIALS AND SERVICES: The contractor shall be responsible for the receipt and handling of all equipment and materials. The contractor shall coordinate proposed delivery areas with the Engineer. CONTRACTOR FURNISHED ITEMS AND SERVICES: The contractor shall furnish all necessary services, licenses, and installation processes as needed to complete this system installation and operations and any other items and services to perform all delivery and pick-up operations required by this statement of work. The contractor shall provide fully qualified on-site personnel who shall be responsible for the performance of the work. The name of the person and all alternates shall be designated in writing to the Contracting Officer. The contractor will certify in writing that all employees operating equipment are trained and qualified. 10. CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITIES: Contractor Employees. The contractor shall not employ personnel for work on this contract if such employee is identified with the contractor as a potential threat to health, safety, security, general well-being or operational mission of the installation and its population. The Contractor shall furnish service manuals and/or test equipment for the performance of this contract. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to bring the appropriate equipment, parts and/or supplies necessary to complete the work as required. The Contractor shall be familiar and follow maintenance guidelines contained in current technical service manuals for all equipment and sub-assemblies listed. Manuals shall include but not be limited to schematics, diagrams, written procedures and parts lists. All work shall be performed, and equipment shall function in conformance with all VA safety standards, manufacturer s/industry standards, the latest published edition of NFPA-99, FDA, OSHA, Joint Commission, and other applicable national standards. The COR may facilitate a copy of VA safety standards to the Contractor upon request. Contractor personnel shall present a neat appearance and be easily recognized as contractor employees. This may be accomplished by wearing distinctive clothing bearing the name of the company or company ID badge. Contractor field service personnel shall be dressed to present a clean, neat appearance at all times when performing under this contract. Personnel performing service/installation services must be fully qualified, competent, technicians. Fully qualified and competent is defined as factory trained and verified by the vendor. 11. SERVICE RESPONSE TIMES: The following service response times shall be adhered to at all times identified below: Contractor MUST provide a US based consultive and Tech support resource included with the initial and yearly service contract. Contractor will provide all engineering and software updates necessary for continued operation during the warranty life of this contract. Contractor will provide an on-site technician within 2 hrs. during the warranty period for and full sector or complete system outages. 12. RE-PERFORMANCE: If performance does not conform to the contract specifications, the VA Healthcare Center s COR or the Contracting Officer shall require the Contractor to perform the service again to conform to the contract specifications, at no cost to the Government. When the defects in service cannot be corrected by re-performance, the VA Medical facility may require the Contractor to call in a senior technical engineer from the manufacturer or from a different company. The Contractor shall incur and absorb all expenses for consultation outside the Contractor s organization. Repeated malfunctions of any system component or subsection more than three (3) times within one (1) quarter is not acceptable. The Contractor is responsible for repairing all faulty equipment and identifying the nature and cause of repeated failures. The Contractor in this situation must either: Make repairs in such a manner that the identified problems are corrected to the extent that repeated failures are eliminated. Prove that the equipment is not faulty and an external cause for the problem exists and provide recommendations for resolution. Provide repair services from the original equipment manufacturer at the Contractor s expense. 13. RESPONSE METHOD: The Government requests capability statements and comments from interested businesses regarding the requirements described above. Responsible sources are encouraged to submit a response to this notice with a statement of interest on company letterhead. When responding, in Subject line insert: Sources Sought VASNHCS DAS Project At a minimum, the following information shall be provided: 1. Company Name; 2. Company Mailing Address; 3. Point(s) of Contact including telephone number(s) & email address(es); 4. Socio-Economic (i.e. Small/Large Business, HUBZone, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned, 8(a), etc.) as it relates to NAICS Code 334220 - Radio and Television Broadcasting and Wireless Communications Equipment Manufacturing (1,250 Employees) (NAICS subject to change) 5. Provide a summary of the type of services performed and experience as it relates to installation and replacement-removal of communication equipment. 6. UEI Number 7. If participant in Veterans Affairs national contracts or GSA; provide contract #. 8. Sub-Contracting Intentions (provide above items 1 thru 6 of intended subcontractor along with description of sub-contractor duties). This area will be heavily scrutinized so as to avoid pass-through acquisitions. 9. Additional information and/or comments. Veterans First Contracting Program and the VA Rule of Two (Kingdomware v. United States) 38 U.S.C. 8127 - 8128: Service-disabled veteran owned small business (SDVOSB) or Veteran owned small business (VOSB) concern must be registered and verified in VA's Vendor Information Pages (VIP) database at www.vip.vetbiz.gov to be eligible for award as a SDVOSB or VOSB if/when a solicitation is issued for this requirement as a SDVOSB or VOSB set aside. In addition, this requirement has been determined to be set aside as SDVOSB or VOSB acquisition, only SDVOSB or VOSB that respond to this specific notice within the above stated due date will be eligible for award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Larry Facio
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: larry.facio@va.gov
  - Phone: 916-923-4553

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a50c0921fa754fe48b3956b7bd3a4dca/view)