---
layout: default
title: FY26 Concert Production Support
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 490ab5b792f643d7a58556aff75c4f27
---

# FY26 Concert Production Support

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 02:38:10.561-04
- Solicitation Number: F41999-26-Q-0050

## Summary

Air Force Entertainment (AFE) LIVE STAGE will produce concerts at six (6) Air Force Installations during 2026. Due to the magnitude of the event, AFE requires a production company to support each concert by augmenting AFE assets and personnel to meet artist’s performance requirements. The Air Force Nonappropriated Fund Procurement Office (AFNAFPO) intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price contract to the offeror whose quote is the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA). The 2026 Entertainment Program is scheduled to begin on 13 Jul 2026 and continue through 30 Sep 2026. The Contractor will advance all artists scheduled to perform concerts and identify total requirements for providing production support for each concert. The Contractor will then meet with the AFE Technical Director to ensure ability to support identified requirements and validate interfacing of AFE and Contractor equipment necessary to support each requirement. The Contractor will provide all technical equipment, personnel and transportation listed in Part II. AFE will provide their equipment identified as well as any additional equipment required to meet artist’s production riders not listed to be supplied by the Contractor. The Contractor supplied technical personnel must possess the skill and professional expertise to be fully capable of transporting, setting up, operating and tearing down the complete Audio, Video, Lighting and Staging Systems identified within this Statement of Work. They must be capable of passing standard base entry security requirements and adhering to all host base protocols. 6 Air Force Installations Summer Heat #1: 18 Jul - Fairchild AFB, WA 25 Jul - Malmstrom AFB, MT Summer Heat #2: 15 Aug - Buckley SFB, CO 22 Aug - Ellsworth AFB, SD Summer Heat #3: 12 Sep - JB MDL, NJ 19 Sep - JB LE, VA "Please submit questions concerning the Statement of Work (SOW) in writing to the Contract Specialist listed below no later than (NLT) 5:00 PM, CST, 26 March 2026. " This is a nonappropriated fund purchase and it does not obligate appropriated funds of the United States Government. Nonappropriated funds are generated by the military community through the sale of goods and services and the collection of fees and charges for participation in military community programs. This purchase does not involve federal tax dollars.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Whitney Ward
  - Email: whitney.ward.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 380-459-8120
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jared Chambliss
  - Email: jared.chambliss@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/490ab5b792f643d7a58556aff75c4f27/view)