---
layout: default
title: Z1DA--508-26-102, Building 1 Exterior Repair and Coating Phase 1 FY26
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: d7309d2f11a0480d86971db8d81ebf0a
---

# Z1DA--508-26-102, Building 1 Exterior Repair and Coating Phase 1 FY26

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 13:40:50.283-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24726R0078
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Presolicitation Notice Page 4 of 4 Page 1 of THIS CONSTRUCTION SERVICES PRESOLICITATION NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP). CONTRACTORS SHOULD NOT SUBMIT FORMAL PROPOSALS UNTIL THE RFP IS POSTED TO THIS WEBSITE. Set-Aside Information: This acquisition is a 100% Set Aside for certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSBs). Prospective Contractors are cautioned that a proposal submitted in response to this solicitation must meet the criteria identified in VAAR Clause 852.219-73, VA NOTICE OF TOTAL SET-ASIDE FOR CERTIFIED SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION). Prospective Contractors must comply with VAAR Clause 852.219-75 VA NOTICE OF LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE FOR SERVICES AND CONSTRUCTION (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION). Â In the case of a contract for special trade contractors, the contractor will not pay more than 75% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are notÂ certifiedÂ SDVOSBsÂ listed in the SBA certification databaseÂ as set forth inÂ 852.219-73Â orÂ certifiedÂ VOSBsÂ listed in the SBA certification databaseÂ as set forth inÂ 852.219-74. Any work that a similarly situatedÂ certified SDBOSB/VOSBÂ subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the 75% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Cost of materials is excluded and not considered to be subcontracted. For an SDVOSB to be considered as a prospective contractor, the firm must be certified and listed in the SBA certification database (search.certifications.sba.gov) and registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database (sam.gov) at time of submission of their qualification. A joint venture may be considered eligible as an SDVOSB if the joint venture complies with the requirements inÂ 13 CFR 128.402 and the managing joint venture partner makes the representations under 852.219-73(c). A joint venture agrees that, in the performance of the contract, the applicable percentage specified in paragraph 852.219-73(d) of the clause will be performed by the aggregate of the joint venture participants. Failure of a prospective SDVOSB to meet these certification requirements by the SBA shall result in elimination from consideration. The firm must also report to VETS-4212 Federal Contractor Reporting in accordance with FAR 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans at dol.gov/agencies/vets/programs/vets4212 if applicable. Contract Information: A Firm Fixed Price Construction contract is contemplated for: Project No. & Title: 508-26-102 Building 1 Exterior Repair and Coating Phase 1 Work Location: Atlanta VAMC. Magnitude of Construction: Between $500,000 and $1,000,000. Estimated/target Completion Period: 180 calendar days from NTP for construction completion. NAICS code for this acquisition is 238320, Painting and Wall Covering Contractors, with a size standard of $19.0 million. The Product Service Code (PSC) is Z1DA Maintenance of Hospitals and Infirmaries. Definitization of equitable adjustments for any potential change orders will be handled in accordance with (IAW) federal regulations and policies as outlined in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), Department of Veterans Affairs Acquisition Regulation (VAAR), Veterans Affairs Acquisition Manual (VAAM), and any other applicable Veterans Affairs (VA) guidelines and policies. Applicable provisions and clauses will be included in the solicitation and subsequent contract. Data regarding VA timelines on definitizations within the past 3 fiscal years is currently unavailable. Project Information: The Contractor shall furnish all labor, materials, equipment, supervision, and incidentals necessary to perform Building 1 Exterior Repair and Coating Phase 1 The intent of this requirement is to coat the exterior paintable surfaces (to include but not limited to concrete, stucco, EIFS, wood, plastic) of Building 1 northwest and southwest faces. The area is the exterior face approximately from the corner of the emergency department near the pedestrian bridge stair tower to the northwest facing wall across and parking deck D and parallel to the catwalk above. The work included as any adjacent structures, parapet structures, and other items as indicated in the associated drawings/photographs and examples. Upon completion of the requirement, all indicated exterior surfaces of Building 1, connecting corridors, and parapet structures shall be refinished and sealed with no visible imperfections or brush marks, as well as having met the manufacturers recommended curing time, and conditions. Site Visits: A pre-proposal site visit will be held. Date and time will be announced in the solicitation. Selection Criteria: This requirement will be procured using the Trade-Off Source Selection process providing the best value to the Government. Submission Criteria: Solicitation 36C24726R0078 (including relevant documents, specifications, and drawings) will likely be posted on or about 3/24/2026 to sam.gov under Contract Opportunities. Once it is posted, all responsible sources may submit a proposal, which will be considered by the agency if they meet the requirements as listed in the solicitation. Any amendments to the solicitation will be posted solely to this website. It will be the responsibility of the offeror to verify the number of amendments issued.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Margaret Yeaton
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: Margaret.yeaton@va.gov
  - Phone: 706-231-7600

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d7309d2f11a0480d86971db8d81ebf0a/view)