---
layout: default
title: Market Survey - Vehicle Wash Platform - Devens Reserves Forces Training Area, MA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: c5308d8dfdb9464cb41906b738976569
---

# Market Survey - Vehicle Wash Platform - Devens Reserves Forces Training Area, MA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-06 10:46:31.811-04
- Solicitation Number: W912QR-26-DEVENS

## Summary

A market survey is being conducted to determine if there are a reasonable number of interested small business concerns to set this future project aside for them. If your firm is a Small Business, certified HUBZone, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Business or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Business and you are interested in this project please respond appropriately. Project Location: Devens Reserves Forces Training Area, MA Project Description: This is a Design/Bid/Build project to construct a Vehicle Wash Platform at Devens Reserve Forces Training Area, MA: Construct a Vehicle Wash Platform at Devens Reserve Forces Training Area (RFTA). Primary facilities include the construction of a three-station wash platform complete with drying and pivot pads, wash water recirculation, high and low pressure cleaning capability, water cannons, wash water containment and drains, paved surfaces, sedimentation basin, sludge removal, gravity oil and grease separator, and a water and grit separator. Supporting facilities include utility connections, electric service, water supply and drainage, site lighting, site work and storm drainage. This project is estimated to be 3000 SF for the wash lanes. Supporting facility costs are higher than normal due to the mandated placement of the wash platform within the South Post Range Complex, a remote location of the installation requiring longer utility runs. Facilities will be designed to a minimum life of 40 years in accordance with DoD's Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC 1-200-02) including energy efficiencies, building envelope and integrated building systems performance. This project will construct a vehicle wash platform at South Post near Landing Zone 1 on Attu Road to allow the gross cleaning of vehicles and equipment prior to their departing the Range Complex onto Jackson Road. The installation hosts numerous training events and exercises on South Post. Contract duration is estimated at 600 calendar days. The estimated cost range is between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. NAICS code is 236220. All interested Small Businesses, certified HUBZONE, 8A, Woman-Owned Small Business or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Business contractors should respond to this survey via the form or QR code provided by Monday, April 21, 2026 by 3:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. Responses should include: Identification and verification of the company’s small business status. Contractor’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI). Documentation from the firm’s bonding company showing current single and aggregate performance and payment bond limits. Description of Experience – Provide descriptions on up to three (3) projects completed by you as the prime contractor or if the offeror is a Small Business, they can provide Past Performance of affiliates in accordance with DFARS 215.305(a)(2)(C). Submissions of Past Performance from affiliates shall include documentation of the affiliation to the offeror. To be relevant, the projects submitted should be greater than 90% construction complete or completed within the last five (5) years and are similar to this project in scope and complexity. Demonstrate experience including self-performing 20% of the construction. Provide documentation demonstrating experience for projects of similar type projects. Each project must include the name, title, project role, e-mail address, and telephone number of at least one reference. References may be used to verify project size, scope, dollar value, percentages and quality of performance. Projects similar in Scope to this project include: Construction of vehicle wash facilities, industrial wash racks, or similar infrastructure involving wash water collection, containment, treatment, and reuse systems. Projects similar in size to this project include: New Construction of at least 1,800 SF Based on definitions above, for each project submitted include: Current percentage of construction complete and the date when it was or will be completed. Size of the project Scope of the project The dollar value of the construction contract The percentage of work that was self-performed as project and/or construction management services or physical construction type work. Whether the project was design build or design/bid/build Identify the number of subcontractors by construction trade utilized for each project. Small Businesses are reminded under FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting; they must perform at least 15% of the cost of the contract, not including the cost of materials, with the firm’s own employees for general construction-type procurement. Include the percentage of work that will be self-performed on this project, and how it will be accomplished. Submission Requirement: The only authorized transmission method of responses is via filling out the survey form. No other transmission method will be accepted. Please limit your capability statement to the space provided within the form. The Market Survey Form can be accessed at https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/zwJ1Uyr8p1 via the QR Code provided in the attachments. This is NOT a Request for Proposal and does not constitute any commitment by the Government. Responses to this sources sought notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. All interested sources must respond to future solicitation announcements separately for responses to this market survey. NOTICE: The following information is provided for situational awareness and is not required to respond to this Sources Sought. All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (www.SAM.gov) prior to award of a contract. All proposed contractors are highly encouraged to review FAR Clause 52.232-33 Payments by Electronic Funds Transfer – System for Award Management, which indicates “All payments by the Government under this contract shall be made by electronic funds transfer (EFT).” Those not currently registered can obtain registration by going to the website http://www.SAM.gov. The process can usually be completed from 24 to 48 hours after submission. Contractors will need to obtain a Unique Entity Identifier (formerly DUNS number) for processing their registration. If you do not already have a Unique Entity Identifier, one can be obtained from http://www.SAM.gov. Refer to www.SAM.gov for information formerly found in CCR, EPLS, ORCA and FedReg. Please begin the registration process immediately in order to avoid delay of the contract award should your firm be selected. ALERT: You must submit a notarized letter appointing the authorized Entity Administrator before your registration will be activated. This requirement now applies to both new and existing entities. Effective 29 April 2018, the notarized letter process is now mandatory on all CURRENT registrants at SAM who have a requirement to update data on their SAM record. The notarized letter is mandatory and is required before the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) will activate the entity's registration. Effective 29 June 2018, vendors creating or updating their registration can have their registration activated prior to the approval of the required notarized letter. However, the signed copy of the notarized letter must be sent to the GSA Federal Service Desk (FSD) within 30 days of activation or the vendor risks no longer being active in SAM. Vendors can check whether an account is active by performing a query by their CAGE or Unique Entity Identifier The new registration process may now take several weeks, so vendors are highly encouraged to begin registering as soon as possible to avoid any possible delays in future contract awards. Remember, there is no cost to use SAM. To find out additional information about the changes of the SAM registration process, contractors should visit the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) link located at the top of the SAM homepage (www.sam.gov).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Adam Brooks
  - Email: adam.m.brooks@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c5308d8dfdb9464cb41906b738976569/view)