---
layout: default
title: Pre-Solicitation - KENTUCKY LOCK CONFERENCING TRAILER CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 7b80b6da8a514e64be74fe2a07940bc4
---

# Pre-Solicitation - KENTUCKY LOCK CONFERENCING TRAILER CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 06:49:26.328-04
- Solicitation Number: W912P5-26-B-A002

## Summary

PRE-BID SITE VISIT: 22 April 2026, at 9:30 AM to 11:30 AM Central Time Kentucky Lock Resident Office 193 Taylor Park Road Grand Rivers, KY 42045 Offerors are urged and encouraged to inspect the site where services are to be performed and to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of the contract performance (FAR 52.237-1, Site Visit). Site Visit Form Documents are available under the Attachments section of this notice. ** All participants are required to have personal protective equipment, i.e. hard hat, safety glasses, reflective vests, and steel-toed shoes before entering the project site. Attendees who do not have these items present at the site visit may not be able to participate in the visit. Each individual attendee must register by verifying their name and company information via email to Contract Specialist, Bradley Eiras, at Bradley.M.Eiras@usace.army.mil and Contracting Officer, Dellaria Martin, at Dellaria.L.Martin@usace.army.mil. This will be the only Site Visit for this project. If you miss the scheduled event, no alternative arrangements will be made due to personnel and time constraints. PURPOSE: The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Nashville District (LRN), intends to issue an Invitation for Bid (IFB) solicitation for a firm fixed-price (FFP) construction contract for the Kentucky Lock Conferencing Trailer Project in Grand Rivers, KY. This is a Pre-solicitation Notice. This Notice is being issued for planning and information purposes only. This notice is not a solicitation, nor is it to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for any effort expended in responding to this notice, nor will the Government accept bids as a result of this notice. POINT OF CONTACT: The Primary Contract Specialist for this solicitation is Bradley Eiras, Bradley.M.Eiras@usace.army.mil. The Contracting Officer for this solicitation is Dellaria Martin, Dellaria.L.Martin@usace.army.mil. Any communication regarding this notice should be made in writing sent via email and must identify the Solicitation number, company name, address, phone number and point of contact. PROJECT DESCRIPTION: Project Description: Kentucky Lock – Conferencing Trailer This project involves the supply, delivery, and installation of a new 28'x60' modular office trailer at the Kentucky Lock Resident Office compound. The scope of work includes the following key components which includes but may not be limited to: Foundation and Installation: Preparation of the trailer foundation area, including the installation of in-ground structural footers to support the new trailer. Modular Office Trailer: Supply, delivery, and installation of a new 28’x60’ modular office trailer, which will be painted to match the existing Resident Office's two-tone color scheme. Furnishings and Utilities: The trailer will be fully equipped with all necessary furniture, appliances, HVAC, plumbing, flooring, lighting, cabinetry, fixtures, finishes, and signage. All utilities (plumbing, sewer, and electric) will be connected to the existing site utilities. Accessibility and Site Work: Construction of new wood decking, a ramp, stairs, and railings for access to the trailer. A new gravel access driveway will also be installed in the grassy roundabout area. Network Connectivity: Installation of a buried main fiber network line from the existing Resident Office trailer to the new office trailer. ANTICIPATED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: The contract is approximately 270 calendar days from the notice to proceed. This description is not intended to be all encompassing and is subject to change. No solicitation document exists at this time. The plans and specifications will be available with the solicitation announcement. The Release date for the solicitation is 16 APRIL 2026. The solicitation will be posted to Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) Solicitation Module. DISCLOSURE OF MAGNITUDE OF THE CONSTRUCTION PROJECT: The estimated price range is under $750,000.00. NAICS CODE AND SBA SIZE STANDARD: 236220 - Commercial and Institutional Building Construction; $45,000,000 TYPE OF SET-ASIDE: 100% Total Small Business Set-Aside SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM): Bidders are required to be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database (https://sam.gov) and Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) at the time a bid is submitted in order to comply with the annual representations and certifications requirements. Registration for PIEE is required as this is the only place bids shall be submitted. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Information regarding USACE's process for settling requests for equitable adjustments and duration goals to achieve definitization of equitable adjustments for change orders under construction contracts can be found by going to https://www.usace.army.mil/Business-With-Us/Partnering/ then clicking on "View FFP Contract Changes Playbook Here". Specific information pertaining to this procurement will be available in the solicitation. The solicitation documents will be posted on the SAM.gov website, https://sam.gov and PIEE Solicitation Module. It is, and will continue to be, the responsibility of all potential Bidders to monitor the SAM.gov website for any amendments, updates, responses to industry questions and answers, etc. The Government will not be maintaining a mailing list. INSTRUCTIONS FOR SUBMITTING ELECTRONIC BIDS: In an effort to reduce paperwork and cost, all bids shall be submitted electronically via the Solicitation Module of PIEE suite, as described below. Submissions shall be in Adobe PDF format. Electronic Bid Submissions is required through the Army's Electronic File Sharing Service in PIEE (https://piee.eb.mil/). The PIEE Application is used to send large files to individuals that would normally be too large to send via email. Information regarding how to set up a vendor registration is included in this link: https://pieetraining.eb.mil/wbt/xhtml/wbt/portal/overview/vendorRegister.xhtml. On this page, click on the "Vendor User Registration" Doc and it will take you through the process of registering as a vendor. If you plan on submitting a bid, be sure to select "SOL-Solicitation" in the drop-down list and choose the "Proposal Manager" role to be given the proper permissions. Further training is available at the following links: https://pieetraining.eb.mil/wbt/xhtml/wbt/sol/index.xhtml- This link shows information regarding the Solicitation application in PIEE and the different roles available. https://pieetraining.eb.mil/wbt/xhtml/wbt/sol/solicitation/proposals.xhtml - This link is for Bidders regarding the Proposal Manager function and instruction on submitting a bid.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: BRADLEY EIRAS
  - Email: bradley.m.eiras@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Dellaria Martin
  - Email: dellaria.l.martin@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 6157367986

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7b80b6da8a514e64be74fe2a07940bc4/view)