---
layout: default
title: 6350--NURSE CALL SYSTEM FOR DC VAMC. "BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO IAW SOW". OEM LETTER FROM THE MANUFACTURER IS REQUIRED. IF NO OEM LETTER VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE.
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 180be7ef585d4126afa85a0f4188187e
---

# 6350--NURSE CALL SYSTEM FOR DC VAMC. "BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO IAW SOW". OEM LETTER FROM THE MANUFACTURER IS REQUIRED. IF NO OEM LETTER VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE.

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-09 10:50:10.782-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0442
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) - IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION. THE SUBMISSION OF PRICING, CAPABILITIES FOR PLANNING PURPOSES, AND OTHER MARKET INFORMATION IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). SEE ATTACHMENT FOR DETAILS: NURSE CALL SYSTEM REPLACEMENT FOR WASHINGTON DC VAMC BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO IAW SOW SEE DETAILS IN THE SOW. * OEM DISTRIBUTOR/AUTHORIZATION LETTER FROM THE MANUFACTURER IS REQUIRED FOR ALL RESPONSES, IF NO OEM LETTER IS SUPPLIED THE VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE & THE VENDOR WILL BE DIS-QUALIFIED AT THE TIME RFI WILL CLOSE *. * MUST COMPLETE THE BUY AMERICAN CERTIFICATE - FAR 52.225-2 *. * IF THE VENDOR DON T PROVIDE THE ANSWERS FOR ALL THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS (1-14). ** THE VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE & VENDOR WILL BE DISQUALIFIED AT THE TIME RFI WILL CLOSE *. This is a requirement for: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs VA Medical Center (VAMC). DESCRIPTION: The Washington DC VAMC requires the contractor to deliver within 90 days from contract award to the VA medical facility warehouse below during normal business hours from 8:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. (EST), Monday through Friday: Delivery to: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Washington DC VA Medical Center WAREHOUSE/ATTN: 50 Irving Street Washington, DC 20422. DISCLAIMER: This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. Note: The contractor shall deliver the required commodities (Please see attachments) no later than 90 days or less from the date of the award, otherwise directed by the Contracting Officer (CO). Commodities shall not be delivered to the Government site on Federal holidays or weekends unless directed by the CO. Delivery shall be made between the hours of 8:00 am and 3:30 pm at the delivery location, during normal workday business hours. The U.S. Government is Performing Market Research to identify responsible sources who have the skills, experience, and knowledge required to successfully meet the requirements. Information received from Market Research will determine the best acquisition strategy and if responsible sources exist for competition, and/or a total Small Business Set-Aside. This is only for Market Research but may result in an invitation to an open discussion with the U.S. Government. This notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the U.S. Government. All information is to be submitted at no cost or obligation to the U.S. Government. Any information submitted by respondents to this notice is strictly voluntary. Propriety information or trade secrets should be clearly marked. The information received will not be returned. The U.S. Government reserves the right to reject, in whole or in part, any private sector input as a result of this Sources Sought notice/market survey. The U.S. Government is not obligated to notify respondents of the results of this notice. All responses to this Sources Sought must be submitted to the point of contact listed herein. This does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise, that procurement will be accomplished and is not a request for proposal or invitation for bid. Responding to this notice in no manner guarantees a contract will be awarded. ** MUST ANSWER ALL THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS (FROM 1 TO 14) TO QUALIFY FOR THIS SOLICITATION ** **Respondents to this source sought announcement capable of manufacturing these items should at a minimum provide the following information for U.S. Government review** Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? Are you the manufacturer or distributor of the items being referenced above? Must provide the Manufacture Name (OEM) & Manufacturer Part (MPN). Must complete the Buy American Certificate. FAR 52.225-2. If you are not a manufacturer. The company shall provide an OEM authorized distributor or reseller letter from original equipment manufacturers (OEM) to qualify for this requirement. If no OEM letter will be provided. The vendor will be considered nonresponsive, and the vendor will be disqualified at the time source sought notice (RFI) will close. Does all the items are on FSS/GSA. If the answer is yes. Please provide the FSS/GSA Contract Number and special item number (SIN) & OEM Letter from the Manufacturer that you are authorized to sell this product. Does all the items are on NAC/SAC or SEWP V. Please provide the contract number. Please provide general pricing for your products/solutions for market research purposes. Legal Business/Company Name (as it is indicated in https://sam.gov ). Unique Entity ID UEI (SAM). Warranty Information (Can be a separate attachment). Point of Contact Name, Telephone number and email address. Must provide the estimated delivery time frame after award. For example: Within 60 days ARO, Within 90 days ARO. The Government intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) contract for this purchase. To be considered for award, prospective quoters must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) website and complete representations and certifications at https://www.sam.gov . Prospective awardees MUST be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) at http://www.sam.gov. PRIOR TO AWARD and through final payment and must complete the Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) at http://www.sam.gov prior to award and through final payment. CONTRACT WILL NOT BE AWARDED UNTIL SAM REGISTRATION HAS BEEN COMPLETED. SDVOSB and VOSB socio-economic categories MUST be verified in the SBA Website, U.S. Small Business Administration: https://veterans.certify.sba.gov, at the time of receipt of quotes and at the time of award. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email: Mohsin.Abbas2@va.gov. No Telephone responses shall not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Thursday, April 16, 2026, by 3:00 PM (EST). Responses to this Sources Sought notice will be utilized by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After reviewing the responses to this Sources Sought notice, a solicitation announcement may or may not be published in SAM.GOV/Open Market or GSA eBuy. STATEMENT OF WORK CONTRACT TITLE. Mental Health Unit Nurse Call Replacement. BACKGROUND. The DC VA Medical Center has a requirement to replace and expand the Nurse Call System in the 3DE wing of the facility. The current system is partially functional as the call buttons have experienced water damage. This is a patient safety issue as patients cannot alert staff if they have fallen into the bathrooms. SCOPE OF WORK. The purpose of this project is to replace and expand the existing system that is partially non-functional Nurse Call System in the active Mental Health Ward at the Veteran s Affairs Medical Center in Washington DC (VAMCDC) located at 50 Irving Street, N.W. Washington D.C. 20422. The 3DE nurse call system will not be integrated with the facility s existing nurse call system. The existing system consists of 14 call buttons in 3 bathrooms. The expansion will include a 4th bathroom along with six additional calls buttons that will require rough-ins and cable runs to the panel. LOCATIONS AS SHOWN: 3D-112 (Unisex) Replace: 3 call buttons, dome light Add: 1 call button 3D-114 (Male) Replace: 6 call buttons, dome light Add: 3 call buttons 3D-133 (Staff) Add: 1 call button, dome light 3D-134 (Ladies) Replace: 4 call buttons, dome light Add: 1 call button Nurse Station (3D-121A) Add: Alarm panel Nurse Lounge (3D-119) Add: Alarm Panel Head Nurse Office Add: Alarm Panel Contractor provides a proposal to include all the necessary materials, labor, and equipment to complete all required work within all documented areas. Contractor to reuse existing conduit/penetrations when able and when suitable for the functionality required by the Government. All existing nurses call cables and equipment to be removed by Contractor. This work includes but is not limited to installation of rough ins in tiled bathrooms, patching walls and ceilings, pulling cables and sealing of hardware necessary to complete the nurse call system. The contractor shall provide and install all parts, materials, labor, resources, and training required to implement and utilize the equipment/system to their fullest capacity. All items must be covered by manufacturer s warranty and procured through a manufacturer-approved distribution channel. A workmanship warranty for a minimum of 3 years shall be included. A manufacturer parts warranty for a minimum of 1 year shall be included. Distributers and resellers must be able to document ability to provide items through manufacturer-approved distribution channels upon request. SPECIFICATIONS.

4.1 EQUIPMENT Line-Item Description Quantity Call Buttons 19 Panels 3 Dome Lights 1

4.2 REQUIRED FEATURES: All products must meet VHA Mental Health Facilities Design Guide and Mental Health Environment of Care Checklist (MHEOCC) requirements Call buttons must be waterproof and have a gasket within the backplate. Dome lights and panels must be flush trim anchored with tamper resistant screws All hardware must be anti-ligature SPECIFIC TASKS.

5.1 DELIVERY. All equipment shall be delivered to: Washington DC VA Medical Center 50 Irving St NW Washington, DC 20422 ATTN: VHAWAS Equipment Committee Contract VA Purchase Order (PO) number shall be included with delivery information (e.g., packing slip). Note: PO number starts with station code 688 followed by a letter and 5 digits (e.g., 688A12345) Delivery Hours: The Warehouse is open to receive deliveries Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., excluding holidays. Contractor shall coordinate delivery with the on-site Point of Contact (POC) and provide shipment tracking information. Contractor shall verify delivery date and time with the on-site POC at least 3 business days prior to scheduled delivery. Delivery is required within 90 days from award of the contract.

5.2 ON SITE PROCEDURES. COVID-19 Screening: All people entering the facility shall be subject to screening for COVID-19 per the current CDC (Center for Disease Control) guidelines. Mask Requirement: All contractors shall wear masks while indoors. Contract personnel are required to identify themselves as such to avoid creating an impression in the minds of members of the public that they are Government Officials. Time spent on site shall be for a period sufficient to complete the work set forth in the statement of work. On-site visits shall be scheduled in advance with the designated on-site POC. Contractors shall check in and out with Biomedical Engineering prior to visiting the worksite for each day of work. The VA campus is non-smoking. Contractor personnel are required to comply with this policy. Parking: it is the responsibility of the Contractor to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. Contractor personnel s tool bags are subject to inspection.

5.3 INSTALLATION/IMPLEMENTATION. Installation/Implementation will be completed by personnel certified and knowledgeable with the designated equipment/system. Installation shall be completed within the period of performance. Contractors shall be responsible for any Personal Protection Equipment (PPE) required when performing work on site. Contractor shall submit all removable media to be used on a VA system to Biomedical Engineering for scanning with anti-virus software prior to use. In the case of turn-in, exchange, repair, or replacement of equipment containing hard drives used by the VA, the hard drives shall be removed from the equipment and remain in possession of the VA (this includes loaned or rented equipment). The contractor shall take all necessary precautions to prevent damage to any government property. The contractor shall report any damage immediately and shall be assessed current replacement costs for property damaged by the contractor, unless corrective action is taken. Any damaged material (i.e., trees, shrubs, lawn/turf, curbs, gutters, sidewalks, etc.) will be replaced in a timely manner or corrected by the contractor with like materials, at no extra cost to the government, upon approval of the Contracting Officer.

5.4 TRAINING. Contractor shall be responsible for providing training to clinical staff/users. Training is to be scheduled in advance with the designated on-site POC. Education shall be provided prior to and/or at time of installation. Education professionals shall be certified to provide instruction on the designated equipment/system. Education curriculum must include operations and set-up, user maintenance, safety, and user troubleshooting tips.

5.5 INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE. Contractor shall conduct a joint inspection with the on-site POC upon completion of installation. In the event deficiencies are identified, the contractor shall provide the date when the identified deficiencies will be addressed if not addressed on the date of installation. The Contractor shall conduct a joint inspection with the on-site POC after addressing all deficiencies. All deficiencies identified in the joint inspections shall be corrected by the Contractor prior to Government acceptance of the item. Any disputes shall be resolved by the Contracting Officer.

5.6 DELIVERABLES. The Contractor shall provide the below documentation for the proposed equipment to VHAWASEquipmentRequests@va.gov within 10 business days of work completion: Service report. Warranty information. Electronic copy of the Operators Manual. Electronic copies of the complete technical service manuals, including troubleshooting guides, necessary diagnostic software and equipment information, schematic diagrams, and parts lists. HOURS OF OPERATION. DC VAMC s normal business hours are Monday-Friday, 8:00 am to 4:30 pm, excluding the Federal holidays observed: New Year s Day Labor Day Martin Luther King s Birthday Columbus Day President s Day Veterans Day Memorial Day Thanksgiving Day Juneteenth Christmas Day Independence Day Any other national holiday as declared by the President of the United States PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE. Delivery is expected within 90 days of contract award. SAFETY PRECAUTIONS. The Contractor shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and Local legal requirements regarding workers health and safety. The requirements include, but are not limited to, NFPA, EPA, and those found in Federal and State Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA) statutes and regulations, such as applicable provision of Title 29, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Parts 1910 and 1926. Contractor is solely responsible for following/complying with the legal requirements that apply to activities and shall ensure safe and healthy working conditions for its employees. Contractor shall assume the responsibility to guard against causing fires and/or explosions and to protect Government Property, reference NFPA 241 and OSHA 29 CFR 1926. Follow Interim Life Safety Measures (ILSM). Any series of Operational Actions taken to temporarily reduce hazards posed by Life Safety deficiencies which have been created by demolition, renovation, or construction works, and which are to remain in place and in effect for duration of Contract work. Provide interim life safety measures (ILSM) where fire protection, fire suppression and/or smoke/fire partitions will be shut down or rendered ineffective during construction. Coordinate with the VA safety Office through COR. ILSM must be posted outside work area at all times. The Contractor shall perform the work in a manner consistent with the area security and fire safety regulations especially with regard to exits and exit way access. All utility shutdowns shall be coordinated through the COR and not compromise security, communication or fire safety for occupants. Once construction barriers are in place, Safety & Infection Control will inspect with the CO/COR to ensure all protective measures are in place to start. After all Safety, Infection Control, Security, and other things are in place a Pre-Construction Checklist Assessment will be signed by Safety, Infection Control, and COR. Then the document shall be posted outside of the main entrance door throughout the duration of the project. The necessary number and appropriate types of portable fire extinguishers are required per National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) 10 and NFPA 41 must be provided and be operational. The Contractor must obtain a burn permit from VA Safety Office thru the COR prior to any cutting, welding, brazing, grinding, and soldering. All permits shall be prominently displayed outside of the entrance door(s) during all construction. The Contractor shall notify the COR of any Utility Outages, and a Utility Outage request must be completed by FMS prior to taking any Utilities out of service. Contractor shall allow ample time for FMS to coordinate and schedule such events. All necessary precautions shall be taken by the contractor to prevent activation of any existing smoke detectors or sprinkler heads. The Contractor shall at all times keep the work area free from accumulation of waste materials. Contractor is responsible for the removal of all materials and debris from the premises utilizing Contractor s waste bin under the guidance of state, federal, and local laws and regulations. Use of owner s waste bins is prohibited. Upon completing construction, the Contractor shall remove all temporary facilities and leave the project site in a clean and orderly condition acceptable to the COR. Any repair of damage caused as a result of this project will be the responsibility of the Contractor. SECURITY REQUIREMENTS. All staff that are to work on-site must attend a safety briefing prior to starting work. Staff must also maintain possession and accountability for all parts and tools brought into this area at all times. The recommendation is to minimize entry and exit of unit when possible. INFECTION CONTROL RISK ASSESSMENT. Follow all Infection Control Risk Assessment (ICRA) guidelines for dust control during all construction work as outlined in VHA Directive 7715. A construction dust Risk Assessment will be conducted by the Medical Center s Infection Control Personnel. Temporary dust barriers will be installed based on this assessment. Contractors shall provide negative air pressure controlled with digital manometer and dust partitions in all areas of work to prevent dust from getting into patient and employee occupied areas. Digital Manometer - Omniguard 6 Differential Pressure Monitor Particulate Monitor - Waporich T7-TC-8200 Particle Counter All ventilation ducts shall be capped, and any used ducts shall be approved by FMS HVAC Shop to ensure proper duct work is utilized correctly. INVOICING. Contractor shall submit a consolidated invoice monthly in arrears of the month for which services are being billed. One all-inclusive monthly invoice shall be provided, which shall contain an invoice number, contract number, obligations order number, and an itemized list of services provided. An acceptable master (all-inclusive) itemized list of services shall be agreed to between the Contractor and the COR prior to submission of the first invoice. All invoices from the contractor shall be submitted electronically in accordance with VAAR Clause 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests. VA s Electronic Invoice Presentment and Payment System (IPPS) The VA Financial Services Center (FSC) uses a third-party contractor, Tungsten, to transition vendors from paper to electronic invoice submission. Please go to this website to begin submitting electronic invoices, free of charge: http://www.tungsten-network.com/US/en/veterans-affairs/. More information on the VA FSC is available at: http://www.fsc.va.gov/einvoice.asp. Vendor e-Invoice Set-Up Information: To begin submitting your electronic invoices to the VA FSC for payment processing, free of charge, please contact Tungsten at the phone number below or email address: Tungsten e-Invoice Setup Information: 1-877-489-6135 Tungsten e-Invoice Email: VA.Registration@Tungsten-Network.com If you have a question about the e-invoicing program or Tungsten, please contact the FSC at the below phone number email address. FSC e-Invoice Contact Information: 1-877-353-9791 FSC e-Invoice Email: vafsccshd@va.gov CONTRACT TYPE. Firm-Fixed Priced Contract Evaluation Factors. Required features IAW SOW. OEM Authorization/distributor letter from the manufacturer is required for all quotes, if no OEM letter is supplied the vendor will be considered non-responsive and the vendor will be dis-qualified at the time RFI will close. Offeror will submit three (3) Past Performance. Delivery Lead Times. Completed Buy American Certificate. The Government will evaluate offers in IAW with the policies & procedures of part 25 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). Price. LINE - ITEM DESCRIPTION BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO IAW SOW NURSE CALL SYSTEM REPLACEMENT B.1 PRICE/COST SCHEDULE ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

1.00 UN __________________ __________________ Nurse Call System for Washington DC 3DE, IAW to SOW BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO IAW SOW CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 334290 - Other Communications Equipment Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6350 - Miscellaneous Alarm, Signal, and Security Detection Systems MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): N/A LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: N/A GRAND TOTAL __________________

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mohsin Abbas
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Mohsin.Abbas2@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: DETAILS: NURSE CALL SYSTEM REPLACEMENT FOR WASHINGTON DC VAMC BRAND NAME OR EQUAL TO IAW SOW SEE DETAILS IN THE SOW. * OEM DISTRIBUTOR/AUTHORIZATION LETTER FROM THE MANUFACTURER IS REQUIRED FOR ALL RESPONSES, IF NO OEM LETTER IS SUPPLIED THE VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE & THE VENDOR WILL BE DIS-QUALIFIED AT THE TIME RFI WILL CLOSE *. * MUST COMPLETE THE BUY AMERICAN CERTIFICATE - FAR 52.225-2 *. * IF THE VENDOR DON T PROVIDE THE ANSWERS FOR ALL THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS (1-14). ** THE VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE & VENDOR WILL BE DISQUALIFIED AT THE TIME RFI WILL CLOSE *. This is a requirement for: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs VA Medical Center (VAMC). DESCRIPTION: The Washington DC VAMC requires the contractor to deliver within 90 days from contract award to the VA medical facility warehouse below during normal business hours from 8:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. (EST), Monday through Friday: Delivery to: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Washington DC VA Medical Center WAREHOUSE/ATTN: 50 Irving Street Washington, DC 20422. DISCLAIMER: This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. Note: The contractor shall deliver the required commodities (Please see attachments) no later than 90 days or less from the date of the award, otherwise directed by the Contracting Officer (CO). Commodities shall not be delivered to the Government site on Federal holidays or weekends unless directed by the CO. Delivery shall be made between the hours of 8:00 am and 3:30 pm at the delivery location, during normal workday business hours. The U.S. Government is Performing Market Research to identify responsible sources who have the skills, experience, and knowledge required to successfully meet the requirements. Information received from Market Research will determine the best acquisition strategy and if responsible sources exist for competition, and/or a total Small Business Set-Aside. This is only for Market Research but may result in an invitation to an open discussion with the U.S. Government. This notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the U.S. Government. All information is to be submitted at no cost or obligation to the U.S. Government. Any information submitted by respondents to this notice is strictly voluntary. Propriety information or trade secrets should be clearly marked. The information received will not be returned. The U.S. Government reserves the right to reject, in whole or in part, any private sector input as a result of this Sources Sought notice/market survey. The U.S. Government is not obligated to notify respondents of the results of this notice. All responses to this Sources Sought must be submitted to the point of contact listed herein. This does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise, that procurement will be accomplished and is not a request for proposal or invitation for bid. Responding to this notice in no manner guarantees a contract will be awarded. ** MUST ANSWER ALL THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS (FROM 1 TO 14) TO QUALIFY FOR THIS SOLICITATION ** **Respondents to this source sought announcement capable of manufacturing these items should at a minimum provide the following information for U.S. Government review** Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? Are you the manufacturer or distributor of the items being referenced above? Must provide the Manufacture Name (OEM) & Manufacturer Part (MPN). Must complete the Buy American Certificate. FAR 52.225-2. If you are not a manufacturer. The company shall provide an OEM authorized distributor or reseller letter from original equipment manufacturers (OEM) to qualify for this requirement. If no OEM letter will be provided. The vendor will be considered nonresponsive, and the vendor will be disqualified at the time source sought notice (RFI) will close. Does all the items are on FSS/GSA. If the answer is yes. Please provide the FSS/GSA Contract Number and special item number (SIN) & OEM Letter from the Manufacturer that you are authorized to sell this product. Does all the items are on NAC/SAC or SEWP V. Please provide the contract number. Please provide general pricing for your products/solutions for market research purposes. Legal Business/Company Name (as it is indicated in https://sam.gov ). Unique Entity ID UEI (SAM). Warranty Information (Can be a separate attachment). Point of Contact Name, Telephone number and email address. Must provide the estimated delivery time frame after award. For example: Within 60 days ARO, Within 90 days ARO. The Government intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) contract for this purchase. To be considered for award, prospective quoters must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) website and complete representations and certifications at https://www.sam.gov . Prospective awardees MUST be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) at http://www.sam.gov. PRIOR TO AWARD and through final payment and must complete the Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) at http://www.sam.gov prior to award and through final payment. CONTRACT WILL NOT BE AWARDED UNTIL SAM REGISTRATION HAS BEEN COMPLETED. SDVOSB and VOSB socio-economic categories MUST be verified in the SBA Website, U.S. Small Business Administration: https://veterans.certify.sba.gov, at the time of receipt of quotes and at the time of award. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email: Mohsin.Abbas2@va.gov. No Telephone responses shall not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Thursday, April 16, 2026, by 3:00 PM (EST). Responses to this Sources Sought notice will be utilized by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After reviewing the responses to this Sources Sought notice, a solicitation announcement may or may not be published in SAM.GOV/Open Market or GSA eBuy. STATEMENT OF WORK CONTRACT TITLE. Mental Health Unit Nurse Call Replacement. BACKGROUND. The DC VA Medical Center has a requirement to replace and expand the Nurse Call System in the 3DE wing of the facility. The current system is partially functional as the call buttons have experienced water damage. This is a patient safety issue as patients cannot alert staff if they have fallen into the bathrooms. SCOPE OF WORK. The purpose of this project is to replace and expand the existing system that is partially non-functional Nurse Call System in the active Mental Health Ward at the Veteran s Affairs Medical Center in Washington DC (VAMCDC) located at 50 Irving Street, N.W. Washington D.C. 20422. The 3DE nurse call system will not be integrated with the facility s existing nurse call system. The existing system consists of 14 call buttons in 3 bathrooms. The expansion will include a 4th bathroom along with six additional calls buttons that will require rough-ins and cable runs to the panel. LOCATIONS AS SHOWN: 3D-112 (Unisex) Replace: 3 call buttons, dome light Add: 1 call button 3D-114 (Male) Replace: 6 call buttons, dome light Add: 3 call buttons 3D-133 (Staff) Add: 1 call button, dome light 3D-134 (Ladies) Replace: 4 call buttons, dome light Add: 1 call button Nurse Station (3D-121A) Add: Alarm panel Nurse Lounge (3D-119) Add: Alarm Panel Head Nurse Office Add: Alarm Panel Contractor provides a proposal to include all the necessary materials, labor, and equipment to complete all required work within all documented areas. Contractor to reuse existing conduit/penetrations when able and when suitable for the functionality required by the Government. All existing nurses call cables and equipment to be removed by Contractor. This work includes but is not limited to installation of rough ins in tiled bathrooms, patching walls and ceilings, pulling cables and sealing of hardware necessary to complete the nurse call system. The contractor shall provide and install all parts, materials, labor, resources, and training required to implement and utilize the equipment/system to their fullest capacity. All items must be covered by manufacturer s warranty and procured through a manufacturer-approved distribution channel. A workmanship warranty for a minimum of 3 years shall be included. A manufacturer parts warranty for a minimum of 1 year shall be included. Distributers and resellers must be able to document ability to provide items through manufacturer-approved distribution channels upon request. SPECIFICATIONS

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/180be7ef585d4126afa85a0f4188187e/view)