---
layout: default
title: Q301-- CX Bladder Testing
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: bc30a12065f849deb3f9c355c8267f47
---

# Q301-- CX Bladder Testing

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 15:48:52.519-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0278
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This Sources Sought Notice is for planning purposes only and shall not be considered as an invitation for bid, request for quotation, request for proposal, or as an obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any products or services. Your response to this Sources Sought Notice will be treated as information only. No entitlement to payment of direct or indirect costs or charges by the Government will arise because of contractor submission of responses to this announcement or the Government use of such information. This request does not constitute a solicitation for proposals or the authority to enter negotiations to award a contract. No funds have been authorized, appropriated, or received for this effort. The information provided may be used by the Department of Veterans Affairs in developing its acquisition approach, statement of work/statement of objectives and performance specifications. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary or competition sensitive information contained in their response. The Government does not intend to award a contract based on this Sources Sought Notice or to otherwise pay for the information submitted in response to this Sources Sought Notice. The purpose of this sources sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses, Veteran Owned Small Businesses, 8(a), HubZone and other Small Businesses interested and capable of providing the services described below. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) Company Name (b) Address (c) Point of Contact (d) Phone, Fax, and Email (e) UEI number (f) Cage Code (g) Tax ID Number (h) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? (i) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this SSN/RFI? (j) Are you the manufacturer, distributor, or an equivalent solution to the items being referenced above? (k) If you are a large business, do you have any designated distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of Contact and size status (if available). (l) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above or an equivalent solution, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified? (m) If you intend to subcontract any work on this contract, what portion of the total cost will be self-performed/will be performed by your organization? Please provide estimated detailed percentage breakdowns related to subcontracted work. (n) Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA or the NAC or are you a contract holder with NASA SEWP or any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. (o) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC or NASA SEWP contract holder or other federal contract holder, are the items/solution you are providing information for available on your schedule/contract? (p) Please provide general pricing of your products/solution for market research purposes (q) Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA or the NAC or are you a contract holder with NASA SEWP or any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. (r) Please provide general pricing of your products/solution for market research purposes (s) Must provide a capability statement that clearly addresses the organization s qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the work described below. Requirement: The VA Heartland Network 15 Contracting Office located at 3450 South 4th Street, Leavenworth, KS, 66048-5055 is seeking a potential qualified contractor to provide BRAND NAME CS Bladder Testing for the Marion VA Medical Center, 2401 West Main St, Marion, IL 62959. This is a brand name procurement. Please see the Performance Work Statement for more specific details. The North American Industry Classification System Code (NAICS Code) is 621511(Medical Laboratories), size standard $41.5. Based on this information, please indicate whether your company would be a Large or Small Business and have a socio-economic designation as a Small Business, VOSB or SDVOSB. Important Information: The Government is not obligated to, nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this source sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to an acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. Currently a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms is anticipated based on the Veterans Administration requirement with Public Law 109-461, Section 8127 Veterans Benefit Act. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open may be used. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Lisa A Buchanan at lisa.buchanan1@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Friday, March 27, 2026, at 10:00AM CST. If a solicitation is issued it shall be announced at a later date, and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from the responses to this sources sought. Responses to these sources sought notice are not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. CX Bladder Testing Performance Work Statement

1.0 GENERAL It is the intent of the Department of Veterans Affairs, VA Heartland Network (VISN 15) to establish a single-award five year, Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) against the Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) for the Department of Veterans Affairs, Marion VA Medical Center and Evansville Health Care Center, for CxBladder Testing Services. The Contractor shall provide all labor, supplies, equipment, maintenance, information technology, consultative services and supervision necessary to provide multi-analyte genomic testing for the detection of bladder cancer markers. As requirements change, facilities within VISN 15 may be added by supplemental agreement of the Government and Contractor. CxBladder testing services include but are not limited to: specimen storage; transportation of clinical laboratory specimens; performance of analytical testing (CxBladder Monitor, CxBladder Triage Plus); reporting of analytical test results; and consultative services. Services to be furnished under this Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) shall be initiated when ordered by a physician. Each test will be patient specific and task orders will be issued on an annual basis supported by a funded 2237. The Contractor shall provide electronic access to data elements necessary to populate the data tables associated with result reporting within the Veterans Affairs Hospital Information System (HIS) or current Government Laboratory Information System (LIS). This information, at a minimum, shall include the following data elements: Ordering Code (Contractor s Identification Code) LOINC Logical Observation Identifier Names and Codes Test methodology Test Description, including reference ranges (when appropriate, age and sex adjusted) and units of measurement Specimen collection and handling requirements Test result interpretation or interpretive remarks, if appropriate All testing shall be performed on the Contractor s premises, or within the Contractor's network of laboratories. Under no circumstances shall the Contractor allow any patient information or lab testing samples to be sent outside the confines of the internationally recognized borders of the United States of America. Citizenship related Requirements: While performing services for the VA, the Contractor shall not knowingly employ, contract or subcontract with an illegal alien; foreign national non-immigrant who is in violation their status, as a result of their failure to maintain or comply with the terms and conditions of their admission into the United States. The Contractor must return a signed certification at the time of proposal that the Contractor shall comply with any and all legal provisions contained in the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952, As Amended; its related laws and regulations that are enforced by Homeland Security, Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the U.S Department of Labor as these may relate to non-immigrant foreign nationals working under contract or subcontract for the Contractor while providing services to the VA. This certification concerns a matter within the jurisdiction of an agency of the United States and the making of a false, fictitious, or fraudulent certification may render the maker subject to prosecution under 18 U.S.C. 1001 (http://uscode.house.gov/) and is applicable to the entire Period of Performance (POP).

2.0 GENERAL QUALIFICATIONS

2.1 Licensing and Accreditation 2.1.1 The Contractor shall have all licenses, permits, accreditation and certificates required by law. The reference laboratory shall be licensed/accredited by the College of American Pathologists (CAP) and/or The Joint Commission (TJC). In addition, the laboratory must be certified as meeting the requirements of the Department of Health and Human Services Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act of 1988. 2.1.2 The Contractor shall provide a copy of all relevant permits/licenses and certifications inclusive of all sanctions current or pending throughout the United States of America prior to BPA award. Changes to the requirements shall be addressed by bilateral modification. 2.1.3 Contractor Personnel assigned by the Contractor to perform the services covered by this BPA shall be eligible to provide the services of this BPA and licensed in a State, Territory, or Commonwealth of the United States or the District of Columbia. All licenses held by Contractor personnel working on this BPA shall be full and unrestricted licenses. Contractor Personnel assigned by the Contractor to work under this BPA shall be licensed by the governing or cognizant licensing board.

2.2 Contractor policies and procedures shall comply with Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).

2.3 The Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer in writing of all malpractice investigation or licensure or certification suspension that concerns the Contractor or Contractor personnel, or any discovery of any disciplinary action taken against laboratory(ies) performing under the BPA within 24 hours of notification of an investigation or suspension.

2.4 Contractor Personnel: The Contractor shall maintain current accreditation and notify the Contracting Officer of all lapses in state license, Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) certification, or clinical pathology certification. The Contractor shall provide a copy of the renewed licenses/certificates to the Contracting Officer before expiration.

2.5 Laboratory Director shall be a licensed American Board of Pathology certified pathologist or appropriately certified bio-analyst.

3.0 CONTRACTOR S RESPONSIBILITIES

3.1 Specimen Preparation and Storage for CxBladder Specimens: Contractor shall supply each Government facility with its commercial laboratory reference test manual testing to ensure that the collection and storage of specimens are in accordance with Contractor s requirements. The testing methodology and reference ranges for a test must be defined in the Contractor s laboratory reference test manual. The Contractor shall ensure that all tests performed meet the currently acceptable standard deviation and that have daily controls conducted to determine testing accuracy. Upon request by the Contracting Officer (CO) or assigned Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) for the applicable facility and the Contractor shall make available quality assurance information on specific testing procedures for review. Supplies: 3.1.3.1 The Contractor shall provide all materials and necessary supplies to collect and preserve specimens that are destined to the commercial reference laboratory for testing. These materials and supplies include those items that are dictated by and in compliance with the collection requirements of the commercial reference laboratory. Testing materials and supplies include: 3.1.3.1.1 Requisition forms 3.1.3.1.2 Special instructions 3.1.3.1.3 Specimen transport containers and shipping forms, to include refrigerated packaging (if applicable). 3.1.3.1.4 Special media or tubes for samples 3.1.4 Contractor shall be responsible for storing specimens in such a manner to ensure the integrity of the specimen. 3.1.5 The Contractor shall contact the assigned COR for the applicable facility within a minimum of five (5) calendar days after award to coordinate the furnishing and delivery of specimen collection and transportation supplies. The Contractor shall provide a mechanism for specimen pickup. The Contractor shall provide to the ordering facility the supplies and equipment within five (5) workdays after receipt of order. The assigned COR or assigned representative for each facility will request replenishment of supplies from the Contractor on an as needed basis.

3.2 Transportation Services for CxBladder testing: 3.2.1 Contractor shall provide transportation of primarily biomedical materials that include patient specimens originating from Government facilities and destined to the contracted commercial reference laboratory. These items are classified as Hazard Materials Class 6, Division 6.2 and are defined in 49 CFR Part 173.134 as those materials that contain or could contain etiologic agents. Transportation shall be done in such a manner that the safety and integrity of the biomedical material is maintained. 3.2.2 Contractor shall provide all necessary supplies for biomedical materials to be transported from the originating facility to the Contractor s laboratory. These supplies shall include, but may not be limited to: 3.2.2.1 Shipping and packaging containers. Packing material must be capable of maintaining temperature requirements for specimens until they reach the Contractor s laboratory. 3.2.2.2 Required labels and packaging materials for shipping specimens via courier that are infectious, or etiologic agents, in accordance with appropriate requirements of 42 CFR Part 72, 49 CFR Parts 171 and 173, and the Dangerous Goods Regulations of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) consistent with current regulatory updates. 3.2.2.3 Test request forms preprinted with the appropriate Shipping Section details and account information. 3.2.2.4 Test request forms for specialized testing if applicable.

3.3 Specimen Testing: The Contractor shall provide the full range of diagnostic testing capabilities to execute all required multi-analyte genomic testing for the detection of bladder cancer markers as annotated in Section B2, Schedule of Services and Price. Contractor shall make available the following test information: 3.3.3.1 Requisition form requirements 3.3.3.2 Test order code 3.3.3.3 Specimen collection and preservation requirements 3.3.3.4 Test method employed (indicate if testing performed in duplicate) and interpretations 3.3.3.5 Test reference intervals adjusted for age, sex or race, when required 3.3.3.6 Test specific sensitivity, specificity and interferences, when required 3.3.3.7 Test turnaround times (minimum and maximum times indicated); where the turnaround time is defined as the time between pick-up of specimen by the Contractor and receipt of results by a Government facility. 3.3.3.8 Schedule of test performance (specific days of week indicated) 3.3.3.9 Location of test performance by test name (i.e., name of primary laboratory, name of separate branch/division of primary lab). Contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer and each Government facility of any test information modifications no later than two weeks prior to the implementation date of the test change. All reference laboratory testing shall be executed in accordance with standard industry practices. It is preferred that test methods are FDA approved. Any non-FDA approved method being performed shall have a disclaimer and documented validation plan. Upon request, the validation plan and validation results shall be made available to the COR or designee. The Contractor shall ensure the accurate and timely performance of laboratory testing services on the biomedical materials.

3.4 Reporting of Results 3.4.1 A report of laboratory testing results must be issued either as a printed final copy or through the host-to-host electronic transmission of the test results. The Contractor shall deliver the reports without an additional charge through a client accessible portal, by expedited overnight courier shipping, mailing within 24 hours, or by telephone facsimile to a protected machine identified to the Contractor by the VA. Delivery by electronic mail i.e., MS Outlook, etc. is prohibited. 3.4.2 Each test report shall, at minimum, include the following information: 3.5.2.1.1 Patient's full name 3.4.2.1.2 Patient s identification number, e.g., social security number (SSN) 3.4.2.1.3 Physician s name (if supplied) 3.4.2.1.4 Government laboratory accession number (if supplied) 3.4.2.1.5 Submitting facility name 3.4.2.1.6 Submitting facility account number 3.4.2.1.7 Patient's location (clinic/ward) (if supplied) 3.4.2.1.8 Test(s) ordered 3.4.2.1.9 Date/time of specimen collection (when available) 3.4.2.1.10 Date/time test completed 3.4.2.1.11 Test result 3.4.2.1.12 Reference laboratory accession number 3.4.2.1.13 Name and address of testing laboratory 3.4.2.1.14 Any other information the laboratory has that may indicate a questionable validity of test results. 3.4.2.1.15 Specimen inadequacy shall be reported with documentation supporting its unsuitability for testing. 3.4.3 Test results determined by the contractor to be critical, shall be communicated by telephone to a designated Government contact person(s) at the originating Government laboratory facility upon verification of the critical test result. The telephonic report shall be followed by an electronic transmission.

3.5 Customer Service 3.5.1 Contractor shall provide customer service that is accessible by toll-free telephone service during business hours to assist Government staff for tracking and resolving related issues/problems that may arise in the performance under this BPA. 3.5.2 Upon award, the Contractor shall provide the name(s) and telephone number(s) of contractor employees who will address the following customer services throughout the BPA performance period: 3.5.2.1 Telephone Inquiries Telephone inquiries are divided into four major categories with additional subcategories defining the type of inquiry and the Government s minimum time expectation for meeting this service. 3.5.2.1.1 Specimen Collection 3.5.2.1.1.1 Routine inquiries, questions and clarifications regarding collection requirements shall be addressed at the time of the initial call. 3.5.2.1.1.2 Esoteric inquiries, questions and clarifications regarding collection requirements that require further research shall be addressed within ½ hour of the initial call. 3.5.2.1.2 Testing 3.5.2.1.2.1 Inquiries regarding the status of pending orders shall be addressed at the time of the initial call. 3.5.2.1.2.2 Esoteric inquiries when information is requested regarding methodology, correlation, interferences, reflex tests, etc. shall be addressed within two hours of the initial call. 3.5.2.1.3 Technical Expertise 3.5.2.1.3.1 Test utilization inquiries where information is required as to the most appropriate test to be ordered shall be addressed within two business hours of initial call. 3.5.2.1.3.2 Result interpretation inquiries shall be addressed within four business hours of initial call. 3.5.2.1.3.3 Consultative services where information is required regarding the clinical significance of tests shall be addressed within twenty-four business hours of the initial call. 3.5.2.1.4 Account follow-up 3.5.2.1.4.1 Information general in nature yet specific to the account, e.g., test pricing, equipment repair, supply ordering, etc. shall be addressed within four hours of the initial call. 3.5.3 The Contractor shall notify the originating laboratory by telephone of specimens cancelled due to unacceptability for reasons relating to volume, specimen container, identification, loss of specimen, etc. 3.5.4 The Government will place orders for specimen collection and transportation supplies and materials by telephone or through written or electronic methods.

3.6 Consultative Services 3.6.1 Contractor shall prove consultative services that are consistent with the services offered to other contracted customers without compensation. These services may include consultations by laboratory professionals or experienced physicians on test or methodology selection or test result interpretation. 3.6.2 Contractor shall provide a year report of test volumes to the Contracting Officer and Lead COR by the 10th of the month following the close of the reporting period.

4.0 Services 4.1.1 The services specified herein may be changed by written modification to this BPA. The VA Contracting Officer will prepare the modification (reference FAR clause 52.212-4(c), Changes) and, prior to becoming effective, shall be signed by both parties. Only the Contracting Officer is authorized to make commitments or issue changes that affect price, quantity, or quality of performance of this contract. In the event the Contractor effects any such change at the direction of any person other than the Contracting Officer, the change shall be considered unauthorized, and no adjustment will be made in the BPA price to cover any increase in costs incurred as a result thereof. 4.1.2 This is a non-personal services contract as defined in FAR 37.101. There is no employer-employee relationship between the Government and the contractor or the contractor s employee(s). Contractor personnel are not subject to the supervision and control of a Government officer or employee. Rather, contractor personnel perform their duties in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW). Supervisory functions such as hiring, firing, directing, and counseling of contractor personnel are not performed by the Government. The healthcare provider who furnishes services under this BPA is subject to Government technical oversight of the services. The Government retains the right to reject services for contractual non-performance. 4.1.3 The Government may evaluate the quality of professional and administrative services provided, but retains no control over the medical, professional aspects of services rendered. 4.1.4 Contractor is required to maintain medical liability insurance for the duration of this BPA. Medical Liability insurance must cover the provider(s) for services in all states where services are rendered by the provider. Contractor must indemnify the Government for any liability producing act or omission by the contractor, its employees and agents occurring during BPA performance. 4.1.5 Contractor shall, in writing, keep the Contracting Officer informed of any unusual circumstances in conjunction with the BPA. 4.1.6 Contractor shall not, under any circumstances, furnish reports directly to patients.

4.2 Term of Contract 4.2.1 This BPA is effective for an estimated period of performance identified as a 12-month base period and four (4) 12-month option periods, if exercised. 4.2.2 Availability of Funds during a Continuing Resolution: At the beginning of each new fiscal year (October 1st) the federal government or parts thereof may be operating under a Continuing Resolution and only be funded for a limited period of time rather than for the entire fiscal year. If, at any time, funds for this BPA are provided under a Continuing Resolution (CR), funds will only be available for performance under this BPA up to and including the expiration date of the CR, and any extension thereof. The Government's obligation for performance of this BPA beyond that date is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for BPA purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise for performance under this BPA beyond the expiration date of the CR, and any extension thereof, until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for performance and until the Contractor receives notice of availability.

4.3 Federal Holidays 4.3.1 Contractor is not required to provide transportation of specimens on federal holidays. 4.3.2 The 11 holidays observed by the Federal Government are: 4.3.2.1 New Year s Day (January 1st); 4.3.2.2 Martin Luther King s Birthday (3rd Monday in January); 4.3.2.3 Presidents Day (3rd Monday in February); 4.3.2.4 Memorial Day (last Monday in May); 4.3.2.5 Juneteenth (19 June); 4.3.2.6 Independence Day (July 4th); 4.3.2.7 Labor Day (1st Monday in September); 4.3.2.8 Columbus Day (2nd Monday in October); 4.3.2.9 Veterans Day (November 11); 4.3.2.10 Thanksgiving Day (4th Thursday in November); 4.3.2.11 Christmas Day (December 25th); and 4.3.2.12 Any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States to be a national holiday. 4.3.3 When one of the above designated legal holidays falls on a Sunday, the following Monday will be observed as a legal holiday. 4.3.4 When a legal holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday is observed as a holiday by U.S. Government agencies.

4.4 Qualifications/Requirements of Laboratory & Contractor Personnel 4.4.1 Laboratory 4.4.1.1 Offeror must have at least three years of experience in providing laboratory testing services and must have at least one-year experience in transporting biomedical materials. 4.4.1.2 Offerors, including subcontractor(s), must continuously hold a Certificate of Compliance or Certificate of Accreditation from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services as meeting the requirements of the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 or must demonstrate accreditation by a regulatory agency(s) with deemed status from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, e.g. The College of American Pathologists, and/or other state regulatory agencies, as appropriate, and as mandated by federal and state statutes. The reference laboratory (ies) must maintain valid certifications during the entire performance period of this contract. 4.4.1.3 Copies of all relevant permits/licenses and certifications inclusive of any sanctions current or pending throughout the United States of America must be supplied in response to this solicitation. In addition, as these documents are reissued or re-awarded, the awarded Contractor must supply a copy to the Contracting Officer s Representative assigned to each Government facility. The above documents must also be supplied for each reference laboratory that is a subcontractor of the primary Contractor. 4.4.1.4 Contractor must notify immediately the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) at each of the Government facilities in writing, upon its loss of any required certification, accreditation or licensure. 4.4.1.5 Contractor shall maintain safety and health standards consistent with the requirements set forth by the Occupational, Health, and Safety Administration (OSHA), and the Center for Disease Control (CDC) and Prevention. 4.4.2 Personnel 4.4.2.1 Contractor shall ensure all testing and supervisory personnel at all contractor-owned, affiliate, or subcontracted laboratories assigned to work under this contract meet and maintain the applicable personnel qualifications set forth under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) of 1988 regulations, the College of American Pathology (CAP) accreditation standards, or other accrediting organizations and State standards. 4.4.2.2 Contractor shall ensure its employees have the ability to perform the applicable duties consistent with their license and certification. 4.4.2.3 Personnel assigned by the contractor to perform the services covered by this contract shall be proficient in written and spoken English (38 USC 7402). 4.4.2.4 Any new requirements for mandatory education and/or competency reassessment, which occur during the contract period, must be completed by the individual contractor employee(s) within VA established timeframes. 4.4.2.5 Contractor couriers entering any Government facility must be attired in a contractor-issued uniform that bears the name of the Contractor s company. In addition, the Contractor representative shall prominently display a contractor-issued identification badge. 4.4.3 HHS/OIG 4.4.3.1 To ensure that the individuals providing services under the contract have not engaged in fraud or abuse regarding Sections 1128 and 1128A of the Social Security Act regarding federal health care programs, the contractor is required to check the Health and Human Services - Office of Inspector General (HHS/OIG), List of Excluded Individuals/Entities on the OIG Website (www.hhs.gov/oig) for each person providing services under this contract. The listed parties and entities may not receive Federal Health Care program payments due to fraud and/or abuse of the Medicare and Medicaid programs. During the performance of this contract the contractor is prohibited from using any individual or business listed on the List of Excluded Individuals/Entities. Any healthcare provider or entity that employ or enter into contracts with excluded individuals or entities may have a Civil Monetary Penalty (CMP) imposed against them. By signing this offer, the Contractor certifies that all persons or entities listed in the contractor s proposal have been compared against the OIG list and are NOT listed as of the date the offer was signed. 4.4.4 Record Keeping Contractor 4.4.4.1 Contractor must establish a record keeping system of all tests performed. 4.4.5 Medical Records 4.4.5.1 Clinical or other medical records (i.e., test results) of VA veteran patients treated by the contractor under this contract are owned by the VA. If requested, test results will be mailed to the VA at no additional cost. Mail shall be sent in accordance with VA Directive 6609, Mailing of Sensitive Personal Information. Contractor may obtain a copy of VA Directive 6609 at the following website: http://www1.va.gov/vhapublications/index.cfm. If a subpoena or court order is received for the production of a medical record/test result, the contractor shall notify the Contracting Officer that a subpoena or court order was received. 4.4.6 Confidentiality of Patient Records 4.4.6.1 The Contractor is a VA contractor and will assist in the provision of health care to patients seeking such care from or through VA. As such, the Contractor is considered as being part of the Department health care activity. Contractor is considered to be a VA contractor for purposes of the Privacy Act, Title 5 U.S.C. 552a. Further, for the purpose of VA records access and patient confidentiality, Contractor is considered to be a VA contractor for the following provisions: Title 38 U.S.C. 5701, 5705, and 7332. Therefore, Contractor may have access, as would other appropriate components of VA, to patient medical records including patient treatment records pertaining to drug and alcohol abuse, HIV, and sickle cell anemia, to the extent nece...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Buchanan, Lisa A
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: lisa.buchanan1@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-946-1971

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bc30a12065f849deb3f9c355c8267f47/view)