---
layout: default
title: Vent Silencer
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 12ecc66a1fab4f42ba1493a65fc7f6c3
---

# Vent Silencer

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 15:04:13.788-04
- Solicitation Number: SPMYM326Q3113

## Summary

This is a COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION for commercial items prepared in accordance with the information in FAR part 12, as supplemented with the additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; a written solicitation will not be issued. Paper copies of this solicitation will not be available. This combined synopsis/solicitation SHALL be posted to SAM.gov. The Request for Quotation (RFQ) number is SPMYM326Q3113. This solicitation documents and incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through FAC 2025-06 and DFARS Change Notice 2025-1110. It is the responsibility of the contractor to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. The clauses may be accessed in full text at these addresses: https://www.ecfr.gov and https://www.acquisition.gov/content/list-sections-affected and http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/change_notices.html, as well as https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul, https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/class_deviations.html and https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfars_far_overhaul_class_deviations.html. The FSC Code is 8120 and the NAICS code is 332420. The Small Business Standard is 750. This is a 100% Small Business Set Aside solicitation. Evaluation criteria is Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA). SPRS will be used to determine vendor responsibility. Potential contractors will be screened for responsibility in accordance with FAR 9.104. Offerors are required to submit technical data and descriptive literature with quotation, to show how their quotation meets the required specifications, for verification of specification compliance. This may include, but is not limited to: traceability documentation from the manufacturer confirming part numbers, detailed specification sheets and images of the component parts, drawings and manufacturing plans, and any applicable certifications. **Failure to provide this information may result in your quotation being determined Technically Unacceptable.** The Portsmouth Naval Shipyard requests responses from qualified sources capable of providing: CLIN 0001: Vent Silencer, in accordance with attached RFQ. NOTE: OFFERORS MUST COMPLETE THE ATTACHED PROVISIONS 252.204-7016, AND 252.204-7019 AND INCLUDE THE COMPLETED PROVISIONS WITH THEIR OFFER. FAR CLAUSES AND PROVISIONS: Responsibility and Inspection: unless otherwise specified in the order, the supplier is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements and quality control. The following FAR provisions (P) and clauses are applicable to this procurement: With the implementation for the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) 2/1/26, many Part 4 (52.204) clauses have been deleted and moved to Part 40 (52.240); additionally, clause 52.212-5 has been deleted. 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation. 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements 52.204-7 (P), System for Award Maintenance 52.204-13, SAM Maintenance 52.204-19, Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications 52.209-2 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations-Representation. 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law 52.211-14 (P), Notice of Priority Rating. Rated DO. 52.211-15, Defense Priority And Allocation Requirements 52.212-1 (P), Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Items; 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Items 52.219-1 (P), Small Business Program Representations 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside 52.219-28 Post-Award Small Business Program Representation 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.222-19 Child Labor 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons 52.223-11 Ozone Depleting Substances 52.223-23 DEV Sustainable Products and Services 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractors to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.232-33 Payment by EFT-SAM 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party 52.232-39, Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors 52.233-3, Protest After Award 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim 52.240-90 (P) Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications. (See Attachment) 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions. (See Attachment) 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems. (See Attachment) 52.242-15, Stop Work Order 52.242-17 Government Delay of Work 52.243-1, Changes Fixed Price 52.246-1, Contractor Inspection Requirements 52.247-34, F.O.B-Destination 52.252-1 (P), Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference DFARS CLAUSES AND PROVISIONS 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials, 252.203-7005 (P), Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials 252.204-7003. Control of Government Personnel Work Product 252.204-7008 Compliance With Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls 252.204-7009 Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third- Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information 252.204-7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting 252.204-7015, Disclosure of Information to Litigation Support Contractors 252.204-7016 (P), * See Attachment for this provision. 252-204-7017 (P), Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation 252.204-7018, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services. 252.204-7019 (P), *See Attachment for this provision. ) 252.204-7020, NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements 252.204-7024 (P), Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System 252.211-7003, Item Unique Identification and Valuation Para (c)(i): Exempted from IUID by Military Service Customer. Supplier should check IUID exemption box in WAWF. 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program 252.225-7002 Qualifying Country Sources as Subcontractors 252.225-7048, Export Controlled Items 252.225-7055 (P) Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime. 252.225-7059 (P), Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region - Representation 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 252.231-7000, Supplemental Cost Principles. 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests 252.232-7006, Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions 252.232-7010, Levies on Contract Payments 252.243-7001, Pricing of Contract Modifications 252.244-7000, Subcontracts for Commercial Items 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies By Sea Note: Vendor shall list the country of origin for each line item. DLAD CLAUSES AND PROVISIONS (See Attachment for Full Text) 5452.233-9001, Disputes: Agreement to Use Alternative Disputes Resolution DLA PROCUREMENT NOTES (See Attachment for Full Text) C02 Manufacturing Phase-Out or Discontinuation of Production, Diminishing Sources, and Obsolete Materials or Components (DEC 2016) C03 Contractor Retention of Supply Chain Traceability Documentation (MAR 2023) C04 Unused Former Government Surplus Property (SEP 2021) C14 Repackaging or Relabeling to Correct Deficiencies (MAY 2020) E05 Product Verification Testing (MAY 2020) H10 Exceptions to Requirement for All Sources of Supply to Have DLA Controlling Authority Approval to Access DLA Controlled Technical Data or Information for Contract Performance (MAY 2024). L06 Agency Protests (DEC 2016) L08 Use of Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) in Past Performance Evaluations (JUN 2020, MAR 2023) L31 Additive Manufacturing (JUN 2018) M05 Evaluation Factor for Unused Former Government Surplus Property (SEP 2016) LOCAL CLAUSES (See Attachment for Full Text): YM3 A1: Additional Information YM3 A3: Government Purchase Card Method of Payment Additional Info YM3 C500: Mercury Control (Supplies) YM3 C528: Specification Changes YM3 D2.2: Marking of Shipments YM3 D4: Preparation for Delivery (Commercially Packaged Items) YM3 D8: Prohibited Packing Materials YM3 E2: Inspection and Acceptance (Destination) YM3 F500: Consignment Instructions for Deliveries to the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard YM3 M8: Single Award for All Items Quoters are reminded to include a completed copy of 52.212-3 and it’s ALT I if not updated in SAM. This announcement will close at 03:00 PM EST local time on 17 March 2026. POC for this solicitation is Emily Kritzman who can be reached by email (below). METHOD OF SUBMISSION: Offers shall be emailed. Please submit quotations via email at Emily.Kritzman@dla.mil Quotes also to: DLA-KME-QUOTATIONS@DLA.MIL All responsible sources may submit a quote which shall be considered by the agency. System for Award Management (SAM). Quoters must be registered in the SAM database to be considered for award. Registration is free and can be completed online at http://www.sam.gov/. If not the actual manufacturer – Manufacturer’s Name, Location, and Business Size must be provided. All quotes shall include price(s), FOB point, Cage Code, a point of contact, name and phone number, GSA contract number if applicable, business size under the NAICS Code, whether or not your company prefers payment by Government Commercial Purchase Card (GCPC) or Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). Please note that the Government’s terms for payment for this requirement are Net 30 Days AFTER acceptance of material. Please note, if selecting GPC, the Government does NOT utilize third party payment entities (Zelle, Venmo, Paypal, etc.). Each response must clearly indicate the capability of the quoter to meet all specifications and requirements. *If selecting GCPC as the preferred method of payment, please be advised that per DFARS 232.7002, a receiving report MUST be entered into WAWF. ******* END OF COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION ******** SPMYM326Q3113 Amendment 01: Amendment 01 is issued for REV 1, to completely update the specifications to include additional system information. Closing date of the solicitation remains Tuesday 3/17/2026 at 3pm EST. ******* END OF REV1: AMENDMENT 01 ********

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Emily Kritzman
  - Email: emily.kritzman@dla.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: DLA-KME EMAIL BOX
  - Email: DLA-KME-QUOTATIONS@DLA.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this provision. 252-204-7017 (P), Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation 252.204-7018, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services. 252.204-7019 (P), *See Attachment for this provision. ) 252.204-7020, NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements 252.204-7024 (P), Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System 252.211-7003, Item Unique Identification and Valuation Para (c)(i): Exempted from IUID by Military Service Customer. Supplier should check IUID exemption box in WAWF. 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program 252.225-7002 Qualifying Country Sources as Subcontractors 252.225-7048, Export Controlled Items 252.225-7055 (P) Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime. 252.225-7059 (P), Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region - Representation 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 252.231-7000, Supplemental Cost Principles. 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests 252.232-7006, Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions 252.232-7010, Levies on Contract Payments 252.243-7001, Pricing of Contract Modifications 252.244-7000, Subcontracts for Commercial Items 252.247-7023, Transportation of Supplies By Sea Note: Vendor shall list the country of origin for each line item. DLAD CLAUSES AND PROVISIONS (See Attachment for Full Text) 5452.233-9001, Disputes: Agreement to Use Alternative Disputes Resolution DLA PROCUREMENT NOTES (See Attachment for Full Text) C02 Manufacturing Phase-Out or Discontinuation of Production, Diminishing Sources, and Obsolete Materials or Components (DEC 2016) C03 Contractor Retention of Supply Chain Traceability Documentation (MAR 2023) C04 Unused Former Government Surplus Property (SEP 2021) C14 Repackaging or Relabeling to Correct Deficiencies (MAY 2020) E05 Product Verification Testing (MAY 2020) H10 Exceptions to Requirement for All Sources of Supply to Have DLA Controlling Authority Approval to Access DLA Controlled Technical Data or Information for Contract Performance (MAY 2024). L06 Agency Protests (DEC 2016) L08 Use of Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) in Past Performance Evaluations (JUN 2020, MAR 2023) L31 Additive Manufacturing (JUN 2018) M05 Evaluation Factor for Unused Former Government Surplus Property (SEP 2016) LOCAL CLAUSES (See Attachment for Full Text): YM3 A1: Additional Information YM3 A3: Government Purchase Card Method of Payment Additional Info YM3 C500: Mercury Control (Supplies) YM3 C528: Specification Changes YM3 D2.2: Marking of Shipments YM3 D4: Preparation for Delivery (Commercially Packaged Items) YM3 D8: Prohibited Packing Materials YM3 E2: Inspection and Acceptance (Destination) YM3 F500: Consignment Instructions for Deliveries to the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard YM3 M8: Single Award for All Items Quoters are reminded to include a completed copy of 52.212-3 and it’s ALT I if not updated in SAM. This announcement will close at 03:00 PM EST local time on 17 March 2026. POC for this solicitation is Emily Kritzman who can be reached by email (below). METHOD OF SUBMISSION: Offers shall be emailed. Please submit quotations via email at Emily.Kritzman@dla.mil Quotes also to: DLA-KME-QUOTATIONS@DLA.MIL All responsible sources may submit a quote which shall be considered by the agency. System for Award Management (SAM). Quoters must be registered in the SAM database to be considered for award. Registration is free and can be completed online at http://www.sam.gov/. If not the actual manufacturer – Manufacturer’s Name, Location, and Business Size must be provided. All quotes shall include price(s), FOB point, Cage Code, a point of contact, name and phone number, GSA contract number if applicable, business size under the NAICS Code, whether or not your company prefers payment by Government Commercial Purchase Card (GCPC) or Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). Please note that the Government’s terms for payment for this requirement are Net 30 Days AFTER acceptance of material. Please note, if selecting GPC, the Government does NOT utilize third party payment entities (Zelle, Venmo, Paypal, etc.). Each response must clearly indicate the capability of the quoter to meet all specifications and requirements. *If selecting GCPC as the preferred method of payment, please be advised that per DFARS 232.7002, a receiving report MUST be entered into WAWF. ******* END OF COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION ******** SPMYM326Q3113 Amendment 01: Amendment 01 is issued for REV 1, to completely update the specifications to include additional system information. Closing date of the solicitation remains Tuesday 3/17/2026 at 3pm EST. ******* END OF REV1: AMENDMENT 01 ********

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/12ecc66a1fab4f42ba1493a65fc7f6c3/view)