---
layout: default
title: Z1FA--534-24-907 Preserve Charleston Fisher House (VA-26-00014169)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 8cde2f6979b348cd94c55aaa61e29b49
---

# Z1FA--534-24-907 Preserve Charleston Fisher House (VA-26-00014169)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 09:23:10.615-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24726Q0449
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 2 of 2 Preserve Charleston Fisher House Project # 534-24-907 Statement of Work Scope The contractor shall provide all supervision, labor, equipment, and materials needed to complete work for project 534-24-907, Preserve Charleston Fisher House located at 150 Wentworth Street, Charleston SC. Work will be accomplished per this Statement of Work and will encompass three parts: Install ADA Ramp Paint Interior Fisher House Paint Exterior Fisher House For part 1 Install ADA Ramp, work will be per the provided construction drawings and specifications of this statement of work. Work will consist of demolition of existing concrete steps and pouring new ADA ramp and steps per the approved Board of Architectural Review Thomas & Denzinger Architects Design and Specifications. For parts 2 and 3 Paint Interior and Exterior, work will require furniture to be moved and protected to access walls, cabinets and ceilings. Painting and caulking of 16 bedroom/bathrooms including crown molding on all 3 floors. Baseboards, window and door trim and at least seven ceilings are required to be painted. Kitchen cabinets are to be repainted, requiring removal of cabinet doors, prepping of surfaces and spray painting. Paint all exterior trim, fascia, soffits, decorative wood columns, porch ceilings, doors, Pergola, and outdoor Pavilion (exterior and interior) and all paintable surfaces of the exterior Fisher House. The following areas are to be scraped, pressure-washed, repaired or replaced, primed, and painted: Doors - Soffit - Fascia - Columns - Pergola Work will need to be done on weekdays between 8:00 a.m and 4:00 p.m at the Fisher House Charleston located at 150 Wentworth Street, Charleston SC. Construction impact shall be minimized and mitigated in a way that limits disruption to the functioning of the Fisher House Charleston. Scheduling and coordination with the Fisher House Charleston will be critical and must be approved by Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) prior to work. General Requirements Employees of the contractor and sub-contractors shall always conduct themselves in a professional manner while on medical center property. The contractor shall ensure all personnel working on this contract are aware of Medical Center policies pertaining to employee behavior and conduct. Physical or verbal misconduct may be grounds for removing employees from Medical Center property, or grounds for arrest by the Veteran Affairs (VA) Police. Employees may be banned from VAHCS property as a result of inappropriate or illegal behavior. The contractor shall not be entitled to any compensation from the Government for any costs resulting from employee misconduct (including, but not limited to, delays in contract completion) and may be held liable for costs incurred by the Government because of employee misconduct. Smoking and vaping is strictly prohibited on the entire VAMC campus. Contract shall furnish maintenance and operating manuals and one compact disc (four hard copies and one electronic copy each) for each separate piece of equipment. It is the contractor s responsibility to properly assess the working conditions and include in the bid any specialty equipment, training, additional time, personnel, or safety equipment to perform the work safely and in compliance with all applicable VAHCS, local, state, and federal regulations. Execute work so as to interfere as little as possible with normal functioning of Medical Center as a whole, including operations of utility services, fire protection systems and any existing equipment, and with work being done by others. Use of equipment and tools that transmit vibrations and noises through the building structure, are not permitted in buildings that are occupied, during construction, jointly by patients or medical personnel, and Contractor's personnel, except as permitted by the COR where required by limited working space. Infection Control Infection Control Requirements shall be followed in accordance with an Infection Control Risk Assessment (ICRA) Permit. It is expected that work inside the facility will require a Class IV permit. Dust, dirt, and debris shall be contained. Additional infection control requirements are in included in Specification Section 01 35 26 Safety Requirements. Low/No Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC) materials are to be utilized. All ICRA barriers and/or plan of execution shall be in-place and approved by VAHCS Infection Control representative and COR prior to start of work. Personal Protective Equipment is required per OSHA standards. Safety Prior to commencing work, general contractor shall provide proof that an OSHA certified competent person (CP) in compliance with (29 CFR 1926.20(b)(2) will supervise all work under this contract and maintain a continual presence at the work site whenever the general or subcontractors are present. At all times during performance of this contract and until the work is completed and accepted, the Contractor shall directly superintend the work or assign and have on the worksite a competent superintendent who is satisfactory to the CO and has authority to act for the Contractor. Assigned CP shall have completed the OSHA 30-hour construction safety training within the past five (5) years and all other construction workers shall have at least a 10-hour OSHA course. Parking/Laydown Area The Contractor shall make arrangements for parking. At no time shall vehicles be parked on roadways, guest parking areas, etc. Coordinate use of the parking area for loading/unloading material with the COR and Fisher House Manager. Materials shall not be deposited in the parking area for any length of time. There is no guarantee for laydown of material. The VAHCS shall not provide an extensive area for storage of materials and laydown. Scheduling and coordination with the VAHCS will be critical. Materials may be staged provided that the materials are secured and inaccessible by Fisher House guests or people on the street. Interim Life Safety Measure (ILSM) Permit may be required for staged materials due to increased combustible loading. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to ensure their materials remain secure. RECORDS MANAGEMENT OBLIGATIONS A. Â Applicability This clause applies to all Contractors whose employees create, work with, or otherwise handle Federal records, as defined in Section B, regardless of the medium in which the record exists. Â B. Â Definitions Federal Record as defined in 44 U.S.C. Â§ 3301, includes all recorded information, regardless of form or characteristics, made or received by a Federal agency under Federal law or in connection with the transaction of public business and preserved or appropriate for preservation by that agency or its legitimate successor as evidence of the organization, functions, policies, decisions, procedures, operations, or other activities of the United States Government or because of the informational value of data in them. Â The term Federal record: 1. includes [Agency] records.Â 2. does not include personal materials. 3. applies to records created, received, or maintained by Contractors pursuant to their [Agency] contract. 4. may include deliverables and documentation associated with deliverables. C. Â Requirements 1. Contractor shall comply with all applicable records management laws and regulations, as well as National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) records policies, including but not limited to the Federal Records Act (44 U.S.C. chs. 21, 29, 31, 33), NARA regulations at 36 CFR Chapter XII Subchapter B, and those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a). These policies include the preservation of all records, regardless of form or characteristics, mode of transmission, or state of completion.Â 2. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, all data created for Government use and delivered to, or falling under the legal control of, the Government are Federal records subject to the provisions of 44 U.S.C. chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33, the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) (5 U.S.C. 552), as amended, and the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a), as amended and must be managed and scheduled for disposition only as permitted by statute or regulation.Â 3. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, Contractor shall maintain all records created for Government use or created in the course of performing the contract and/or delivered to, or under the legal control of the Government and must be managed in accordance with Federal law. Electronic records and associated metadata must be accompanied by sufficient technical documentation to permit understanding and use of the records and data.Â 4. RHJ VAHCS and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of RHJ VAHCS or destroyed except for in accordance with the provisions of the agency records schedules and with the written concurrence of the Head of the Contracting Activity. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. In the event of any unlawful or accidental removal, defacing, alteration, or destruction of records, Contractor must report to RHJ VAHCS. The agency must report promptly to NARA in accordance with 36 CFR 1230. 5. The Contractor shall immediately notify the appropriate Contracting Officer upon discovery of any inadvertent or unauthorized disclosures of information, data, documentary materials, records or equipment. Disclosure of non-public information is limited to authorized personnel with a need-to-know as described in the [contract vehicle]. The Contractor shall ensure that the appropriate personnel, administrative, technical, and physical safeguards are established to ensure the security and confidentiality of this information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is properly protected. The Contractor shall not remove material from Government facilities or systems, or facilities or systems operated or maintained on the Government s behalf, without the express written permission of the Head of the Contracting Activity. When information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is no longer required, it shall be returned to RHJ VAHCS control, or the Contractor must hold it until otherwise directed. Items returned to the Government shall be hand carried, mailed, emailed, or securely electronically transmitted to the Contracting Officer or address prescribed in the [contract vehicle]. Destruction of records is EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED unless in accordance with Paragraph (4). 6. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer's approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, contracts. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and [FACILITY] guidance for protecting sensitive, proprietary information, classified, and controlled unclassified information. 7. The Contractor shall only use Government IT equipment for purposes specifically tied to or authorized by the contract and in accordance with RHJ VAHCS policy.Â 8. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any non-public RHJ VAHCS information that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract.Â 9. The Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected from public disclosure by an exemption to the Freedom of Information Act.Â 10. The RHJ VAHCS owns the rights to all data and records produced as part of this contract. All deliverables under the contract are the property of the U.S. Government for which [FACILITY] shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Any Contractor rights in the data or deliverables must be identified as required by FAR 52.227-11 through FAR 52.227-20. 11. Training. All Contractor employees assigned to this contract who create, work with, or otherwise handle records are required to take RHJVAHCS-provided records management training. The Contractor is responsible for confirming training has been completed according to agency policies, including initial training and any annual or refresher training. D. Â Flow-down of requirements to Subcontractors 1. The Contractor shall incorporate the substance of this clause, its terms and requirements including this paragraph, in all subcontracts under this [contract vehicle], and require written subcontractor acknowledgment of same.Â 2. Violation by a subcontractor of any provision set forth in this clause will be attributed to the Contractor. RECORDS MANAGEMENT OBLIGATIONS A. Â Applicability This clause applies to all Contractors whose employees create, work with, or otherwise handle Federal records, as defined in Section B, regardless of the medium in which the record exists. Â B. Â Definitions Federal Record as defined in 44 U.S.C. Â§ 3301, includes all recorded information, regardless of form or characteristics, made or received by a Federal agency under Federal law or in connection with the transaction of public business and preserved or appropriate for preservation by that agency or its legitimate successor as evidence of the organization, functions, policies, decisions, procedures, operations, or other activities of the United States Government or because of the informational value of data in them. Â The term Federal record: 1. includes [Agency] records.Â 2. does not include personal materials. 3. applies to records created, received, or maintained by Contractors pursuant to their [Agency] contract. 4. may include deliverables and documentation associated with deliverables. C. Â Requirements 1. Contractor shall comply with all applicable records management laws and regulations, as well as National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) records policies, including but not limited to the Federal Records Act (44 U.S.C. chs. 21, 29, 31, 33), NARA regulations at 36 CFR Chapter XII Subchapter B, and those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a). These policies include the preservation of all records, regardless of form or characteristics, mode of transmission, or state of completion.Â 2. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, all data created for Government use and delivered to, or falling under the legal control of, the Government are Federal records subject to the provisions of 44 U.S.C. chapters 21, 29, 31, and 33, the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) (5 U.S.C. 552), as amended, and the Privacy Act of 1974 (5 U.S.C. 552a), as amended and must be managed and scheduled for disposition only as permitted by statute or regulation.Â 3. In accordance with 36 CFR 1222.32, Contractor shall maintain all records created for Government use or created in the course of performing the contract and/or delivered to, or under the legal control of the Government and must be managed in accordance with Federal law. Electronic records and associated metadata must be accompanied by sufficient technical documentation to permit understanding and use of the records and data.Â 4. RHJ VAHCS and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of RHJ VAHCS or destroyed except for in accordance with the provisions of the agency records schedules and with the written concurrence of the Head of the Contracting Activity. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. In the event of any unlawful or accidental removal, defacing, alteration, or destruction of records, Contractor must report to RHJ VAHCS. The agency must report promptly to NARA in accordance with 36 CFR 1230. 5. The Contractor shall immediately notify the appropriate Contracting Officer upon discovery of any inadvertent or unauthorized disclosures of information, data, documentary materials, records or equipment. Disclosure of non-public information is limited to authorized personnel with a need-to-know as described in the [contract vehicle]. The Contractor shall ensure that the appropriate personnel, administrative, technical, and physical safeguards are established to ensure the security and confidentiality of this information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is properly protected. The Contractor shall not remove material from Government facilities or systems, or facilities or systems operated or maintained on the Government s behalf, without the express written permission of the Head of the Contracting Activity. When information, data, documentary material, records and/or equipment is no longer required, it shall be returned to RHJ VAHCS control, or the Contractor must hold it until otherwise directed. Items returned to the Government shall be hand carried, mailed, emailed, or securely electronically transmitted to the Contracting Officer or address prescribed in the [contract vehicle]. Destruction of records is EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED unless in accordance with Paragraph (4). 6. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer's approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under, or relating to, contracts. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and [FACILITY] guidance for protecting sensitive, proprietary information, classified, and controlled unclassified information. 7. The Contractor shall only use Government IT equipment for purposes specifically tied to or authorized by the contract and in accordance with RHJ VAHCS policy.Â 8. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any non-public RHJ VAHCS information that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract.Â 9. The Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected from public disclosure by an exemption to the Freedom of Information Act.Â 10. The RHJ VAHCS owns the rights to all data and records produced as part of this contract. All deliverables under the contract are the property of the U.S. Government for which [FACILITY] shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Any Contractor rights in the data or deliverables must be identified as required by FAR 52.227-11 through FAR 52.227-20. 11. Training. All Contractor employees assigned to this contract who create, work with, or otherwise handle records are required to take RHJVAHCS-provided records management training. The Contractor is responsible for confirming training has been completed according to agency policies, including initial training and any annual or refresher training. D. Â Flow-down of requirements to Subcontractors 1. The Contractor shall incorporate the substance of this clause, its terms and requirements including this paragraph, in all subcontracts under this [contract vehicle], and require written subcontractor acknowledgment of same.Â 2. Violation by a subcontractor of any provision set forth in this clause will be attributed to the Contractor.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kenyon E. Dulaney
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Kenyon.Dulaney@va.gov
  - Phone: 614-388-7827

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8cde2f6979b348cd94c55aaa61e29b49/view)