---
layout: default
title: PUMP UNIT. CTFGL
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: e05666bfb2ce49a882cac8705e873c94
---

# PUMP UNIT. CTFGL

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 08:39:03.096-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010424QCD07

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N771.5|WG3|SEE EMAIL|DILLON.M.HIPPENSTEEL.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|COMBO INVOICE AND RECEIVING||TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS MECHANICSBURG| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (SEP 2016)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| OPTION FOR INCREASED QUANTITY (MAR 1989)|1|365 DAYS AFTER CONTRACT AWARD DATE| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (NOV 2023)|13||X|||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (FEB 2024)|13|333914|750 EMPLOYEES|X||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| The purpose of this amendment is to: 1. Update the requirement point of contact. 2. Extend the solicitation close date to 12 December 2025. This amendment makes no other changes. This solicitation is issued pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). Accelerated delivery is encouraged and accepted before the delivery date(s) listed in the schedule. ^^ All freight is FOB Origin. This RFQ is for repair. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractors written acceptance prior to execution.. Verify nomenclature, part number, and NSN prior to responding. The Government is seeking a Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) of: 229 days Government Source Inspection (GSI) is required. Please note freight is handled by the Navy as per the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) Statement of Work. Your quote should include the following information: QUOTE AMOUNT AND RTAT Unit Price:__________ Total Price:__________ Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): _______ days If your company is not quoting the Government's Required Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT) or earlier, provide your company's capacity constraints? _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ Repair Turnaround Time (RTAT): the resultant contractual delivery requirement is measured from asset Return to the date of asset acceptance under the terms of the contract. For purposes of this section, Return is defined as physical receipt of the F-condition asset at the contractors facility as reflected in the AAction Date entry in the Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV) system. In accordance with the CAV Statement of Work, the contractor is required to accurately report all transactions by the end of the fifth regular business day after receipt and the Action Date entered in CAV must be dated to reflect the actual date of physical receipt. The Contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTATs established in this contract. Check one: Firm-fixed-Price ___ Estimated ___ Not-to Exceed (NTE): ___ Return Material Authorization # (RMA), if applicable:__________ Delivery Vehicle (if Delivery Order requested) (if your company has a current BOA/IDIQ, for example) :__________________ TESTING AND EVALUATION IF BEYOND REPAIR T&E fee/price (if asset is determined BR/BER): If an item is determined BR, and the contractor provides documentation that costs were incurred during evaluation and determination of BR, the contracting officer will negotiate a reduced contract price, not-to exceed (NTE) $___________associated with the repair effort to reflect the BR status of the equipment. The T&E fee (if asset is determined BR/BER) was determined/computed based on:______________________________________. AWARDEE INFO & PERFORMANCE LOCATION Awardee CAGE: __________ Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not same as ""awardee CAGE"": __________ Facility/Subcontractor CAGE (where the asset should be shipped), if not same as ""awardee CAGE"":__________ IOT COMPARE REPAIR PRICE TO PRICE TO BUY NEW New unit price:__________ New unit delivery lead-time:__________ \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for repair and the contract quality requirements for the PUMP UNIT. CTFGL . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS - NOT APPLICABLE 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The PUMP UNIT. CTFGL repaired under this contract/purchase order shall meet the operational and functional requirements as represented by the Cage Code(s) and reference number(s) listed below. All repair work shall be performed in accordance with the contractors repair/overhaul standard practices, manuals and directives including but not limited to drawings, technical orders, manufacturing operations, tooling instructions, approved repair standards and any other contractor or government approved documents developed to provide technical repair procedures. CAGE___Ref. No. ;83130 NA1552-1;

3.2 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.2 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176052498
  - Email: VALENTINO.P.ARENA.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e05666bfb2ce49a882cac8705e873c94/view)