---
layout: default
title: NOI-Instrument Maintenance Service Illumina NextSeq 2000 Bronze Support Plan
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 0c782adb35134fe79d5e360d66a1af25
---

# NOI-Instrument Maintenance Service Illumina NextSeq 2000 Bronze Support Plan

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 09:08:04.016-04
- Solicitation Number: PCA-NIAID-02977

## Summary

PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE – Notice of Intent to Sole Source SOLICITATION NUMBER: PCA-NIAID-02977 TITLE: Instrument Maintenance Service Illumina NextSeq 2000 Bronze Support Plan RESPONSE DATE: May 3, 2026, at 4:00 pm EST. PRIMARY POINT OF CONTACT: Jaddua Johnston jaddua.johnston@mail.nih.gov Phone: 240-569-0006 INTRODUCTION: THIS IS A PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE (NOTICE OF INTENT) SYNOPSIS TO AWARD A CONTRACT WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME). The Laboratory of Viral Diseases (LVD) carries out investigations of the molecular biology of viruses, the interactions of viruses with host cells, the pathogenesis of viral diseases, and host defense mechanisms and the evolution of viruses. These studies are designed to increase fundamental knowledge and facilitate the development of new approaches to the prevention of treatment of disease. The goals of the Laboratory of Viral Diseases (LVD) are to determine the mechanisms used by viruses to infect cells, express and replicate their genomes, assemble infectious particles, and evade the host immune response. Basic information obtained from these studies is used to design antiviral agents and live and subunit recombinant vaccines. Much of the research performed at the LVD utilizes the use of high-throughput sequencing to analyze viral genetic sequences and evolution and make modifications. NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE and SET ASIDE STATUS NAICS code 811210 Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance @ $34,000,000. This acquisition is NOT set aside for small businesses. REGULATORY AUTHORITY This acquisition will be conducted using FAR Part 12 – Acquisition of Commercial Items in conjunction with FAR Part 13 – Simplified Acquisition Procedures, as applicable. The resultant contract will include all appropriate provisions and clauses in effect through the current Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC).. STATUTORY AUTHORITY This acquisition is being conducted under the authority of: FAR 6.302-1 – Only One Responsible Source and No Other Supplies or Services Will Satisfy Agency Requirements (41 U.S.C. 3304(a)(1)) DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT: PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this contract is to provide coverage for parts and services for any required maintenance of the Illumin NextSeq Sequencer (Serial Number VH01023) during the one year of performance specified in the order. The coverage applies to the instrumentation, software, and includes labor, travel expenses, and parts and support. C. CONTRACTOR REQUIREMENTS For the Illumina NextSeq2000 the contractor will be expected to deliver: (OEM) certified technician to respond to issues during the period of performance, including all non-consumable parts, travel, and labor for repair visits. 72-hour guaranteed response time for on-site visits. On-site applications support 4-hour guaranteed response time for remote technical support. Remote monitoring as requested Software revisions released during the agreement. Hardware updates during the agreement D. GOVERNMENT RESPONSIBILITIES The government will provide access to instruments for service technicians, including escorts from the front guard desk to the instrument. E. REPORTING REQUIREMENT AND DELIVERABLES The deliverables are prompt response to all service requests as stated above. Deliverables are documentation of all service visits, including a listing of any new parts provided. F. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The length of the contract will be from July 12, 2026 to July 11, 2027 (12 months). G. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The Illumina NextSeq Sequencer is currently located at: National Institutes of Health NIAID/LVD Building 33 Room 1E19 33 North Drive Bethesda, MD 20892 H. PARTIAL PAYMENT REQUIRED Invoice shall be issued quarterly in arrears. I. PROGRAM MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL REQUIREMENTS Certified OEM Service technicians will be accompanied by a member of the LVD at all times. J. INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA The LVD will independently determine the proper functioning of the instrumentation to determine if service requests were resolved properly, and when it is determined that the instrument is not functioning as expected, the LVD will request additional service support at no additional cost. CONTRACTING WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME) DETERMINATION The determination by the Government to award a contract without providing for full and open competition is based upon the market research conducted. Specifically, Illumina, Inc is the only vendor in the marketplace that can provide the services required by NCATS. The equipment is proprietary to its manufacturer, Illumina, Inc , and this company is the sole provider of maintenance for this equipment. In accordance with FAR part 10, extensive market research was conducted to reach this determination. Additionally, contacts with knowledgeable individuals both in industry and Government, as well as reviews of available product literature, revealed no other sources. Finally, a review of the GSA Advantage, Dynamic Small Business Search, and previous government acquisitions returned no results that meet all of the requirements. Therefore, only Illumina, Inc is capable of meeting the needs of this requirement. The intended source is: Illumina, Inc 5200 Illumina Way San Diego CA 92122-4616 United States CLOSING STATEMENT THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE PROPOSALS. However, interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to this notice. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency. The information received will normally be considered solely for the purposes of determining whether to proceed on a non-competitive basis or to conduct a competitive procurement. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. Responses to this notice shall contain sufficient information to establish the interested parties' bona-fide capabilities for fulfilling the requirement and include: unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, the delivery period after contract award, the prompt payment discount terms, the F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), the Dun & Bradstreet Number (DUNS), the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. All responses must be received by the closing date and time of this announcement and must reference the solicitation number, PCA-NIAID-02977. Responses must be submitted electronically to Jaddua Johnston, Contract Specialist at Jaddua.Johnston@nih.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jaddua Johnston
  - Email: jaddua.johnston@nih.gov
  - Phone: 2405690006

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0c782adb35134fe79d5e360d66a1af25/view)