---
layout: default
title: J023--Vehicle HVAC System Repair and Maintenance Services Grand Junction VA Medical Center, Colorado
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 74345738e5934e7082452c235e255fc5
---

# J023--Vehicle HVAC System Repair and Maintenance Services Grand Junction VA Medical Center, Colorado

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 10:44:17.468-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0334
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Request for Quote (RFQ) #: 36C25926Q0334 Vehicle HVAC System Repair Services This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation. QUESTIONS: The deadline for all questions is 12:00pm MST, March 17th, 2026. All questions must be submitted in writing, via email, no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. QUOTES: Quotes are to be provided to stephanie.cahill@va.gov no later than 12:00pm MST, March 20th, 2026. Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make the award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C25926Q0334. The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06 effective August 26th, 2025. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 811111 with a business size standard of $9 million. This solicitation is 100% unrestricted for full and open competition. List of Line Items; Line Item Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0001 Machine; AC Machine Charge with R134A Freon 1 JB 0002 Diagnostics and Labor in accordance with the Statement of Work 1 JB 0003 Shop Supplies and Misc. Expenses 1 EA Grand Total $ Description of Requirements for the items/Services to be acquired: *Cut sheets and specification sheets proving the offered products and services meets all testing specifications and requirements provided in the Statement of Work (SOW) must be included with the quote *Failure to meet the requirements listed in the SOW below will result in the offeror s quote not being considered for award. *Failure to provide the required documents or information (information documents, quote with accurate costs, estimated time for completion of project) by the quote deadline will result in the offeror s quote not being considered for award. STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW): VA22603 HVAC System Repair and Maintenance Purpose. To repair the HVAC systems in the 2013 Freightliner M Line Shuttlebus, Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) 4UZADEDT2DCBW8686, license plate VA22603 which is experiencing issues with the air conditioning not providing conditioned (cool) air. Scope. The selected Contractor shall furnish labor, manufacturer-approved parts and materials, and equipment to complete the tasks defined in Section 3. Mandatory Tasks and Deliverables. Mandatory Tasks and Deliverables. The contractor shall complete tasks 3.1. If for any reason, any task cannot be completed on time according to the below schedule, the contractor shall provide a written explanation three days prior to the due date to the Contracting Officer Representative (COR). This written transmittal shall include a firm commitment of when the work shall be completed. This transmittal to the COR shall cite reasons for the delay, and the impact on the overall project. Task One (CLIN 0001). Identify the problem and repair vehicle (license plate # VA22603 - 2013 Freightliner MBC Front Engine Commercial Bus Chassis. Style: Chassis Bus, Engine:

6.7 L I6 CRDI Diesel. Manufacturer: Freightliner Custom Chassis Corp (FCCC)) Deliverables for CLIN 0001 Conduct a detailed inspection of the entire HVAC system. Provide a written diagnostic report outlining the issues found. The report shall be submitted within five business days of initiating the task. Inspect and repair faulty generators, ensuring they do not smoke and produce sufficient power as recommended by the manufacturer. Replace or repair dead batteries powering the generators. The generators and batteries should be functional and properly installed. Reinstall and tighten loose suction side lines at the TXV for both cab and rear AC units (for both vehicles if necessary). Install a new O-ring on the rear unit (left side) where identified. Conduct vacuum and leak tests to ensure no leaks are present. Charge the HVAC systems with the appropriate (manufacturer recommended) amount of R134A Freon. Ensure the systems are charged correctly to manufacturers specifications. The vehicle shall be tested to confirm proper cooling. Diagnose and repair or replace leaking heater control valves. Realign and correctly mount new compressors, ensuring belt tensions are set properly (to manufacturer s recommendation). Ensure heater control valves toggles both sides of the coolant flow. Perform a complete functional test of both front and rear HVAC systems. Conduct a quality control inspection to ensure both systems are operating correctly and meet DOT inspection standards. Provide a detailed report on system function and any recommendations for further action, if necessary. The Contractor shall provide a detailed written report of the diagnostic results and repairs completed. Place of Performance. The Contractor is able to repair the vehicle either at their own facility or on site at the medical center. All work shall be performed within 50 miles of Grand Junction VA Medical Center. Contractor Qualifications The Contractor shall have an established business, with an office, indoor or covered work bays, and a full-time staff. The staff shall include mechanics and technicians that are fully certified to complete the scope of work. Government and Contractor Responsibilities. The contractor shall request other VA documentation deemed pertinent to the work accomplishment directly from the COR at the Medical Center. The contractor is expected to use common knowledge and resourcefulness in securing all other reference materials, standard industry publications, and related materials that are pertinent to the work. If the contactor determines there are additional maintenance repairs or parts replacement required to make the vehicle air conditioning system fully operational that were not established in the SOW s deliverables, the contractor must provide a quote to the COR for review prior to ordering parts or performing any additional maintenance services based on the quote. Formal Acceptance or Rejection of Deliverables. The contractor shall provide an email report of diagnostic service and results. The VA shall have 3 business days to review each document and provide feedback and comments. The contractor shall have five business days to address comments. A final review shall be conducted with the COR and the Fleet Manager. Delivery of the final review document with incorporated comments from the final review meeting shall constitute acceptance by the VA with COR s written approval. Quality Standards for Deliverables - Performance Measures: The HVAC unit shall be effectively cooling with no signs of temperature irregularities. Proper installation and alignment of all components, such as compressors and lines. The heater control valve functions correctly with no leaks. The HVAC system shall pass leak tests and maintain proper pressure levels. (End of Statement of Work) Previous feedback provided on initial evaluation of vehicle: Inspected condenser and fan both of each pair seems to be in good condition. Found roof mounted a/c to be ran with generator. Batteries were dead for generator, generator needs attention, smokes heavily but does produce power. Roof mount a/c correct. A/C units for cab, rear had the suction side line at the txv completely loose and had to clean threads to reinstall. Front unit had a very loose connection line that was leaking badly, both tightened up and held pressure. Installed new oring the rear unit (left side) that was missing. Pulled into vacuum, passed leak test. Vacuum too a long time due to system being open for so long. Once vacuum was pulled to spec. charging system took a long time as the system is very large. upon running, found that rear system has a leaking heater control valve (or inop) further diag is needed for that. Charged system with freon, started with 16lbs. started unit and ac started working. Still needs more freon, as it will pull the high side down too far. Low side is very high but with heat running on one it throws readings off. Ran unit, pressures look correct txv is dropping pressure, but evaporator seems to be holding heat despite having freon flowing. Left side unit is blowing cool at this time. Heater control valve only shuts off one side of coolant flow, valve seems to be working correctly. After starting and running a/c heard belt making noise. Inspected and found that someone did not finish installing the (newer) compressor. Had to remove floor and doghouse to access mounting bolt that was barely installed. Very little access and very difficult to align compressor. Once installed correctly and belt tension set started and reran unit. Both systems need test ran again. Checked pressures, all look good rear unit working well, front unit not blowing cold Services and acceptance are to be F.O.B Destination (RFO 52.247-34) at: **Vehicle can be driven from the Grand Junction VA Medical Center to a facility within 50 miles OR the awardee will be able to perform repairs at the Grand Junction VA Medical Center.** 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. If the acquisition is set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs, their socioeconomic status must be verified and visible in the SBA Small Business Certification (SBS): https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ at the time of quote submission AND award, or will be considered non-responsive, and will NOT be considered for award. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Technical capability or quality of the services offered to meet the Government requirement; (II) Price; (III) Estimated time for completion of the project. Volume I - Technical capability or quality of the services offered to meet the Government requirement The offeror shall submit specifications, cut sheets, or brochures confirming the services to be provided meet or exceed the requirements included in the SOW specified in this solicitation. Volume II Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (v) above: Price/Cost Schedule. Volume III Estimated Time to Complete Project/Repairs The offeror shall state the required number of calendar days to deliver the services resulting in the repair of the vehicle s HVAC system. The offeror should include the approximate number of days it would take from notice of award of the contract to the start date of the project (initiation of repairs). (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor 1. Technical capability of services offered to meet the Government requirement Factor 2. Price Factor 3. Estimated Time to Complete Project/Repairs Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability of services offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Factor 2. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line item prices. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make a price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the item offered to the Government requirement shall not be selected regardless of price. Factor 3. Estimated Time to Complete Project/Repairs: The Government will evaluate overall time needed from notice of award of contract in addition to other evaluation factors specified above and select the quoter/offer whose bid is most advantageous to the Government. **The Government may consider an award to other than the lowest priced quoter/offeror if it s in the best interest of the Government.** If offeror does not provide all volumes as outlined in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions, the offer may be considered non-responsive. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government Statute X 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct Statute X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Statute X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Statute X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Other X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance Statute 52.204-91 Contractor identification Other X 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment Statute X 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Statute X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Statute 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns Statute X 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside Statute 52.219-6 with Alt I Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside, with Alternate I Statute X 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-9 Small Business Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-9 with Alt I Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-9 with Alt II Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate II Statute 52.219-9 with Alt III Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate III Statute 52.219-9 with Alt IV Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate IV Statute 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting Statute 52.219-16 Liquidated Damages Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule Statute X 52.222-3 Convict Labor EO X 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies EO X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Statute 52.222-35 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Veterans, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Statute 52.222-36 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Statute X 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act EO 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Statute X 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits Statute X 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) Statute 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment Statute X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons Statute 52.222-50 with Alt I Combating Trafficking in Persons, with its Alternate I Statute 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Requirements Other 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services Requirements Other X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification EO X 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 EO X 52.223-2 Reporting of Biobased Products Under Service and Construction Contracts. Statute 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items Statute 52.223-9 with Alt I Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items, with Alternate I Statute 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons Statute 52.223-12 Maintenance Statute 52.223-20 Aerosols Statute 52.223-21 Foams Statute X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services Statute 52.224-3 Privacy Training Statute 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies Statute 52.225-1 with Alt I Buy American-Supplies, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-3 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Statute 52.225-3 with Alt II Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate II Statute 52.225-3 with Alt III Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate III Statute 52.225-3 with Alt IV Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate IV Statute 52.225-5 Trade Agreements Statute 52.225-19 Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States Other 52.225-26 Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States Statute 52.226-4 Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside Statute 52.226-5 Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area Statute X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving EO X 52.229-3 Federal, State, and Local Taxes Statute 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Statute 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.232-30 Installment Payments of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management Statute 52.232-34 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Other than System for Award Management Statute 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party Statute X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Statute 52.232-90 Fast Payment Procedure Statute X 52.233-3 Protest After Award Statute X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Statute X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Statute 52.240-91 with Alt I Security Prohibitions and Exclusions, with Alternate I Statute 52.240-92 Security Requirements Other 52.240-92 with Alt II Security Requirements with Alternate II Other 52.240-93 Â Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems Â X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.247-64 Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels Statute 52.247-64 with Alt I Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate I Statute 52.247-64 with Alt II Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate II Statute Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days. 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.204-70 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel VAAR 852.207-72 Personnel Vetting and Credentialing VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899. (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source X 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions Statute X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation Statute X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration Statute 52.204-7 with Alt I System for Award Management Registration, with Alternate I Statute 52.204-90 Offeror Identification Statute 52.207-6 Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) Statute 52.209-12 Certification Regarding Tax Matters Statute 52.219-2 Equal Low Bids Statute 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products E.O. 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Certification Other 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification Other 52.222-56 Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan Statute 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification Statute 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Statute 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate Statute 52.225-6 Trade Agreements-Certificate Statute 52.225-20 Prohibition on Conducting Restricted Business Operations in Sudan-Certification Statute 52.225-25 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran-Representation and Certifications Statute 52.226-3 Disaster or Emergency Area Representation Statute 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation Statute X 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications Statute The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to stephanie.cahill@va.gov by 12:00pm MST, March 20th, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Stephanie Cahill Stephanie.Cahill@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Stephanie Cahill
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Stephanie.Cahill@va.gov
  - Phone: *Email preferred*

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/74345738e5934e7082452c235e255fc5/view)