---
layout: default
title: CARTRIDGE, CYAN
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 77fe8a54385748cda085e8ba2c94c486
---

# CARTRIDGE, CYAN

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 11:39:44.411-04
- Solicitation Number: N00104-26-Q-BH10

## Summary

PLEASE SPECIFY (IF OTHER THAN 60 DAYS) ______________ DAYS.IF YOU ARE SUBMITTING YOUR QUOTE VIA EMAIL OR NECO,PLEASE SPECIFY THE NUMBER OF DAYS PRICING IS VALID. ALL CONTRACTUAL DOCUMENTS (I.E. CONTRACTS, PURCHASE ORDERS, TASK ORDERS, DELIVERY ORDERS AND MODIFICATIONS) RELATED TO THE INSTANT PROCUREMENT ARE CONSIDERED TO BE ’ISSUED’ BY THE GOVERNMENT WHEN COPIES ARE EITHER DEPOSITED IN THE MAIL, TRANSMITTED BY FACSIMILE, OR SENT BY OTHER ELECTRONIC COMMERCE METHODS, SUCH AS EMAIL. THE GOVERNMENT’S ACCEPTANCE OF THE CONTRACTOR’S PROPOSAL CONSTITUTES BILATERAL AGREEMENT TO ’ISSUE’ CONTRACTUAL DOCUMENTS AS DETAILED HEREIN. INSPECTION AT ORIGIN ACCEPTANCE AT ORIGIN POC EMAIL: THOMAS.M.FALCONE.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

1.1 In the event of a conflict between section "C" and section "D" of the contract/purchase order, Section "C" will take precedence. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS; THERE ARE NO TECHNICAL DOCUMENTS; SUCH AS, DRAWINGS, TECHNICAL DATA, ETC. ASSOCIATED TO THIS SOLICITATION/AWARD, THE PART NUMBER/CATALOG NUMBER CITED IN THE REQUIREMENTS SECTION IS FULLY DESCRIPTIVE. 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 MANUFACTURE AND DESIGN - THE S8GP GMSPI FURNISHED UNDER THIS CONTRACT/PURCHASE ORDER SHALL MEET THE REQUIREMENTS AS SPECIFIED IN THE ORDERING DATA LISTED HEREIN AND THROUGHOUT THE CONTRACT/PURCHASE ORDER. (1). DESIGN, MATERIAL AND DIMENSIONS TO BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH: A. MANUFACTURER: <TECHNOLOGY DYNAMICS, INC. (29019)> . B. DRAWING: <> . C. PIECE NUMBER: <> . REVISION: <> . D. PART NUMBER: <GH5K60-250-12243> . E. CATALOG NUMBER <> . (2). THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS APPLY: A. EXCLUSION OF MERCURY REQUIREMENTS ARE CITED IN THE ADDITIONAL TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION LOCATED WITHIN SECTION "C" OF THE CONTRACT/PURCHASE ORDER. B. <> .

3.2 NAVSUP WSS-MECH CODE N94 ADDITIONAL TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION ORDER OF PRECEDENCE AND EFFECTIVE ISSUES OF CITED DOCUMENTATION DATED: JULY 2004 A. ORDER OF PRECEDENCE FOR DOCUMENT CONFLICT RESOLUTION: THE TECHNICAL AND QUALITY REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO MANUFACTURE OF THE MATERIAL BEING PURCHASED UNDER THIS ORDER ARE CONTAINED OR INVOKED IN ONE OR MORE OF THE DOCUMENTS LISTED BELOW. IN THE EVENT OF ANY INCONSISTENCIES BETWEEN ANY PROVISIONS OF THIS ORDER, THE ORDER OR PRECEDENCE SHALL BE AS FOLLOWS: 1. AMENDMENTS TO THE PURCHASE ORDER/CONTRACT 2. SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES OF THE PURCHASE ORDER/CONTRACT. 3. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PURCHASE ORDER/CONTRACT. 4. INDIVIDUAL REPAIR PART ORDERING DATA (IRPOD); OR MASTER PROCUREMENT SPECIFICATION, AS APPLICABLE. 5. ANY INVOKED STANDARD TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS (STRS). 6. DRAWINGS REFERENCED IN THE IRPOD, OR MASTER PROCUREMENT SPECIFICATION , AS APPLICABLE. 7. SPECIFICATIONS REFERENCED IN THE IRPOD, MASTER PROCUREMENT SPECIFICATIONS OR DRAWING(S), AS APPLICABLE. B. EFFECTIVE ISSUES OF CITED DRAWINGS, SPECIFICATIONS, STANDARDS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS: N00104-26-Q-BH04 PAGE 4 OF 50 1. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL COMPLY WITH THE SPECIFIED REVISIONS OF THE DOCUMENTS (I.E. DRAWINGS,SPECIFICATIONS,STANDARDS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS) CITED IN THE IRPOD AND/OR PROCUREMENT SPECIFICATION CONTAINED HEREIN. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL OBTAIN WRITTEN APPROVAL FOR THE CONTRACTING OFFICER TO USE DOCUMENT REVISIONS OTHER THAN THOSE SPECIFIED. WHEN A LATER DRAWING REVISION IS SUBMITTED FOR APPROVAL, TWO FULL SIZE CLEAR LEGIBLE PRINTS SHALL BE PROVIDED. 2. WHERE DOCUMENTS ARE REFERRED TO ONLY BY THE BASIC IDENTIFICATION NAME OR NUMBER AND NO SPECIFIC REVISION THERETO, THE CONTRACTOR USE OF ANY ISSUE OF THE DOCUMENT EXCEPT ALL SUCH REVISIONS SHALL BE DATED 1 NOVEMBER 1969 OR LATER. C. USE OF DOCUMENT REVISIONS IN THEIR ENTIRETY: 1. CONTRACTORS SHALL USE REVISIONS TO EACH CITED OR REFERENCED DOCUMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY UNLESS THE CONTRACTOR OBTAINS CONTRACTING OFFICER APPROVAL TO DO OTHERWISE (i.e. THE CONTRACTOR SHALL NOT USE PORTIONS OF DIFFERENT REVISIONS OF A DOCUMENT). D. VENDOR WAIVER/DEVIATIONS ON CRITICAL CONTRACTS. 1. COMPLIANCE WITH THE DELIVERY DATE AND TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS OF NAVSUP WSS CRITICAL REPAIR PART MATERIAL CONTRACTS IS EXPECTED. 2. AS THE CAUTIONARY NOTE CONTAINED IN THE CONTRACT STATES, SELLER INTENDED USE OF ANY MATERIAL WHICH IS NOT IN FULL COMPLIANCE WITH THE SPECIFIED CONTRACT TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS, SHOULD BE IDENTIFIED AS AN EXCEPTION IN ADVANCE EITHER AT THE TIME THE QUOTATION IS SUBMITTED OR PRIOR TO MANUFACTURE. 3. REQUESTS FOR DELIVERY DATE EXTENSIONS AND WAIVERS/DEVIATIONS SHOULD BE ACCOMPANIED BY AN EXPLANATION OF THE CAUSE FOR THE DELAY, OR THE REASON FOR THE REQUESTED NON-CONFORMANCE WITH AN OFFER OF CONSIDERATION IN THE EVENT THE CONTRACTING OFFICER CONCURS WITH YOUR REQUEST. 4. REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS/DEVIATIONS SHOULD PROVIDE JUSTIFICATION FOR THE REQUESTED CHANGE INCLUDING AN EVALUATION WHICH DEMONSTRATES THAT PROPOSED NON-CONFORMANCE WILL NOT AFFECT THE QUALITY, FORM, FIT, OR FUNCTION OF THE PART. WHERE A PROPOSED ALTERNATE OR REPLACEMENT ITEM IS OFFERED, SUPPORTING TECHNICAL DATA (CATALOG PAGE, DRAWING (S), ETC.) THAT FULLY DESCRIBE THE PROPOSED ITEM SHALL BE PROVIDED FOR TECHNICAL EVALUATION. 5. REQUESTS WHICH DO NOT CONTAIN THE ABOVE INFORMATION WILL BE RETURNED AND WILL NOT BE SUBMITTED TO TECHNICAL/ENGINEERING REVIEW UNTIL SUFFICIENT JUSTIFICATION IS PROVIDED. 6. REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS/DEVIATIONS SHALL BE PRESENTED TO THE GOVERNMENT QUALITY ASSURANCE REPRESENTATIVE (QAR) FOR COMMENT. THE QAR SHALL FORWARD THE REQUEST, WITH THEIR COMMENTS, DIRECTLY TO THE POST AWARD PCO IDENTIFIED IN THE CONTRACT/PURCHASE ORDER WITHIN FIVE WORKING DAYS AFTER RECEIPT. E. EXCLUSION OF MERCURY 1. MERCURY OR MERCURY CONTAINING COMPOUNDS SHALL NOT BE INTENTIONALLY ADDED TO OR COME IN DIRECT CONTACT WITH HARDWARE OR SUPPLIES UNDER THIS CONTRACT. WSSTERMCZ05 CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT - MARITIME

1.0 Configuration Management

1.1 The cognizant systems command (SYSCOM), Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) or Naval Information Warfare Systems Command (NAVWAR), Program Manager will maintain configuration control and change authority for all items in this contract.

1.2 In accordance with the configuration management provisions of this contract, the Contractor must maintain the total Equipment baseline configuration of the parts on this contract including, but not limited to, hardware, software and firmware. NOTE: The latest revisions of the DOD Forms referenced in this term can be found at https://www.esd.whs.mil/dd. The latest revisions of the DIDs referenced in this term can be found at https://quicksearch.dla.mil/.

2.0 Engineering Changes

2.1 The Government will not be responsible for any contract delay or disruption or any increased costs of performance of the Contractor due to a misclassification of an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) by the Contractor, including those costs associated with replacement of delivered items resulting from such a misclassification. ECP's are classified as either Class I (Major) or Class II (Minor). For detailed classification criteria refer to DD Form 1692 instructions sheet. ECPs must be prepared in accordance with DI-SESS-80639E, Engineering Change Proposal (ECP). N00104-26-Q-BH04 PAGE 5 OF 50 WSSTERMCZ05 (CONT) CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT - MARITIME NOTE: Any ECP or notification of an ECP submitted to the PCO in accordance with this paragraph must also be copied to the NAVSUP WSS CM Team at usn.philadelphia.navsupwssphil.mbx.configuration-management@us.navy.mil. 2.1.1 Class I (Major) Changes: The Contractor must coordinate with the cognizant SYSCOM Program Office prior to any Class I ECP submission. The Contractor must notify the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) of any pending or approved Class I engineering changes with another Government activity that the Contractor proposes to incorporate under this contract. The cognizant SYSCOM Program Office will approve or disapprove of Class I changes. Any approved Class I change may necessitate contract changes by the PCO, which changes may be handled under the Changes clause of this contract, FAR 52.243-1 The Contractor must not implement a Class I change on this contract until a contract modification is issued by the PCO. 2.1.2 Class II (Minor) Changes: Class II changes must be submitted to the cognizant Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Contract Management Office (CMO), or to the Supervisor of Shipbuilding (SUPSHIP) Groton, for concurrence in classification and may be implemented only upon receiving DCMA, SUPSHIP, or NAVSEA/NAVWAR Technical Warrant Holder (TWH) concurrence. On Navy Special Emphasis Program contracts/purchase orders, the Contractor must submit the Class II (Minor) change to the PCO for approval or disapproval. Class II changes must be made at no additional cost to the Government.

2.2 The Contractor is not entitled to any equitable adjustment to the contract price or terms based on the Government's disapproval of a Class I or Class II ECP.

3.0 Variances

3.1 The Contractor must not deliver any item for acceptance by the Government that incorporates a known departure from product definition information unless a Request for Variance (RFV) has been approved. Authorized variances are a temporary departure from the requirements only and do not authorize a change to the item's configuration baseline. RFVs are classified as Critical, Major, or Minor. For detailed classification criteria refer to the DD Form 1694 instructions sheet. Variance requests must be prepared in accordance with DI-SESS-80640E - Request for Variance (RFV). NOTE: Any RFV submitted to the PCO in accordance with this paragraph must also be copied to the NAVSUP WSS RFV Review Team at usn.philadelphia.navsupwssphil.mbx.rfv-review-team@us.navy.mil. 3.1.1 Critical/Major Variances: The Contractor must submit all critical/major variance requests via DCMA or SUPSHIP and the PCO, to the SYCOM Program Office or their delegated representative, for approval or disapproval. All approved critical/major variances require a contract modification by the PCO prior to final inspection and acceptance of the items. 3.1.2 Minor Variances: For minor RFVs, delivery and/or shipment of such items under this contract is not permitted until the request is approved by the cognizant DCMA CMO, SUPSHIP, or SYSCOM TWH. On Navy Special Emphasis Program contracts/purchase orders, the Contractor must submit minor variance requests via DCMA or SUPSHIP and the PCO, to the SYSCOM Program Office or their delegated representative, for approval or disapproval.

3.2 The Contractor is not entitled to any equitable adjustment to the contract price or terms based on the Government's disapproval of a major/critical or minor variance. (12-23) PART I - THE SCHEDULE SECTION D PACKAGING AND MARKING CLIN: 0001 NIIN: 016928868 ACTIVITY USE ONLY: TDP VERSION NO.: 001 ITEM NAME: S8GP GMSPI N00104-26-Q-BH04 PAGE 6 OF 50 5. PACKAGING

5.1 WHEN THE CLEANLINESS CONTROL REQUIREMENTS OF ONE OR MORE OF THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS ARE INVOKED: MIL-STD-767, MIL-STD-2041, REFUELING CLEAN, OR REACTOR PLANT CLEAN, THE FOLLOWING CLARIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR MIL-PRF-23199 PACKAGING OF REPAIR PARTS APPLIES. (1). THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY CLARIFIES THE PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS OF MIL-PRF-23199 PERTAINING TO THE USE OF MIL-DTL-24466 GREEN POLY BAGS. THE SUPPLIER REMAINS RESPONSIBLE FOR MEETING ALL CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS. SUPPLIERS WHO ARE UNSURE OF THE PACKAGING, PACKING, AND MARKING. REQUIREMENTS FOR A PARTICULAR PART SHOULD REQUEST CLARIFICATION BY CONTACTING THE NAVSUP-WSS CONTRACTING POC. (A). PARAGRAPH 3.4.2 OF MIL-PRF-23199 DISCUSSES LEVEL B PACKAGING AND REFERS TO PARAGRAPH 3.3.1 FOR THE METHOD OF PACKAGING. PARAGRAPH 3.3.1 PROVIDES SEVERAL METHODS OF PACKAGING. PACKAGING IN HEAT SEALED ENVELOPES IS COVERED IN PARAGRAPH 3.3.1.1 WHICH STATES, "COMPONENTS WHICH ARE SUBJECT TO CLEANLINESS CONTROLS (SEE 6.2) OR AS SPECIFIED (SEE 6.1) SHALL BE PACKAGED IN HEAT SEALED ENVELOPES (SEE 3.2.2.5 AND 3.2.2.5.1)". (2). THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS MUST BE SATISFIED IN ORDER FOR MIL-DTL-24466 BAGS TO APPLY: (A). PARAGRAPH

6.2 OF MIL-PRF-23199 DEFINES CLEANLINESS CONTROLS AS ANY REFERENCE TO (OR APPLICATION OF) THE CLEANLINESS CONTROL REQUIREMENTS OF ONE OR MORE OF THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS: MIL-STD-767, MIL-STD-2041, REFUELING CLEAN, REACTOR PLANT CLEAN, OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS IDENTIFIED WITHIN THE IRPOD. THE REPAIR PART MUST HAVE CLEANING REQUIREMENTS OF ONE OF THE AFORMENTIONED METHODS. (B). PARAGRAPH

6.1 CONTAINS ORDERING DATA OPTIONS. PARAGRAPH 6.1(k)2. PROVIDES AN OPTION TO SPECIFY THE METHOD OF PACKAGING TO BE USED WHEN PACKAGING IS OTHER THAN IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARAGRAPH 3.3.1.1 ONLY. IF A CONTRACT SPECIFIES ANY ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR THE USE OF GREEN POLY BAGS, THEN THEY ARE REQUIRED AND TAKE PRECEDENCE. (4). THE USE OF FIRE RETARDANT PACKAGING MATERIAL IS NO LONGER REQUIRED IN ANY NAVSUP-WSS N94 CONTRACT. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 252.211-7003 ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause- "Automatic identification device" means a device, such as a reader or interrogator, used to retrieve data encoded on machine-readable media. "Concatenated unique item identifier" means- (1) For items that are serialized within the enterprise identifier, the linking together of the unique identifier data elements in order of the issuing agency code, enterprise identifier, and unique serial number within the enterprise identifier; or (2) For items that are serialized within the original part, lot, or batch number, the linking together of the unique identifier data elements in order of the issuing agency code; enterprise identifier; original part, lot, or batch number; and serial number within the original part, lot, or batch number. "Data matrix" means a two-dimensional matrix symbology, which is made up of square or, in some cases, round modules arranged within a perimeter finder pattern and uses the Error Checking and Correction 200 (ECC200) specification found within International Standards Organization (ISO)/International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) 16022. "Data qualifier' means a specified character (or string of characters) that immediately precedes a data field that defines the general category or intended use of the data that follows. "DoD recognized unique identification equivalent" means a unique identification method that is in commercial use and has been recognized by DoD. All DoD recognized unique identification equivalents are listed at https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/ds/unique-id.html "DoD item unique identification" means a system of marking items delivered to DoD with unique item identifiers that have machine-readable data elements to distinguish an item from all other like and unlike items. For items that are serialized within the enterprise identifier, the unique item identifier shall include the data elements of the enterprise identifier and a unique serial number. For items that are serialized within the part, lot, or batch number within the enterprise identifier, the unique item identifier shall include the data elements of the enterprise identifier; the original part, lot or batch number; and the serial number. "Enterprise" means the entity (e.g., a manufacturer or vendor) responsible for assigning unique item identifiers to items. N00104-26-Q-BH04 PAGE 7 OF 50 252.211-7003 (CONT) ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023) "Enterprise identifier" means a code that is uniquely assigned to an enterprise by an issuing agency. "Government's unit acquisition cost" means- (1) For fixed-price type line, subline, or exhibit line items, the unit price identified in the contract at the time of delivery; (2) For cost-type or undefinitized line, subline, or exhibit line items, the Contractor's estimated fully burdened unit cost to the Government at the time of delivery; and (3) For items produced under a time-and-materials contract, the Contractor's estimated fully burdened unit cost to the Government at the time of delivery. "Issuing agency" means an organization responsible for assigning a globally unique identifier to an enterprise, as indicated in the Register of Issuing Agency Codes for ISO/IEC 15459, located at http://www.aimglobal.org/?Reg_Authority15459. "Issuing agency code" means a code that designates the registration (or controlling) authority for the enterprise identifier. "Item" means a single hardware article or a single unit formed by a grouping of subassemblies, components, or constituent parts. "Lot or batch number" means an identifying number assigned by the enterprise to a designated group of items, usually referred to as either a lot or a batch, all of which were manufactured under identical conditions. "Machine-readable" means an automatic identification technology media, such as bar codes, contact memory buttons, radio frequency identification, or optical memory cards. "Original part number" means a combination of numbers or letters assigned by the enterprise at item creation to a class of items with the same form, fit, function, and interface. "Parent item" means the item assembly, intermediate component, or subassembly that has an embedded item with a unique item identifier or DoD recognized unique identification equivalent. "Serial number within the enterprise identifier" means a combination of numbers, letters, or symbols assigned by the enterprise to an item that provides for the differentiation of that item from any other like and unlike item and is never used again within the enterprise. "Serial number within the part, lot, or batch number" means a combination of numbers or letters assigned by the enterprise to an item that provides for the differentiation of that item from any other like item within a part, lot, or batch number assignment. "Serialization within the enterprise identifier" means each item produced is assigned a serial number that is unique among all the tangible items produced by the enterprise and is never used again. The enterprise is responsible for ensuring unique serialization within the enterprise identifier. "Serialization within the part, lot, or batch number" means each item of a particular part, lot, or batch number is assigned a unique serial number within that part, lot, or batch number assignment. The enterprise is responsible for ensuring unique serialization within the part, lot, or batch number within the enterprise identifier. "Type designation" means a combination of letters and numerals assigned by the Government to a major end item, assembly or subassembly, as appropriate, to provide a convenient means of differentiating between items having the same basic name and to indicate modifications and changes thereto. "Unique item identifier" means a set of data elements marked on items that is globally unique and unambiguous. The term includes a concatenated unique item identifier or a DoD recognized unique identification equivalent. "Unique item identifier type" means a designator to indicate which method of uniquely identifying a part has been N00104-26-Q-BH04 PAGE 8 OF 50 252.211-7003 (CONT) ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023) used. The current list of accepted unique item identifier types is maintained at https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/ds/unique-id.html (b) The Contractor shall deliver all items under a contract line, subline, or exhibit line item. (c) Unique item identifier. (1) The Contractor shall provide a unique item identifier for the following: (i) Delivered items for which the Government's unit acquisition cost is $5,000 or more; except for the following line items: Contract Line, Subline, or Exhibit Line Item Number Item Description < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > (ii) Items for which the Government's unit acquisition cost is less than $5,000 that are identified in the Schedule or the following table: Contract Line, Subline, or Exhibit Line Item Number Item Description < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > (If items are identified in the Schedule, insert "See Schedule" in this table.) (iii) Subassemblies, components, and parts embedded within delivered items, items with warranty requirements, DoD serially managed reparables and DoD serially managed nonreparables as specified in Attachment Number < > . (iv) Any item of special tooling or special test equipment as defined in FAR 2.101 that have been designated for preservation and storage for a Major Defense Acquisition Program as specified in Attachment Number < > . (v) Any item not included in paragraphs (c)(1)(i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) of this clause for which the contractor creates and marks a unique item identifier for traceability. (2) The unique item identifier assignment and its component data element combination shall not be duplicated on any other item marked or registered in the DoD Item Unique Identification Registry by the contractor. (3) The unique item identifier component data elements shall be marked on an item using two dimensional data matrix symbology that complies with ISO/IEC International Standard 16022, Information technology - International symbology specification - Data matrix; ECC200 data matrix specification. (4) Data syntax and semantics of unique item identifiers. The Contractor shall ensure that -- (i) The data elements (except issuing agency code) of the unique item identifier are encoded within the data matrix symbol that is marked on the item using one of the following three types of data qualifiers, as determined by the Contractor: (A) Application Identifiers (AIs) (Format Indicator 05 of ISO/IEC International Standard 15434), in accordance with ISO/IEC International Standard 15418, Information Technology - EAN/UCC Application Identifiers and Fact Data Identifiers and Maintenance and ANSI MH 10.8.2 Data Identifier and Application Identifier Standard. (B) Data Identifiers (DIs) (Format Indicator 06 of ISO/IEC International Standard 15434), in accordance with ISO/IEC International Standard 15418, Information Technology - EAN/UCC Application Identifiers and Fact Data Identifiers and Maintenance and ANSI MH 10.8.2 Data Identifier and Application Identifier Standard. (C) Text Element Identifiers (TEIs)(Format Indicator 12 of ISO/IEC International Standard 15434), in accordance with the Air Transport Association Common Support Data Dictionary; and (ii) The encoded data elements of the unique item identifier conform to the transfer structure, syntax, and coding of messages and data formats specified for Format Indicators 05, 06, and 12 in ISO/IEC International Standard 15434, Information Technology - Transfer Syntax for High Capacity Automatic Data Capture Media. (5) Unique item identifier. (i) The Contractor shall- (A) Determine whether to- (1) Serialize within the enterprise identifier; (2) Serialize within the part, lot, or batch number; or (3) Use a DoD recognized unique identification equivalent; (e.g. Vehicle Identification Number): N00104-26-Q-BH04 PAGE 9 OF 50 252.211-7003 (CONT) ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023) and (B) Place the data elements of the unique item identifier (enterprise identifier; serial number: DoD recognized unique identification equivalent; and for serialization within the part, lot, or batch number only: original part, lot or batch number) on items requiring marking by paragraph (c)(1) of this clause, based on the criteria provided in MIL-STD-130, Identification Marking of U.S. Military Property, latest version: (C) Label shipments, storage containers and packages that contain uniquely identified items in accordance with the requirements of MIL-STD-129, Military Marking for Shipment and Storage, latest version; and (D) Verify that the marks on items and labels on shipments, storage containers, and packages are machine readable and conform to the applicable standards. The contractor shall use an automatic identification technology device for this verification that has been programmed to the requirements of Appendix A, MIL-STD-130, latest version. (ii) The issuing agency code- (A) Shall not be placed on the item; and (B) Shall be derived from the data qualifier for the enterprise identifier. (d) For each item that requires item unique identification under paragraph (c)(1)(i), (ii) or (iv) of this clause or when item unique identification is provided under paragraph (c)(1)(v), in addition to the information provided as part of the Material Inspection and Receiving Report specified elsewhere in this contract, the Contractor shall report at the time of delivery, as part of the Material Inspection and Receiving Report, the following information: (1) Unique item identifier. (2) Unique item identifier type. (3) Issuing agency code (if concatenated unique item identifier is used). (4) Enterprise identifier (if concatenated unique item identifier is used). (5) Original part number (if there is serialization within the original part number) (6) Lot or batch number (if there is serialization within the lot or batch number). (7) Current part number (optional and only if not the same as the original part number). (8) Current part number effective date (optional and only if current part number is used). (9) Serial number (if concatenated unique item identifier is used). (10) Government's unit acquisition cost. (11) Unit of measure. (12) Type designation of the item as specified in the contract schedule, if any. (13) Whether the item is an item of Special Tooling or Special Test Equipment. (14) Whether the item is covered by a warranty. (e) For embedded subassemblies, components, and parts that require DoD item unique identification under paragraph (c)(1)(iii) of this clause or when item unique identification is provided under paragraph (c)(1)(v), the Contractor shall report as part of the Material Inspection and Receiving Report specified elsewhere in this contract, the following information: (1) Unique item identifier of the parent item under paragraph (c)(1) of this clause that contains the embedded subassembly, component, or part. (2) Unique item identifier of the embedded subassembly, component, or part. (3) Unique item identifier type.** (4) Issuing agency code (if concatenated unique item identifier is used).** (5) Enterprise identifier (if concatenated unique item identifier is used)** (6) Original part number (if there is serialization within the original part number).** (7) Lot or batch number (if there is serialization within the lot or batch number).** (8) Current part number (optional and only if not the same as the original part number).** (9) Current part number effective date (optional and only if current part number is used).** (10) Serial number (if concatenated unique item identifier is used.)** (11) Description. ** Once per item. (f) The Contractor shall submit the information required by paragraphs (d) and (e) of this clause as follows: (1) End items shall be reported using the receiving report capability in Wide Area WorkFlow (WAWF) in accordance with the clause at 252.232-7003. If WAWF is not required by this contract, and the contractor is not using WAWF, follow the procedures at http://dodprocurementtoolbox.com/site/uidregistry/. (2) Embedded items shall be reported by one of the following methods- (i) Use of the embedded items capability in WAWF; (ii) Direct data submission to the IUID Registry following the procedures and formats at http:/dodprocurementtoolbox.com/site/uidregistry/; or (iii) Via WAWF as a deliverable attachment for exhibit line item number < > , Unique Item Identifier Report for Embedded Items, Contract Data Requirements List, DD Form 1423. (g) Subcontracts. If the Contractor acquires by subcontract any item(s) for which item unique identification is required in accordance with paragraph (c)(1) of this clause, the Contractor shall include this clause, including this paragraph (g), in the applicable subcontract(s), including subcontracts for commercial products or commercial services. N00104-26-Q-BH04 PAGE 10 OF 50 WSSTERMDZ03 PRESERVATION, PACKAGING, PACKING AND MARKING The contractor shall preserve, package, pack and mark all items as cited below. Where specifications or standards are cited herein the latest revision of that specification or standard shall apply. 1. PRESERVATION REQUIREMENTS a. SYSTEM STOCK SHIPMENTS - The contractor shall preserve all items intended to enter the military distribution system for stock in accordance with the MIL-STD-2073-1, "Standard Practice for Military Packaging", Packaging Requirements Code specified in the Schedule. When a Specialized Preservation Code/Method of Preservation (MOP) (Table J-Ia) is specified, and one or more of the following packaging fields (WM, CUD, CT, UC) value is a 00 (numeric), the Specialized Preservation/MOP procedure and materials takes precedence. Contractors should disregard the LP field and third digit of the PACK field and use the Unit Container Level (UCL) to identify the level of packing protection the unit container meets for packing requirements. When HM = D, the item is regulated in accordance with Title 49 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR); when HM = N the item is not regulated for transportation. 1) When a specified packaging material has an associated Qualified Products List (QPL), the contractor shall use only packaging materials produced by a manufacturer listed on the applicable QPL. Barrier materials that have QPLs are MIL-PRF-131, MIL-PRF-81705, MIL-PRF-22191, MIL-PRF-3420 and MIL-PRF-22019. Sources for QPL material can be obtained from the Qualified Products Database at http://qpldocs.dla.mil/. b. IMMEDIATE USE/INSTALLATION AND PART NUMBER BUY SHIPMENTS - Government PCO or ACO approval is required to use the packaging standards outlined in this paragraph. Any national stock numbered (NSN) item required for immediate use (used or consumed within 7 days of receipt) or direct installation, or part numbered item (authority granted to ship without NSN) shall be preserved and packed in accordance with ASTM D3951, "Standard Practice for Commercial Packaging", for all shipments to a Continental United States (CONUS) government activity or contractor-owned facility. All material destined for overseas shipment (OCONUS) shall be preserved in accordance with MIL-STD-2073-1. c. GOVERNMENT-OWNED MATERIAL - In the event that the contract expires, is terminated, or completed, and Government-owned material is to be returned to the supply system, the contractor shall preserve and package this material in accordance with the requirements of paragraph 1.a. 2. PROTECTION FROM DEGRADATION DUE TO ELECTROSTATIC (ES)/ELECTROMAGNETIC (EM) FORCES a. When ASTM D3951 is authorized for packaging and the item is considered ESD Sensitive (ESDS), protection shall be in accordance with ANSI/ESD S20.20-2014, "For the Development of an ESD Control Program for - Protection of Electrical and Electronic Parts, Assemblies and Equipment (Excluding Electrically Initiated Explosive Devices)." b. When MIL-STD-2073-1 is specified and the preservation method code (PMT) in the solicitation does not specify ESD/EM protection (PMT = GX) and the contractor's proposed item of supply is subject to degradation from ES/EM forces, contractors shall provide recommended packaging data with their proposals/quotes. 3. PACKING REQUIREMENTS - The contractor shall pack as follows: Domestic Shipments (CONUS): Level B Overseas Shipments (OCONUS) (including Navy ships at sea): Via air, FPO, APO Level B VIA freight forwarder Level B Via surface Level A Exterior shipping containers for Packing Levels A and B are listed in MIL-STD-2073-1, Appendix C, Table C.II. Long-life reusable containers and wood containers are shipping containers which do not require overpacking for shipment. 4. MARKING REQUIREMENTS - All unit, intermediate and shipping containers shall be marked in accordance with MIL-STD-129. In addition, the following specific requirements apply: a. ADDITIONAL MARKING FOR SPARES ONLY - Each MIL-STD-129 label shall also include the following: 1) Procurement Instrument Identifier (PIID) - the 13-digit contract order n...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 5642302219
  - Email: THOMAS.M.FALCONE.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL
  - Phone: 564-230-2219

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: items, the unit price identified in the contract at the time of delivery; (2) For cost-type or undefinitized line, subline, or exhibit line items, the Contractor"s estimated fully burdened unit cost to the Government at the time of delivery; and (3) For items produced under a time-and-materials contract, the Contractor"s estimated fully burdened unit cost to the Government at the time of delivery. "Issuing agency" means an organization responsible for assigning a globally unique identifier to an enterprise, as indicated in the Register of Issuing Agency Codes for ISO/IEC 15459, located at http://www.aimglobal.org/?Reg_Authority15459. "Issuing agency code" means a code that designates the registration (or controlling) authority for the enterprise identifier. "Item" means a single hardware article or a single unit formed by a grouping of subassemblies, components, or constituent parts. "Lot or batch number" means an identifying number assigned by the enterprise to a designated group of items, usually referred to as either a lot or a batch, all of which were manufactured under identical conditions. "Machine-readable" means an automatic identification technology media, such as bar codes, contact memory buttons, radio frequency identification, or optical memory cards. "Original part number" means a combination of numbers or letters assigned by the enterprise at item creation to a class of items with the same form, fit, function, and interface. "Parent item" means the item assembly, intermediate component, or subassembly that has an embedded item with a unique item identifier or DoD recognized unique identification equivalent. "Serial number within the enterprise identifier" means a combination of numbers, letters, or symbols assigned by the enterprise to an item that provides for the differentiation of that item from any other like and unlike item and is never used again within the enterprise. "Serial number within the part, lot, or batch number" means a combination of numbers or letters assigned by the enterprise to an item that provides for the differentiation of that item from any other like item within a part, lot, or batch number assignment. "Serialization within the enterprise identifier" means each item produced is assigned a serial number that is unique among all the tangible items produced by the enterprise and is never used again. The enterprise is responsible for ensuring unique serialization within the enterprise identifier. "Serialization within the part, lot, or batch number" means each item of a particular part, lot, or batch number is assigned a unique serial number within that part, lot, or batch number assignment. The enterprise is responsible for ensuring unique serialization within the part, lot, or batch number within the enterprise identifier. "Type designation" means a combination of letters and numerals assigned by the Government to a major end item, assembly or subassembly, as appropriate, to provide a convenient means of differentiating between items having the same basic name and to indicate modifications and changes thereto. "Unique item identifier" means a set of data elements marked on items that is globally unique and unambiguous. The term includes a concatenated unique item identifier or a DoD recognized unique identification equivalent. "Unique item identifier type" means a designator to indicate which method of uniquely identifying a part has been N00104-26-Q-BH04 PAGE 8 OF 50 252.211-7003 (CONT) ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023) used. The current list of accepted unique item identifier types is maintained at https://www.acq.osd.mil/asda/dpc/ce/ds/unique-id.html (b) The Contractor shall deliver all items under a contract line, subline, or exhibit line item. (c) Unique item identifier. (1) The Contractor shall provide a unique item identifier for the following: (i) Delivered items for which the Government"s unit acquisition cost is $5,000 or more; except for the following line items: Contract Line, Subline, or Exhibit Line Item Number Item Description < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > (ii) Items for which the Government"s unit acquisition cost is less than $5,000 that are identified in the Schedule or the following table: Contract Line, Subline, or Exhibit Line Item Number Item Description < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > (If items are identified in the Schedule, insert "See Schedule" in this table.) (iii) Subassemblies, components, and parts embedded within delivered items, items with warranty requirements, DoD serially managed reparables and DoD serially managed nonreparables as specified in Attachment Number < > . (iv) Any item of special tooling or special test equipment as defined in FAR 2.101 that have been designated for preservation and storage for a Major Defense Acquisition Program as specified in Attachment Number < > . (v) Any item not included in paragraphs (c)(1)(i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) of this clause for which the contractor creates and marks a unique item identifier for traceability. (2) The unique item identifier assignment and its component data element combination shall not be duplicated on any other item marked or registered in the DoD Item Unique Identification Registry by the contractor. (3) The unique item identifier component data elements shall be marked on an item using two dimensional data matrix symbology that complies with ISO/IEC International Standard 16022, Information technology - International symbology specification - Data matrix; ECC200 data matrix specification. (4) Data syntax and semantics of unique item identifiers. The Contractor shall ensure that -- (i) The data elements (except issuing agency code) of the unique item identifier are encoded within the data matrix symbol that is marked on the item using one of the following three types of data qualifiers, as determined by the Contractor: (A) Application Identifiers (AIs) (Format Indicator 05 of ISO/IEC International Standard 15434), in accordance with ISO/IEC International Standard 15418, Information Technology - EAN/UCC Application Identifiers and Fact Data Identifiers and Maintenance and ANSI MH 10.8.2 Data Identifier and Application Identifier Standard. (B) Data Identifiers (DIs) (Format Indicator 06 of ISO/IEC International Standard 15434), in accordance with ISO/IEC International Standard 15418, Information Technology - EAN/UCC Application Identifiers and Fact Data Identifiers and Maintenance and ANSI MH 10.8.2 Data Identifier and Application Identifier Standard. (C) Text Element Identifiers (TEIs)(Format Indicator 12 of ISO/IEC International Standard 15434), in accordance with the Air Transport Association Common Support Data Dictionary; and (ii) The encoded data elements of the unique item identifier conform to the transfer structure, syntax, and coding of messages and data formats specified for Format Indicators 05, 06, and 12 in ISO/IEC International Standard 15434, Information Technology - Transfer Syntax for High Capacity Automatic Data Capture Media. (5) Unique item identifier. (i) The Contractor shall- (A) Determine whether to- (1) Serialize within the enterprise identifier; (2) Serialize within the part, lot, or batch number; or (3) Use a DoD recognized unique identification equivalent; (e.g. Vehicle Identification Number): N00104-26-Q-BH04 PAGE 9 OF 50 252.211-7003 (CONT) ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023) and (B) Place the data elements of the unique item identifier (enterprise identifier; serial number: DoD recognized unique identification equivalent; and for serialization within the part, lot, or batch number only: original part, lot or batch number) on items requiring marking by paragraph (c)(1) of this clause, based on the criteria provided in MIL-STD-130, Identification Marking of U.S. Military Property, latest version: (C) Label shipments, storage containers and packages that contain uniquely identified items in accordance with the requirements of MIL-STD-129, Military Marking for Shipment and Storage, latest version; and (D) Verify that the marks on items and labels on shipments, storage containers, and packages are machine readable and conform to the applicable standards. The contractor shall use an automatic identification technology device for this verification that has been programmed to the requirements of Appendix A, MIL-STD-130, latest version. (ii) The issuing agency code- (A) Shall not be placed on the item; and (B) Shall be derived from the data qualifier for the enterprise identifier. (d) For each item that requires item unique identification under paragraph (c)(1)(i), (ii) or (iv) of this clause or when item unique identification is provided under paragraph (c)(1)(v), in addition to the information provided as part of the Material Inspection and Receiving Report specified elsewhere in this contract, the Contractor shall report at the time of delivery, as part of the Material Inspection and Receiving Report, the following information: (1) Unique item identifier. (2) Unique item identifier type. (3) Issuing agency code (if concatenated unique item identifier is used). (4) Enterprise identifier (if concatenated unique item identifier is used). (5) Original part number (if there is serialization within the original part number) (6) Lot or batch number (if there is serialization within the lot or batch number). (7) Current part number (optional and only if not the same as the original part number). (8) Current part number effective date (optional and only if current part number is used). (9) Serial number (if concatenated unique item identifier is used). (10) Government"s unit acquisition cost. (11) Unit of measure. (12) Type designation of the item as specified in the contract schedule, if any. (13) Whether the item is an item of Special Tooling or Special Test Equipment. (14) Whether the item is covered by a warranty. (e) For embedded subassemblies, components, and parts that require DoD item unique identification under paragraph (c)(1)(iii) of this clause or when item unique identification is provided under paragraph (c)(1)(v), the Contractor shall report as part of the Material Inspection and Receiving Report specified elsewhere in this contract, the following information: (1) Unique item identifier of the parent item under paragraph (c)(1) of this clause that contains the embedded subassembly, component, or part. (2) Unique item identifier of the embedded subassembly, component, or part. (3) Unique item identifier type.** (4) Issuing agency code (if concatenated unique item identifier is used).** (5) Enterprise identifier (if concatenated unique item identifier is used)** (6) Original part number (if there is serialization within the original part number).** (7) Lot or batch number (if there is serialization within the lot or batch number).** (8) Current part number (optional and only if not the same as the original part number).** (9) Current part number effective date (optional and only if current part number is used).** (10) Serial number (if concatenated unique item identifier is used.)** (11) Description. ** Once per item. (f) The Contractor shall submit the information required by paragraphs (d) and (e) of this clause as follows: (1) End items shall be reported using the receiving report capability in Wide Area WorkFlow (WAWF) in accordance with the clause at 252.232-7003. If WAWF is not required by this contract, and the contractor is not using WAWF, follow the procedures at http://dodprocurementtoolbox.com/site/uidregistry/. (2) Embedded items shall be reported by one of the following methods- (i) Use of the embedded items capability in WAWF; (ii) Direct data submission to the IUID Registry following the procedures and formats at http:/dodprocurementtoolbox.com/site/uidregistry/; or (iii) Via WAWF as a deliverable attachment for exhibit line item number < > , Unique Item Identifier Report for Embedded Items, Contract Data Requirements List, DD Form 1423. (g) Subcontracts. If the Contractor acquires by subcontract any item(s) for which item unique identification is required in accordance with paragraph (c)(1) of this clause, the Contractor shall include this clause, including this paragraph (g), in the applicable subcontract(s), including subcontracts for commercial products or commercial services. N00104-26-Q-BH04 PAGE 10 OF 50 WSSTERMDZ03 PRESERVATION, PACKAGING, PACKING AND MARKING The contractor shall preserve, package, pack and mark all items as cited below. Where specifications or standards are cited herein the latest revision of that specification or standard shall apply. 1. PRESERVATION REQUIREMENTS a. SYSTEM STOCK SHIPMENTS - The contractor shall preserve all items intended to enter the military distribution system for stock in accordance with the MIL-STD-2073-1, "Standard Practice for Military Packaging", Packaging Requirements Code specified in the Schedule. When a Specialized Preservation Code/Method of Preservation (MOP) (Table J-Ia) is specified, and one or more of the following packaging fields (WM, CUD, CT, UC) value is a 00 (numeric), the Specialized Preservation/MOP procedure and materials takes precedence. Contractors should disregard the LP field and third digit of the PACK field and use the Unit Container Level (UCL) to identify the level of packing protection the unit container meets for packing requirements. When HM = D, the item is regulated in accordance with Title 49 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR); when HM = N the item is not regulated for transportation. 1) When a specified packaging material has an associated Qualified Products List (QPL), the contractor shall use only packaging materials produced by a manufacturer listed on the applicable QPL. Barrier materials that have QPLs are MIL-PRF-131, MIL-PRF-81705, MIL-PRF-22191, MIL-PRF-3420 and MIL-PRF-22019. Sources for QPL material can be obtained from the Qualified Products Database at http://qpldocs.dla.mil/. b. IMMEDIATE USE/INSTALLATION AND PART NUMBER BUY SHIPMENTS - Government PCO or ACO approval is required to use the packaging standards outlined in this paragraph. Any national stock numbered (NSN) item required for immediate use (used or consumed within 7 days of receipt) or direct installation, or part numbered item (authority granted to ship without NSN) shall be preserved and packed in accordance with ASTM D3951, "Standard Practice for Commercial Packaging", for all shipments to a Continental United States (CONUS) government activity or contractor-owned facility. All material destined for overseas shipment (OCONUS) shall be preserved in accordance with MIL-STD-2073-1. c. GOVERNMENT-OWNED MATERIAL - In the event that the contract expires, is terminated, or completed, and Government-owned material is to be returned to the supply system, the contractor shall preserve and package this material in accordance with the requirements of paragraph 1.a. 2. PROTECTION FROM DEGRADATION DUE TO ELECTROSTATIC (ES)/ELECTROMAGNETIC (EM) FORCES a. When ASTM D3951 is authorized for packaging and the item is considered ESD Sensitive (ESDS), protection shall be in accordance with ANSI/ESD S20.20-2014, "For the Development of an ESD Control Program for - Protection of Electrical and Electronic Parts, Assemblies and Equipment (Excluding Electrically Initiated Explosive Devices)." b. When MIL-STD-2073-1 is specified and the preservation method code (PMT) in the solicitation does not specify ESD/EM protection (PMT = GX) and the contractor"s proposed item of supply is subject to degradation from ES/EM forces, contractors shall provide recommended packaging data with their proposals/quotes. 3. PACKING REQUIREMENTS - The contractor shall pack as follows: Domestic Shipments (CONUS): Level B Overseas Shipments (OCONUS) (including Navy ships at sea): Via air, FPO, APO Level B VIA freight forwarder Level B Via surface Level A Exterior shipping containers for Packing Levels A and B are listed in MIL-STD-2073-1, Appendix C, Table C.II. Long-life reusable containers and wood containers are shipping containers which do not require overpacking for shipment. 4. MARKING REQUIREMENTS - All unit, intermediate and shipping containers shall be marked in accordance with MIL-STD-129. In addition, the following specific requirements apply: a. ADDITIONAL MARKING FOR SPARES ONLY - Each MIL-STD-129 label shall also include the following: 1) Procurement Instrument Identifier (PIID) - the 13-digit contract order n

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/77fe8a54385748cda085e8ba2c94c486/view)