---
layout: default
title: Post Deployment Yellow Ribbon Event Rio Rancho, NM 03 May 2026
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: a151abe5175249cfa7e79f310e00aa0e
---

# Post Deployment Yellow Ribbon Event Rio Rancho, NM 03 May 2026

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 16:57:13.753-04
- Solicitation Number: W912J326QA001

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial supplies prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.205, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. (i) This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number assigned to this action is W912J2-26-Q-A001. The solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ) from the United States Property and Fiscal Office for New Mexico, Purchasing and Contracting Division, Santa Fe, New Mexico 87508. (ii) This requirement is unrestricted with an applicable NAICS Code of 721110. Hotels (Except Casino Hotels) and Motels with a small business size standard of $40M. (iv) This requirement will be set aside to Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) Set-Aside (FAR 19.14) (vi) Delivery schedule shall be 03 May 2026. Lodging will be for the night of the 03 May 2026. (vii) Evaluation will be based on lowest price offeror meeting or exceeding the requirements specified in the Performance Work Statement. Please send proposals In Accordance With (PWS) the Performance Work Statement To be considered all bids must include the following: 1. Conformance to the Performance Work Statement. 2. Complete bid sheet (excel spreadsheet will be provided.) (viii)A firm fixed price contract award is anticipated. (ix) The Service Contract Labor Stands Wage Determination applicable to this requirement is attached. Offerors shall refer to the attached wage determination for the applicable labor categories and minimum wage/fringe benefit requirements. (x) The following additional agreement requirement(s) or terms and conditions determined by the contracting officer to be necessary for this acquisition: (xi) In accordance with DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports, the contractor shall submit their payment request electronically using the Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). The WAWF website is located at https://wawf.eb.mil. There is no charge to use WAWF. The following clauses and provisions are incorporated by reference into this solicitation. Full text is available at https://www.acquisition.gov. 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items 52.219-1 Small Business Program Representations 52.219-14 Deviation 2021-O0008 52.219-27 Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) Concerns Eligible Under the SDVOSB Program. 52.219-28 – Post-Award Representation 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights 252.204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials 252.204-7008 Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls and 252.204-7012 Safeguarding of Unclassified Controlled Technical Information 252.204-7015 Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support 252.204-7016 Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation, DFARS Provisions 252.204-7017 - Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation and DFARS Clause 252.204-7018 - Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services 252.211-7008 Use of Government-Assigned Serial Numbers 252.225-7031 Secondary Arab Boycott Of Israel 252.225-7048 Export-Controlled Items 252.225-7974 (Dev) Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime (DEVIATION 2020- O0005) 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports 252.232-7006 Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments 252.243-7001 Pricing of Contract Modifications 252.244-7000 Subcontracts for Commercial Items 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea (xi) DPAS Rating does not apply to this acquisition. (xii) Quotes must be received no later than the time and date indicated on this RFQ. Quotes must be emailed to the primary point of contact shown. It is your responsibility to make sure your quote is received. (xiii) Instructions to Offerors: 1. Quotes in response to this solicitation MUST include the Offeror's CAGE Code or DUNS Number. 2. Quotes must be valid until 03 April 2026. 3. Your pricing schedule must clearly annotate pricing or the words, "not separately priced" or "no cost" for each requirement identified. Omission of no cost line items may cause your quote to be non-responsive. Unit prices shall include all applicable fees, to include any non-exempt taxes. Offerors shall submit the following in order for their award to be considered responsive. a. Submit both bid sheet with all applicable lines filled out to include the total price. Service fees included. b. Provide a narrative and/or plan which demonstrates your company’s ability to provide the following, incompliance with the Performance Work Statement: i. Required conference space to include capacity and seating arrangements. ii. Required Audio/Visual equipment including set up. iii. Required catered meals, including quality and value consistent with the Federal per diem rate. iv. Required number of hotel rooms needed. v. The address of the venue/hotel vi. Required Childcare (xiv) All contractors shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for award of a contract. Offerors shall ensure SAM registration is active. The official SAM website is https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. Contractors are encouraged to complete SAM registration as soon as possible; the government may not delay award for the purpose of allowing a contractor time to register in SAM. It is the interested Offeror's responsibility to check beta.sam.gov for updated information. ***** The requested hotel rooms are estimated based on the expected number of attendees. The NMARNG will provide the successful offeror exact number of meals and rooms no later than 20 April 2026. ***** (xv)This solicitation is issued subject to the availability of funds. The Government reserves the right to not make an award as a result of this solicitation. Any award made will be contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds. (xvi) Submit offers in response to this synopsis/solicitation to Dangela.l.parsons.civ@army.mil. Offers received after 12:00 pm MST on 23 March 2026 may not be considered unless determined to be in the best interest of the Government. No telephonic inquiries will be accepted. Email any questions to Dangela.l.parsons.civ@army.mil. Questions are due by 18 March 2026 12:00 pm MST and all questions will be answered NLT 20 March 2026. It is the vendor's responsibility to check www.sam.gov for any updates or changes.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Dangela Parsons
  - Email: dangela.l.parsons.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a151abe5175249cfa7e79f310e00aa0e/view)