---
layout: default
title: CAROLINA BEACH INLET AND VICINITY, NC
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 39a92574d9804d098bfbed81d4e6314c
---

# CAROLINA BEACH INLET AND VICINITY, NC

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 11:32:56.567-04
- Solicitation Number: W912PM26QA024

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation – VIBRACORE SERVICES - CAROLINA BEACH INLET AND VICINITY Solicitation No. W912PM26QA024. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. Date of Issue: 12 March 2026 This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This combined synopsis/solicitation is being issued as a small business set-aside. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. This solicitation is a Request for Quote (RFQ). The associated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 541360 with a size standard of $28.5M. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Wilmington District needs a Contractor to perform a total of 25 waterborne vibracores, 2 land-based borings, and 207 lab test samples for this project. Following drilling operations, the Contractor shall carefully transport the core samples to a facility for processing. The soil cores shall be processed and field logs and photos provided to the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR). Following the receipt of the preliminary boring logs and photos, The Wilmington District will require at least 5 business days to review the logs and photographs to assign lab test sampling intervals. All borings (vibracore and land-based borings) shall be horizontally referenced to North American Datum (NAD) 1983 North Carolina State Plane Feet. The top and bottom of each boring shall be referenced to the MLLW vertical datum. Sampling procedures for all borings shall be accomplished in accordance with paragraph “Vibracore and Land-Based Drill Sampling.” Preliminary Drilling Logs, Draft and Final Drilling Logs for all borings shall be accomplished in accordance with paragraph “Drilling Logs.” In addition to the Preliminary Draft and Final Drilling Logs, the Contractor shall take detailed photographs of each boring to highlight changes in soil character. Laboratory testing on USACE-designated samples shall be accomplished in accordance with the paragraph “Laboratory Testing Procedures.” Performance Period: The Contractor shall mobilize to the site and begin drilling within 5-calendar days following SAW acceptance of the Accident Prevention Plan (APP). The entire work, including drilling, logging, photographing, laboratory analyses, and the Final Report (hard copy and electronic files) should be submitted within 180 calendar days from time of award. The resulting award issued from this request will result in one award. The solicitation can only be changed by formal written amendment issued by the Contracting Officer. The following documents have been provided: A21 - Combined Synopsis-Solicitation - VIBRACORE SERVICES - CAROLINA BEACH INLET AND VICINITY W912PM26QA024 - Final A21 - SOW CBI VC_20260303 A21 - WD 2015-4397, Rev 30, Dated 12-03-2025 QUESTIONS ARE DUE NOT LATER THAN 4:00 PM, EDT, 23 March 2026. QUOTES ARE DUE NOT LATER THAN 2:00 PM, EDT, 02 April 2026. SUBMIT QUESTIONS & QUOTES ELECTRONICALLY via email to BOTH diana.d.curl@usace.army.mil and rosalind.m.shoemaker@usace.army.mil. It is your responsibility to follow up and ensure quotes have been received by the Contract Specialist prior to the due date and time for quotes. INSTRUCTIONS Please read the instructions and all solicitation documents very carefully before submitting your bids. All Quote Submission Packages must include the following items: Signed Offer as well as signed amendments if issued. Technical Proposal per clause 52.212-2 of the solicitation: Evaluation of Award: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Issuance of award will be made to the lowest price offeror that is technically acceptable. Price Quote and Technical Proposal: Each offeror must submit both a Price Quote of each line item and a Technical Proposal via email. The technical proposal shall include information that clearly demonstrates the ability to meet all requirements set out in the Statement of Work (SOW). The Contractor shall include the technical information that is listed in provision 52.212-2 within the solicitation for submittal requirements. No hard copies will be accepted or evaluated. Both the Price Quote and Technical Proposal must be received by the closing date and time set forth within the solicitation. In an effort to reduce paper and cost, all quotes shall be submitted electronically. All submissions shall be in Adobe PDF format and shall be on 8 ½ x 11 size pages in no less than 10 pitch or 10 fonts. Offerors may use compression utility software such as WinZip or PKZip to reduce fie size and facilitate electronic transmission. Title your file(s) in the following format: W912PM26QA024_COMPANY NAME_PRICING W912PM26QA024_COMPANY NAME_TECHNICAL SAM Registration: Each prospective awardee shall be registered and be active in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award. If the Offeror does not become registered to receive contracts with an active Cage Code and show as active to receive contract awards in the SAM database in the time prescribed by the Contracting Officer (NLT due date/time of solicitation), the Contracting Officer will proceed to award to the next otherwise successful registered Offeror. Offerors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements via the Internet at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ or by calling 866-606-8220, Monday – Friday from 8am – 8pm EST. On-line Representations and Certifications may also be filled out at this website. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation. This announcement and written Request for Quote constitutes the only “Request for Quote” that will be made for this requirement. Combined Synopsis/Solicitation – VIBRACORE SERVICES - CAROLINA BEACH INLET AND VICINITY Solicitation No. W912PM26QA024. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. Date of Issue: 12 March 2026 This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. This combined synopsis/solicitation is being issued as a small business set-aside. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. This solicitation is a Request for Quote (RFQ). The associated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 541360 with a size standard of $28.5M. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Wilmington District needs a Contractor to perform a total of 25 waterborne vibracores, 2 land-based borings, and 207 lab test samples for this project. Following drilling operations, the Contractor shall carefully transport the core samples to a facility for processing. The soil cores shall be processed and field logs and photos provided to the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR). Following the receipt of the preliminary boring logs and photos, The Wilmington District will require at least 5 business days to review the logs and photographs to assign lab test sampling intervals. All borings (vibracore and land-based borings) shall be horizontally referenced to North American Datum (NAD) 1983 North Carolina State Plane Feet. The top and bottom of each boring shall be referenced to the MLLW vertical datum. Sampling procedures for all borings shall be accomplished in accordance with paragraph “Vibracore and Land-Based Drill Sampling.” Preliminary Drilling Logs, Draft and Final Drilling Logs for all borings shall be accomplished in accordance with paragraph “Drilling Logs.” In addition to the Preliminary Draft and Final Drilling Logs, the Contractor shall take detailed photographs of each boring to highlight changes in soil character. Laboratory testing on USACE-designated samples shall be accomplished in accordance with the paragraph “Laboratory Testing Procedures.” Performance Period: The Contractor shall mobilize to the site and begin drilling within 5-calendar days following SAW acceptance of the Accident Prevention Plan (APP). The entire work, including drilling, logging, photographing, laboratory analyses, and the Final Report (hard copy and electronic files) should be submitted within 180 calendar days from time of award. The resulting award issued from this request will result in one award. The solicitation can only be changed by formal written amendment issued by the Contracting Officer. The following documents have been provided: A21 - Combined Synopsis-Solicitation - VIBRACORE SERVICES - CAROLINA BEACH INLET AND VICINITY W912PM26QA024 - Final A21 - SOW CBI VC_20260303 A21 - WD 2015-4397, Rev 30, Dated 12-03-2025 QUESTIONS ARE DUE NOT LATER THAN 4:00 PM, EDT, 23 March 2026. QUOTES ARE DUE NOT LATER THAN 2:00 PM, EDT, 02 April 2026. SUBMIT QUESTIONS & QUOTES ELECTRONICALLY via email to BOTH diana.d.curl@usace.army.mil and rosalind.m.shoemaker@usace.army.mil. It is your responsibility to follow up and ensure quotes have been received by the Contract Specialist prior to the due date and time for quotes. INSTRUCTIONS Please read the instructions and all solicitation documents very carefully before submitting your bids. All Quote Submission Packages must include the following items: Signed Offer as well as signed amendments if issued. Technical Proposal per clause 52.212-2 of the solicitation: Evaluation of Award: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. Issuance of award will be made to the lowest price offeror that is technically acceptable. Price Quote and Technical Proposal: Each offeror must submit both a Price Quote of each line item and a Technical Proposal via email. The technical proposal shall include information that clearly demonstrates the ability to meet all requirements set out in the Statement of Work (SOW). The Contractor shall include the technical information that is listed in provision 52.212-2 within the solicitation for submittal requirements. No hard copies will be accepted or evaluated. Both the Price Quote and Technical Proposal must be received by the closing date and time set forth within the solicitation. In an effort to reduce paper and cost, all quotes shall be submitted electronically. All submissions shall be in Adobe PDF format and shall be on 8 ½ x 11 size pages in no less than 10 pitch or 10 fonts. Offerors may use compression utility software such as WinZip or PKZip to reduce fie size and facilitate electronic transmission. Title your file(s) in the following format: W912PM26QA024_COMPANY NAME_PRICING W912PM26QA024_COMPANY NAME_TECHNICAL SAM Registration: Each prospective awardee shall be registered and be active in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award. If the Offeror does not become registered to receive contracts with an active Cage Code and show as active to receive contract awards in the SAM database in the time prescribed by the Contracting Officer (NLT due date/time of solicitation), the Contracting Officer will proceed to award to the next otherwise successful registered Offeror. Offerors may obtain information on registration and annual confirmation requirements via the Internet at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ or by calling 866-606-8220, Monday – Friday from 8am – 8pm EST. On-line Representations and Certifications may also be filled out at this website. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation. This announcement and written Request for Quote constitutes the only “Request for Quote” that will be made for this requirement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Diana Curl
  - Email: diana.d.curl@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 9102514915
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Rosalind M. Shoemaker
  - Email: rosalind.m.shoemaker@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 9102514436

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/39a92574d9804d098bfbed81d4e6314c/view)