---
layout: default
title: Z2DA--657-24-110JB - FCA Replace Roofs on Buildings 1, 52, 53
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 50fcdfec2f0c4e8b84698d046a5a2a96
---

# Z2DA--657-24-110JB - FCA Replace Roofs on Buildings 1, 52, 53

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-30 17:46:35.438-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526R0041
- Awardee: null

## Summary

657-24-110JB FCA - Replace Roofs on Buildings 1, 52, 53 STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) for CONSTRUCTION PROJECT: This contract is for CONSTRUCTION services for the work required to replace the existing roofs on Building 1, 52, and 53, per the contract documents created by the AE (Toland Mizell Molnar LLC). Description: The primary objective of this project is the replacement of the existing roofs on Buildings 1, 52, and 53 at the St. Louis Medical Center, Jefferson Barracks. This roof replacement project is intended to rectify deficiencies identified in the current Facility Condition Assessment (FCA) Report (#77963, #78376, and #78408). The goal is to implement the roofing solution generated by the AE to ensure the Medical Center is able to continue to operate and deliver a high standard of care to veterans for years to come. Building 1 (FCA # 77963): The area of existing roofing needing replacement equals approximately 30,000 square feet. The existing roof membrane is on an elevated wood framed platform and is nearing the end of the expected life of the roof. Building 52 (FCA # 78376): The area of existing roofing needing replacement equals approximately 35,000 square feet. The existing built-up roof with reflective slurry mop has a large quantity of cracks and is nearing the end of the expected life of the roof. Building 53 (FCA # 78408): The area of existing roofing needing replacement equals approximately 24,500 square feet. The existing built-up roof with reflective slurry mop has a large quantity of cracks and is nearing the end of the expected life of the roof. For all three buildings, the scope of work will include: Complete demolition and removal of the existing roofing systems, per the specifications and construction documents parameters. Installation of new roofing components, per the specifications and construction documents parameters. Generally, this will include roof deck insulation & new membrane systems, and any supporting components required to meet contract documents and potential necessary requests from St. Louis VA Medical Center, Jefferson Barracks during construction to account for differing site conditions. Note: Contractor to abide by all work & requirements set in the final release for construction project drawings and specifications. Project shall conform to all Records Management and Privacy Language. The period of performance for this project will be 365 days after NTP issue date.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kevin M Farrell
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: kevin.farrell@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/50fcdfec2f0c4e8b84698d046a5a2a96/view)