---
layout: default
title: NOZZLE SEGMENT,TURB
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 816aef08a02b43b6b0a0992b12f272cd
---

# NOZZLE SEGMENT,TURB

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-30 04:49:28.972-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRMM126QME13

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|x||x|||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT (COMBO)||tbd|SPRMM1|tbd|tbd|tbd|tbd|||tbd|||||tbd| MANDATORY USE OF WORKFLOW PRO (WFP) MOD ASSIST MODULE|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|x|x|x|||x|||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||x| This solicitation is being issued under SEPA-EAF Authority. 1. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders,task orders, Delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 2. Drawings or technical data are not available for this item. 3. Delivery days___________ARO 4. Offer valid for _____ days. At this time, DLA is requesting all quote validity to be a minimum of 60 days, if able. 5. When submitting quotes via EDI, make sure you specify any exceptions (i.e. Mil specs/standards, packaging, I&A, packaging houses etc) or follow up with a hard copy of the exceptions. If nothing is indicated or received, award will be based upon solicitation requirements. Changes or requests for changes after award will have consideration costs deducted on modifications. 6. If you are not the manufacturer of the material you are offering, you must state who the OEM is (cage code) and the part number you are offering. 7. Please provide an email address for follow up communications. _______________________________________________________________________ 8. It is recommended that vendors provide contact information to NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg in order to receive automated notifications fromNavy Electronic Commerce Online (NECO) when contracts/modifications are issued by DLA MaritimeMechanicsburg and posted on EDA. To receive these notifications, contact: NAVSUPWSS code 025, procurement systems design and contract support division Via email at NAVSUPWSSITIMPHelpdesk@navy.mil. Please include the following information with your request: CAGE code, company name, address and POC with phone number and email address. 9. Contractors can view their orders, contracts and modifications at the Electronic Document Access (EDA) web tool. This web tool is located at the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website. It is recommended that the contractor register for EDA at https://piee.eb.mil/. Click on new user and registration. Any order resulting from this Request for Quotation will require electronic submittal of Receiving Report and Invoices through PIEE-WAWF. 10. The following DLA Procurement Notes are applicable to this requirement: E06 Inspection and Acceptance at Source (JUN 2018) INSPECTION OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ________________________________________________________________________ INSPECTION OF PACKAGING AND FINAL ACCEPTANCE OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ___________________________________________________________________ 11. UCF SECTION F PRODUCTION FACILITY CHANGES (a) The performance of any of the work contracted for in any place other thanthat named in the contract is prohibited unless specifically approved by the Contracting Officer. Written requests for a change in production facilities must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Officer.Changes in productionfacilities may be approved, provided: (1) Performance by small business or in labor surplus areas as required by the contract will not be changed; (2) The change will not cause a delay in delivery or necessitate a change in the purchase description; (3) The free on board (f.o.b.) point is not changed; and (4) Each request is supported by a price reduction of $250.00 to cover the Government's administrative costs to process the change. (b) The Government reserves the right to deny approval even if these four elements are met. 12. DFARS 252.225-7050, Disclosure of ownership or control by the Government of a country that is a state sponsor of terrorism, is hereby incorporated into the solicitation. 13. Award evaluations will be made using the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) criteria per DFARS 215.101-2-70(a)(1)(i). \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the NOZZLE SEGMENT,TURB . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS - NOT APPLICABLE 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The NOZZLE SEGMENT,TURB furnished under this contract/purchase order shall be the design represented by Cage Code(s) reference number(s). Cage _______ ref. no. ;1N8S8 10-10090-01;

3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-130, REV K, 15 JAN 00.; .

3.3 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.2 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Electronic Mail: DAVID.1.MONTEITH@DLA.MIL
  - Email: DAVID.1.MONTEITH@DLA.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/816aef08a02b43b6b0a0992b12f272cd/view)