---
layout: default
title: Pre-Solicitation Notice - Intent to Award a Sole Source Contract: Vibration Research Corp – Vibration Test System
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 0712396a5883498c8a25f039a7e2bb7d
---

# Pre-Solicitation Notice - Intent to Award a Sole Source Contract: Vibration Research Corp – Vibration Test System

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 18:35:28.295-04
- Solicitation Number: F1S0AY6085A001

## Summary

This is a pre-solicitation notice; this is not a solicitation for a Request for Proposal, Invitation to Bid, or a commitment, implied or otherwise, that AFTC/PZZF will take procurement action in the matter. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this pre-solicitation notice or any follow-up information requests. The purpose of this pre-solicitation notice is to notify industry of the USAF’s intent of contract action and possibly gain knowledge of other potentially qualified sources and their size classifications (small business, large business, etc.) Please do not request a copy of solicitation, as one does not exist. The AFTC Contracting Directorate (AFTC/PZZF), Edwards AFB intends to issue a sole source, Firm-Fixed Price Contract under the authority of 10 United States Code (USC) 3204(a)(1), as implemented by RFO 6.103-1(b) to Vibration Research Corp 1294 Chicago DR Jenison, Michigan 49428. The applicable NAICS Code is 334516 Analytical Laboratory Instrument Manufacturing with a size standard of 1,000 employees. The following is a brief description of the acquisition requirements: This requirement is for the purchase of a Vibration Research Corp’s Vibration Test System: P/N 9704 Vibration Test System P/N VR9700P - VR9700 Hardware Unit 1 Signal Processing Hardware Unit with 4 Analog Inputs available per unit (combine units up to 128 inputs) and 2 Analog Outputs (Drive) available. Inputs and outputs purchased separately. P/N VR9704 - 4 analog inputs P/N VR10UT - One analog output P/N VR9100 - SINE I VibrationVIEW I Includes notching, multi-channel extremal control. and COLA I Standard frequency up to 4,9001-iz P/N VR9103 - HIGH-FREQUENCY SINE I VibrationVIEW I Extends frequency from 4,900Hz lo 50,000Hz I Requires VR9100 P/N VR9106 - ACCELEROMETER CALIBRATION VERIFICATION I VibrationVIEW I VR9103 recommended for accelerometers rated over 4,900Hz I Requires VR9100, a minimum of 2 input channels, and a reference accelerometer. P/N VR9200 - RANDOM I VibrationVIEW I Includes notching and mul1l-channe1 extremal control I Standard frequency up to 4,900Hz P/N VR9300 - SH OCK I VibrationVIEW I Standard frequency up to 4,900Hz P/N VR700-FCI- Calibration Certificate with initial system purchase for one (1) Primary VR9700 Signal Processing Control Unit: Calibration traceable 10 NIST standards but is not accredited. (Accredited calibration is. available for an additional cost). P/N VR9700-HW - Three 13) Year Hardware Warranty for VR9700 controller hardware P/N VR95USA·Prem-l - One (1) Year Premium Upgrades & Support Agreement (U&SA) for controller Includes one (1) year or Automated Calibration Verification software, iDOF, Web & Email, Analyzer Functions, Math Traces and Calculator, and unlimited 1echnlcal support. Only Available In US and Canada. P/N VR9500-TC - Two attendees at a scheduled 2-day VibrationVIEW user training seminar. Valid for up to one year after purchase date. P/N VR4044 - 44 lb-I Shaker System rated at 44 lb-f pk Sine, 31 lb•f rms Random. Includes Shaker (0.51 Inch peak-to-peak displacement, armature weight 0.51 lbs, diameter 2.36", frequency range 2-7,000 Hz, {5) #10·32 mlg holes), Direct coupled linear Power Amplifier. Interconnect Cables and Hoses. Cooling blower (included) required for operation above 40 lb-f. P/N VR5200HF - 13 lb-f High Frequency Shaker System. Includes Shaker {rated at 13 lb· I pk Sine, 8 lb-f rms Random. 21 lb-I pk Shock.

0.50 Inch peak•to•peak dfsplaccmen1, armature weight 0.35 lbs, diameter 2.125". frequency range DC· 14,000 Hz, () KS-32 threaded holes around perimeter, (1) dual thread 110-32x.30, 6-32 thru hole in center}, Direct coupled linear Power Amplifier system. and Interconnect Cables & Hoses. Attachment 1 is a redacted Sole Source justification There are no solicitation documents; however, any vendors that believe they can meet the requirements described should submit a complete technical package, which provides clear and convincing evidence that they can meet the Government’s requirement. In addition, the response should include verification of the Offeror’s Representation and Certifications within http://www.sam.gov/. Further, the response should include any special requirements for a commercial contract (i.e. Commercial Financing, Warranty Provisions, Delivery Information, etc.) in accordance with RFO Part 12. All information furnished shall be in writing and must contain sufficient detail to allow the government representative to evaluate and determine if it can meet the requirement. The Air Force Test Center has appointed an Ombudsman to consider, and facilitate, the resolution of concerns from offerors, potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. Concerned parties should address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the Contracting Officer for resolution prior to consulting the Ombudsman. Additionally, the Department of the Air Force Ombudsman information will be included in any potential solicitation and contract for this acquisition. The AFTC Ombudsman contact information is as follows: Air Force Test Center Vice Commander 1 South Rosamond Blvd, Edwards AFB, CA 93524-3784. Phone Number (661) 277-2810, Facsimile Number (661) 277-7593, Email: aftc.workflow@us.af.mil. Responses must be received no later than (NLT) 4:00 p.m., Pacific Daylight Time, 08 May 2026. Responses should be submitted via email to: Contract Specialist, Jasmine Waterman; jasmine.waterman@us.af.mil or Contracting Officer, Christina Day; christina.day.6@us.af.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jasmine Waterman
  - Email: jasmine.waterman@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Christina Day
  - Email: christina.day.6@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: is a redacted Sole Source justification There are no solicitation documents; however, any vendors that believe they can meet the requirements described should submit a complete technical package, which provides clear and convincing evidence that they can meet the Government’s requirement. In addition, the response should include verification of the Offeror’s Representation and Certifications within http://www.sam.gov/. Further, the response should include any special requirements for a commercial contract (i.e. Commercial Financing, Warranty Provisions, Delivery Information, etc.) in accordance with RFO Part 12. All information furnished shall be in writing and must contain sufficient detail to allow the government representative to evaluate and determine if it can meet the requirement. The Air Force Test Center has appointed an Ombudsman to consider, and facilitate, the resolution of concerns from offerors, potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. Concerned parties should address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the Contracting Officer for resolution prior to consulting the Ombudsman. Additionally, the Department of the Air Force Ombudsman information will be included in any potential solicitation and contract for this acquisition. The AFTC Ombudsman contact information is as follows: Air Force Test Center Vice Commander 1 South Rosamond Blvd, Edwards AFB, CA 93524-3784. Phone Number (661) 277-2810, Facsimile Number (661) 277-7593, Email: aftc.workflow@us.af.mil. Responses must be received no later than (NLT) 4:00 p.m., Pacific Daylight Time, 08 May 2026. Responses should be submitted via email to: Contract Specialist, Jasmine Waterman; jasmine.waterman@us.af.mil or Contracting Officer, Christina Day; christina.day.6@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0712396a5883498c8a25f039a7e2bb7d/view)