---
layout: default
title: Aviation Maintenance Advisor
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 8e8bffcb619a4d1aab9892bc9fa81102
---

# Aviation Maintenance Advisor

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 13:15:17.203-04
- Solicitation Number: PSC-26-023-INL

## Summary

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUREAU OF INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AFFAIRS (INL) You have received this "Personal Services Contractor” (PSC) solicitation through the Department of State (DOS) Internet site. If you have any questions regarding this PSC, you may contact the DOS Official named in this solicitation. The Department is not responsible for any data and/or text not received when retrieving this document electronically. Amendments to solicitation documents generally contain information critical to the submission of an application. Position Title: Aviation Maintenance Advisor Location: Lima, Peru Salary Level: FS-02 - $102,409-$150,391 (Equivalent GS-14) Period of performance: The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. Issuance Date: Wednesday, April 08, 2026 Closing Date: Wednesday, April 22, 2026 Closing Time: 3:00 PM ET Solicitation Number: PSC-26-023-INL Job description: See below Dear Prospective Offerors: The Department of State is seeking offers from qualified U.S. citizens to provide personal services for the subject position under a personal services contract, as described in this solicitation. Submittals must be in accordance with the attached information at the place and time specified. Applicants interested in applying for this position MUST submit the following materials: 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Complete resume. In order to fully evaluate your offer your resume must include: a. Paid a non-paid experience, job title, location(s), dates held (month/year), and hours worked per week for each position. Dates (month/year) and locations for any overseas experience must also be detailed. Any experience that does not include dates (month/year), locations, and hours per week will not be counted towards meeting the solicitation requirements. b. Specific duties performed that fully detail the level and complexity of the work. c. Names and contact information (phone and email) of your current and/or previous supervisor(s). d. Education and any other qualifications including job-related training courses, job-related skills, or job-related honors, awards or accomplishments. e. U.S. Citizenship Note: Resume must contain explicit information to make a valid determination that the candidate meets the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information needs to be clearly identified in the resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. 3. Evaluation Factor document specifically addressing: Each of the Evaluation Factors shown in the solicitation below. Responses must be limited to 500 words per Evaluation Factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Note: The Evaluation Factors are worth 70 out of 100 points. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have receive that are relevant to each Factor. 4. Professional References: Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Additional documents submitted will not be accepted. Incomplete or late offers will not be considered. Complete applications must be emailed to: U.S. Department of State, ATT: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team, INLPSCTeam@state.gov Sincerely, Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer, U.S. Department of State SUBJECT A solicitation for a Personal Services Contractor (PSC), Department of State (DOS), Bureau for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL). The United States Government (USG), represented by the DOS, seeks applications from US citizens interested in providing PSC services as described in this solicitation. PRE-AWARD ETHICAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSC (JUN 2011) This solicitation may result in the award of one or more personal services contracts as defined in FAR 2.101. Prior to contract award, all offerors or quotes must advise the cognizant Contracting Officer if they have a personal conflict of interest, such as a financial conflict, that would prevent them from either meeting the requirements of the clause entitled, “Post-Award Ethical Responsibilities of Personal Services Contractors,” or otherwise objectively performing their contractual duties upon contract award. HOW TO APPLY Offerors proposal shall be in accordance with the requirements stated in this solicitation at the place and time specified. A proposal will be determined non-responsive and ineligible for consideration unless all required documents and information are included in the submission. Offerors shall ensure their resume demonstrates their possession of the minimum qualifications outlined in this Solicitation, as well as their ability to fulfill all required duties. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred by the offeror during the solicitation process. NOTE REGARDING GOVERNMENT OBLIGATIONS FOR THIS SOLICITATION This solicitation in no way obligates the Department of State to award a PSC contract, nor does it commit the Department of State to pay any cost incurred in the preparation and submission of the application. Proposals must include the following and not exceed twenty (20) pages (additional pages will not be accepted or reviewed): 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Resume 3. Evaluation Factor Responses 4. Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Note: Your resume should contain explicit information to make a valid determination that you fully meet the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information should be clearly identified in your resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine your qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. Additional documents submitted beyond the requirements will not be accepted or reviewed. *** ONE PDF ATTACHMENT IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. Personnel Service Contract (PSC) Statement of Work (SOW) U.S. Embassy - Lima, Peru Aviation Maintenance Advisor FS-02 (GS-14 Equivalent) GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy, and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. INL’s Office of Western Hemisphere Programs (INL/WHP) is devoted to carrying out INL’s mission in the Western Hemisphere by working with INL Sections and Narcotics Affairs Officers in U.S. embassies throughout the hemisphere. In addition, INL works with other United States government agencies (such as the Department of Justice and the White House’s Office of National Drug Control Policy) and international organizations (including the Organization of American States’ Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission) to ensure the most efficient coordination of policy and program implementation. The Office of Aviation and Cross Border Programs, Aviation Division (INL/ACB/A) supports INL’s interregional aviation program, playing a crucial role in the USG’s efforts in waging an aggressive and effective attack against the foreign drug and crime threat. INL/ACB/A supports host governments worldwide in their efforts to locate and eradicate illicit drug crops, interdict illicit drug production and trafficking activities, and develop their own institutional counter-narcotics aviation capabilities. The purpose of this Personal Services Contract (PSC) position is to provide an in-country UH-60A+ and UH-1H II helicopter Aviation Maintenance Advisor (AMA) to support INL/Lima. The AMA is responsible for providing aviation expertise, program implementation, directions and execution oversight of U.S. government aviation support for host nation counternarcotics (CN) and counter Transnational Criminal Organization (TCO) efforts. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Lima-based SAA, or his/her designee, the Aviation Maintenance Advisor will perform the following duties: 1. Oversees INL/Lima aviation program support and liaises with the GOP aviation units for the purposes of conducting safety, logistics, maintenance, operations, and aircrew training. 2. Ensures compliance with INL/ACB/A Program Directives, Guide to Aviation Training and Standardization, and respective Aircraft Training Manuals by personnel from INL/Lima, the contractor, and the Peruvian National Police Directorate of Aviation (DIRAVPOL). 3. Manages all facets of aviation operations involving a fleet of USG rotary wing and fixed wing aircraft, which function within an integrated program supporting diverse counternarcotics missions. These missions include tactical transport, eradication, interdiction, CASEVAC, humanitarian assistance, logistics, resupply, replenishment, sustainment, and host nation aviation training. 4. Performs contract oversight as a Government Technical Monitor (GTM) on all aspects of contractor aircraft maintenance, and maintenance management of the INL/ACB/A Worldwide Aviation Support Services contract currently in force in accordance with DOS Contract Administration Procedures. Oversight includes but is not limited to reviewing and recommending approval of maintenance waivers to published directives, authorizing use of Aviation Division aircraft, and reviewing contractor administration flight maintenance operations procedures. 5. Submits periodic written evaluations to keep the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) informed, including required reports on the contractor’s performance and activities, and provides comprehensive input for award term evaluations of the contractor’s performance. 6. Oversees contractor performance in supporting aviation maintenance, operations, training, logistics and safety programs for the DIRAVPOL Helicopter Unit. 7. Assists the SAA and INL to develop, coordinate, organize, and implement comprehensive operational systems and procedures for the INL aviation program. These operational systems and procedures include but are not limited to the Aircrew Aviation Training and Standardization Operations Procedures for counternarcotic operations. 8. Implements and monitors INL/ACB/A aviation programs related to flight regulations, safety standardization, aircrew training, and maintenance oversight; collects and analyzes operational and maintenance data to inform decision-making, enhance safety, and improve program effectiveness; maintains current knowledge of INL and INL/Lima policies and procedures; and supports the standardization and evaluation of contractor and DIRAVPOL pilots operating across multiple forward operating locations. 9. Coordinates with host nation DIRAVPOL aircraft and personnel deployments within Peru required to support the unit’s training, support missions, and other missions authorized by the Chief of Mission. 10. Monitors and evaluates the training progression of aircrew and maintenance personnel and aviation support staff to ensure operational readiness, qualification standards, and effective maintenance recovery capability. 11. Oversees the Aviation contractor and DIRVPOL Maintenance Test Pilot Program. 12. Provides guidance to the PNP Aviation Directorate for operations and aircraft maintenance activities and personnel training. 13. Collects, reviews, and disseminates aviation maintenance management data, policies, and procedural updates to support continuous program improvement and alignment with INL/ACB/A directives. 14. Ensures INL Lima facilities are maintained in optimum condition. Verifies that the appropriate preventive maintenance is performed to minimize deterioration. 15. Develops and maintains professional and social relations with host government aviation sector officials to ensure close, cooperative working relations. 16. When required, performs the role of Duty Officer. 17. Performs other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAINING & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Completes the Contracting Officer Representative (PA296) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within 120 days of arriving at Post. 2. Completes the CMA 2410 Government Flight & Ground Representative (GFR/GGR course through DAU within 120 days of arriving at Post. 3. Completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within the first six (6) months of arriving at Post. 4. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) prior to deployment to Post. 5. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 6. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the US Embassy Lima, Peru. Frequent travel throughout Peru is required, to include high-risk areas. The Aviation Maintenance Advisor is required to travel 50% of the time to the Main Operating Base in Pucallpa and to the field for meetings, conferences, activity reviews, field inspections, and program evaluations. Most field sites are in areas that have been declared hazardous duty locations by the Department of State due to hostile activities of narco-traffickers. RELATIONSHIPS The Aviation Maintenance Advisor reports to and is supervised by the Senior Aviation Advisor (SAA), Peru. However, the individual exercises some latitude for independent action and refers unusual or unique actions to the INL Lima Advisor for his direction/guidance. Completed work is reviewed for timeliness and effectiveness. This is a field position, and the incumbent will perform oversight duties at various contractor locations during at least half of the period of performance. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the SAA or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government's requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The SAA will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY This position involves developing detailed plans, goals, and objectives for the long-range implementation and administration of the program, and/or developing criteria for evaluating the effectiveness of the program. Coordinating plans with various other groups including international donors, the U.S. Embassy, and the Government of Peru can be complicated. Projects require dynamic leadership, expertise and complex innovation, strict adherence to high-level policy without lower-level interpretive assistance, and the ability to single-handedly or in concert with a variety of other stakeholders resolve critical problems and achieve difficult goals that may impact other programs. They are broad in scope and complicated by many complex features, technical, administrative, or political in nature. This position involves providing aviation support, under Chief of Mission (COM) authority, to meet transportation and/or Foreign Assistance Aviation Program requirements. Aviation support includes fixed and rotary wing travel in support of COM personnel to multiple domestic and international locations. This position also monitors and evaluates the aviation support services contract on performance and maintenance. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS Guidelines consist of USG and Department of State Acquisition Regulations and accepted legal principles and theories. This position oversees maintenance support programs, plans, policies, and procedures. The position also coordinates the recommendations from staff officers and consults with the INL/ACB/A Chief of Maintenance regarding ongoing projects provide guidance to contract maintenance managers and oversees the implementation of the Maintenance Support Program. In addition, the Advisor must be able to determine application of basic administrative policy statements concerning the issue or problem under study. The Advisor must also consider and adhere to various other existing federal regulations, and the interaction between DOS policies, legislation, the Foreign Assistance Act, and other authorization and appropriations in the INL account, applicable National Security and Presidential Decision Directives, OMB Circulars, and Department of State financial operating procedures and policies. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s Degree from accredited institution: OR, a. An associate’s degree from an accredited institution and a minimum of five (05) years of experience in the aviation industry: OR, b. A minimum of ten (10) years of experience in the aviation industry. 3. A minimum of one (01) year of experience with the U.S. government contracting and demonstrated knowledge of Department of Defense (DOD) or DOS Foreign Assistance contracting. 4. Demonstrated in-depth knowledge of aviation maintenance, quality control and logistics support program, to include logistics plans, procedures, and related documents. 5. Demonstrated knowledge of US FAA regulations, including, but not limited to FAR Part 1, 61, 67, 91, 135, 141, 143, and NTSB 830. 6. Demonstrated knowledge of command communications, government intelligence procedures, and flight operations procedures. 7. Demonstrated knowledge of tactical employment of fixed wing and rotary wing aircraft in counternarcotic operations, including capabilities, limitations, and techniques of employment of aircraft used by the INL/ACB/A. 8. A minimum of ten (10) years of experience as a military or civilian aircraft pilot and aircraft maintenance supervisor/manager in a military or civil organization Demonstrated knowledge of aviation maintenance aircraft test flight procedures. 9. A minimum of two (02) years of experience in the formulation of plans and policies and procedures pertaining to operations and unit level training activities. 10. Demonstrated experience analyzing budgetary and operational data to recommend programming, training, equipment, and other measures to transition CN aviation support operations from INL to GOP responsibility. Experience assisting in Aviation Program budget formulation and execution, program planning, procurement requirements definition, and related documentation preparation. 11. Demonstrated ability to read and speak Spanish at the professionally proficient level. 12. Demonstrated experience effectively coordinating with host-nation counterparts, and aviation maintenance organizations in support of program objectives. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1: Contract Oversight (25 points) Demonstrated knowledge and experience in contract oversight: evaluating contractor performance of maintenance, training, and logistics programs; reviewing waiver requests for policies and procedures; and preparing performance reports and award term recommendations. Factor 2: Program Management in a Foreign Country (20 points) Demonstrated ability to direct contractor and host nation personnel to achieve program objectives combined with experience developing, coordinating, and implementing comprehensive aircraft maintenance and logistical support procedures. Factor 3: Maintenance and Training and Procedures (25 points) Demonstrated experience working with UH-60+A and UH-1H II aircraft to develop and coordinate comprehensive aircraft maintenance and logistical support systems and procedures. Demonstrated experience training aircraft personnel and overseeing/implementing contractor training programs. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in your not receiving credit for all of your pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 25 Factor #2 – 20 Factor #3 – 25 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant's writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee's FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker's Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: INL PSC Team
  - Email: INLPSCTeam@state.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. Personnel Service Contract (PSC) Statement of Work (SOW) U.S. Embassy - Lima, Peru Aviation Maintenance Advisor FS-02 (GS-14 Equivalent) GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy, and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. INL’s Office of Western Hemisphere Programs (INL/WHP) is devoted to carrying out INL’s mission in the Western Hemisphere by working with INL Sections and Narcotics Affairs Officers in U.S. embassies throughout the hemisphere. In addition, INL works with other United States government agencies (such as the Department of Justice and the White House’s Office of National Drug Control Policy) and international organizations (including the Organization of American States’ Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission) to ensure the most efficient coordination of policy and program implementation. The Office of Aviation and Cross Border Programs, Aviation Division (INL/ACB/A) supports INL’s interregional aviation program, playing a crucial role in the USG’s efforts in waging an aggressive and effective attack against the foreign drug and crime threat. INL/ACB/A supports host governments worldwide in their efforts to locate and eradicate illicit drug crops, interdict illicit drug production and trafficking activities, and develop their own institutional counter-narcotics aviation capabilities. The purpose of this Personal Services Contract (PSC) position is to provide an in-country UH-60A+ and UH-1H II helicopter Aviation Maintenance Advisor (AMA) to support INL/Lima. The AMA is responsible for providing aviation expertise, program implementation, directions and execution oversight of U.S. government aviation support for host nation counternarcotics (CN) and counter Transnational Criminal Organization (TCO) efforts. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the Lima-based SAA, or his/her designee, the Aviation Maintenance Advisor will perform the following duties: 1. Oversees INL/Lima aviation program support and liaises with the GOP aviation units for the purposes of conducting safety, logistics, maintenance, operations, and aircrew training. 2. Ensures compliance with INL/ACB/A Program Directives, Guide to Aviation Training and Standardization, and respective Aircraft Training Manuals by personnel from INL/Lima, the contractor, and the Peruvian National Police Directorate of Aviation (DIRAVPOL). 3. Manages all facets of aviation operations involving a fleet of USG rotary wing and fixed wing aircraft, which function within an integrated program supporting diverse counternarcotics missions. These missions include tactical transport, eradication, interdiction, CASEVAC, humanitarian assistance, logistics, resupply, replenishment, sustainment, and host nation aviation training. 4. Performs contract oversight as a Government Technical Monitor (GTM) on all aspects of contractor aircraft maintenance, and maintenance management of the INL/ACB/A Worldwide Aviation Support Services contract currently in force in accordance with DOS Contract Administration Procedures. Oversight includes but is not limited to reviewing and recommending approval of maintenance waivers to published directives, authorizing use of Aviation Division aircraft, and reviewing contractor administration flight maintenance operations procedures. 5. Submits periodic written evaluations to keep the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) informed, including required reports on the contractor’s performance and activities, and provides comprehensive input for award term evaluations of the contractor’s performance. 6. Oversees contractor performance in supporting aviation maintenance, operations, training, logistics and safety programs for the DIRAVPOL Helicopter Unit. 7. Assists the SAA and INL to develop, coordinate, organize, and implement comprehensive operational systems and procedures for the INL aviation program. These operational systems and procedures include but are not limited to the Aircrew Aviation Training and Standardization Operations Procedures for counternarcotic operations. 8. Implements and monitors INL/ACB/A aviation programs related to flight regulations, safety standardization, aircrew training, and maintenance oversight; collects and analyzes operational and maintenance data to inform decision-making, enhance safety, and improve program effectiveness; maintains current knowledge of INL and INL/Lima policies and procedures; and supports the standardization and evaluation of contractor and DIRAVPOL pilots operating across multiple forward operating locations. 9. Coordinates with host nation DIRAVPOL aircraft and personnel deployments within Peru required to support the unit’s training, support missions, and other missions authorized by the Chief of Mission. 10. Monitors and evaluates the training progression of aircrew and maintenance personnel and aviation support staff to ensure operational readiness, qualification standards, and effective maintenance recovery capability. 11. Oversees the Aviation contractor and DIRVPOL Maintenance Test Pilot Program. 12. Provides guidance to the PNP Aviation Directorate for operations and aircraft maintenance activities and personnel training. 13. Collects, reviews, and disseminates aviation maintenance management data, policies, and procedural updates to support continuous program improvement and alignment with INL/ACB/A directives. 14. Ensures INL Lima facilities are maintained in optimum condition. Verifies that the appropriate preventive maintenance is performed to minimize deterioration. 15. Develops and maintains professional and social relations with host government aviation sector officials to ensure close, cooperative working relations. 16. When required, performs the role of Duty Officer. 17. Performs other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAINING & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. Completes the Contracting Officer Representative (PA296) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within 120 days of arriving at Post. 2. Completes the CMA 2410 Government Flight & Ground Representative (GFR/GGR course through DAU within 120 days of arriving at Post. 3. Completes the Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course through the National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) within the first six (6) months of arriving at Post. 4. Completes the mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) prior to deployment to Post. 5. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 6. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the US Embassy Lima, Peru. Frequent travel throughout Peru is required, to include high-risk areas. The Aviation Maintenance Advisor is required to travel 50% of the time to the Main Operating Base in Pucallpa and to the field for meetings, conferences, activity reviews, field inspections, and program evaluations. Most field sites are in areas that have been declared hazardous duty locations by the Department of State due to hostile activities of narco-traffickers. RELATIONSHIPS The Aviation Maintenance Advisor reports to and is supervised by the Senior Aviation Advisor (SAA), Peru. However, the individual exercises some latitude for independent action and refers unusual or unique actions to the INL Lima Advisor for his direction/guidance. Completed work is reviewed for timeliness and effectiveness. This is a field position, and the incumbent will perform oversight duties at various contractor locations during at least half of the period of performance. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the SAA or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government"s requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The SAA will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COMPLEXITY This position involves developing detailed plans, goals, and objectives for the long-range implementation and administration of the program, and/or developing criteria for evaluating the effectiveness of the program. Coordinating plans with various other groups including international donors, the U.S. Embassy, and the Government of Peru can be complicated. Projects require dynamic leadership, expertise and complex innovation, strict adherence to high-level policy without lower-level interpretive assistance, and the ability to single-handedly or in concert with a variety of other stakeholders resolve critical problems and achieve difficult goals that may impact other programs. They are broad in scope and complicated by many complex features, technical, administrative, or political in nature. This position involves providing aviation support, under Chief of Mission (COM) authority, to meet transportation and/or Foreign Assistance Aviation Program requirements. Aviation support includes fixed and rotary wing travel in support of COM personnel to multiple domestic and international locations. This position also monitors and evaluates the aviation support services contract on performance and maintenance. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS Guidelines consist of USG and Department of State Acquisition Regulations and accepted legal principles and theories. This position oversees maintenance support programs, plans, policies, and procedures. The position also coordinates the recommendations from staff officers and consults with the INL/ACB/A Chief of Maintenance regarding ongoing projects provide guidance to contract maintenance managers and oversees the implementation of the Maintenance Support Program. In addition, the Advisor must be able to determine application of basic administrative policy statements concerning the issue or problem under study. The Advisor must also consider and adhere to various other existing federal regulations, and the interaction between DOS policies, legislation, the Foreign Assistance Act, and other authorization and appropriations in the INL account, applicable National Security and Presidential Decision Directives, OMB Circulars, and Department of State financial operating procedures and policies. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance (if applicable). (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required.) 2. Bachelor’s Degree from accredited institution: OR, a. An associate’s degree from an accredited institution and a minimum of five (05) years of experience in the aviation industry: OR, b. A minimum of ten (10) years of experience in the aviation industry. 3. A minimum of one (01) year of experience with the U.S. government contracting and demonstrated knowledge of Department of Defense (DOD) or DOS Foreign Assistance contracting. 4. Demonstrated in-depth knowledge of aviation maintenance, quality control and logistics support program, to include logistics plans, procedures, and related documents. 5. Demonstrated knowledge of US FAA regulations, including, but not limited to FAR Part 1, 61, 67, 91, 135, 141, 143, and NTSB 830. 6. Demonstrated knowledge of command communications, government intelligence procedures, and flight operations procedures. 7. Demonstrated knowledge of tactical employment of fixed wing and rotary wing aircraft in counternarcotic operations, including capabilities, limitations, and techniques of employment of aircraft used by the INL/ACB/A. 8. A minimum of ten (10) years of experience as a military or civilian aircraft pilot and aircraft maintenance supervisor/manager in a military or civil organization Demonstrated knowledge of aviation maintenance aircraft test flight procedures. 9. A minimum of two (02) years of experience in the formulation of plans and policies and procedures pertaining to operations and unit level training activities. 10. Demonstrated experience analyzing budgetary and operational data to recommend programming, training, equipment, and other measures to transition CN aviation support operations from INL to GOP responsibility. Experience assisting in Aviation Program budget formulation and execution, program planning, procurement requirements definition, and related documentation preparation. 11. Demonstrated ability to read and speak Spanish at the professionally proficient level. 12. Demonstrated experience effectively coordinating with host-nation counterparts, and aviation maintenance organizations in support of program objectives. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1: Contract Oversight (25 points) Demonstrated knowledge and experience in contract oversight: evaluating contractor performance of maintenance, training, and logistics programs; reviewing waiver requests for policies and procedures; and preparing performance reports and award term recommendations. Factor 2: Program Management in a Foreign Country (20 points) Demonstrated ability to direct contractor and host nation personnel to achieve program objectives combined with experience developing, coordinating, and implementing comprehensive aircraft maintenance and logistical support procedures. Factor 3: Maintenance and Training and Procedures (25 points) Demonstrated experience working with UH-60+A and UH-1H II aircraft to develop and coordinate comprehensive aircraft maintenance and logistical support systems and procedures. Demonstrated experience training aircraft personnel and overseeing/implementing contractor training programs. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in your not receiving credit for all of your pertinent experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 25 Factor #2 – 20 Factor #3 – 25 Total Possible – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant"s writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee"s FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker"s Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8e8bffcb619a4d1aab9892bc9fa81102/view)