---
layout: default
title: Youth Camp Medical Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 4d9183ef4f884d6abba564aa796f9fe1
---

# Youth Camp Medical Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-07 08:45:33.65-04
- Solicitation Number: W912JD26QA011

## Summary

The Maine Army National Guard (MEARNG) Child & Youth Program intends to conduct their annual Youth Camp. This camp provides confidence and team building training, along with multiple resources for military service members' children, for a two-week period in the State of Maine. This camp will have approximately 50 adults and 100 youth per week. This competitive solicitation is to be issued as: 100% set-aside under Small Business IAW 19.104 – Small Business Set-Aside The United States Property and Fiscal Office (USPFO) Contracting Office intends to award a firm-fixed-price (FFP) purchase order, resulting from this solicitation. Period of Performance (PoP): The Period of Performance must be from 11 July 2026 to 24 July 2026. Place and Performance of Services: The contractor must provide services between the hours of 0700 (7am) - 2100 (9pm) with on-call availability 24/7, except on recognized US holidays. Performance must be at Bog Brook Training Area, 27 Military Cir, Gilead, Maine 04217. The contractor must at all times maintain an adequate work force for the uninterrupted performance of all tasks defined within this PWS. Amendments: Amendments to this solicitation will be posted at: https://sam.gov/content/opportunities. Paper copies of the amendments will NOT be individually mailed. By registering to receive notification on Contracting Opportunities, quoters will be notified by email of any new amendments that have been issued. Potential Quoter's are advised that they are responsible for obtaining and acknowledging any amendments to the solicitation. Failure to acknowledge an amendment may result in your offer being considered unacceptable. Basis for Award: The Government intends to award a single purchase order to a responsible vendor whose quote represents the best value to the Government, with appropriate consideration given to three (3) evaluation factors. Technical, Past Performance, and Price, IAW RFO 12.203(a). Award may be made without discussions with potential contractors. Interested contractors are cautioned that the award may not necessarily be made to the lowest priced quote. Interested parties are cautioned that an unrealistically low price, as proposed initially or subsequently, may be ground for eliminating a quote from consideration, either on the basis that the offeror does not understand the requirement, or he/she made an imprudent offer. Evaluation will be\ solely on the information included in the quotation. Therefore, the quoter's initial quotation should contain the offerors best terms. After receipt of quotes, the Government will conduct an evaluation. However, during the evaluation process, the Government may, solely at its discretion, communicate with interested contractors regarding quote elements. Submittal of Solicitation Questions: Questions concerning this RFQ or requests for clarification shall be made in writing via email to the Contract Specialist, Daniel Bibeau at daniel.s.bibeau.mil@army.mil. The due date for questions will be 3:00 PM EDT on April 28, 2026. As soon as an Offeror is aware of any problems or ambiguities in interpreting the specifications, terms/conditions, instructions or evaluation criteria of this RFQ, the Offeror should promptly notify the Contracting Officer. It is preferred that only one set of questions be submitted by each Offeror instead of multiple sets of questions. When submitting questions and comments, please refer to the specific text of the RFQ in the following format: Subject: Youth Camp Medical Services, Gilead, Maine 04217 - RFQ No. W912JD26QA011 A written notice of award or acceptance of a quote, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful contractor within the time for acceptance specified in the quote, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the quote's specified expiration time, the Government may accept a quote (or part of a quote), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. Evaluation will be solely on the information included in the quotation. Therefore, the interested contractor's initial quotation should contain the contractor's best terms. After receipt of quotes, the Government will conduct an evaluation. However, during the evaluation process, the Government may, solely at its discretion, communicate with interested contractors regarding quote elements. The Service Contact Act applies to this contract and requires the Contractor and Subcontractor to pay the minimum locally prevailing wages and fringe benefits reflected in the applicable Service Contract Act. The following Service Contact Act have been incorporated and can be downloaded from SAM.gov. Wage Determination: 2015-4009. Rev No. 32. Dated 12-03-2025 Discussions: The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with offerors. Therefore, the offeror's initial offer should contain the offeror's best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest; accept other than the lowest offer; and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. To meet compliance with DFARS 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests, all Contractors must submit requests for payment (invoices) through PIEE. Additional information and registration for PIEE can be completed online at https://wawf.eb.mil /piee-landing/. Payment will be made by DFAS office designated in the contract. All payments will be made by electronic transfer of funds (EFT). The Government will make payment through PIEE upon satisfactory completion of work and the receipt of a proper certification for payment.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Daniel Bibeau
  - Email: daniel.s.bibeau.mil@army.mil
  - Phone: 2074306219
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Darlene HOWES
  - Email: darlene.r.howes.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 2074305608

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4d9183ef4f884d6abba564aa796f9fe1/view)