---
layout: default
title: 6640--Two Mobile Blood Bank Refrigerators
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ed8ad2421156433499e78d18d295a22e
---

# 6640--Two Mobile Blood Bank Refrigerators

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-14 18:23:32.71-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0638
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 4 of 4 THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) SOURCES SOUGHT IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR MARKET RESEARCH AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION. TWO MOBILE BLOOD BANK REFRIGERATOR DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a RFI only. The purpose of this RFI is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 333415 (size standard of 1250 Employees). Responses to this RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this RFI, a solicitation announcement may be published. Responses to this RFI synopsis are not considered adequate responses for a solicitation announcement. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), VISN 22 Network Contracting Office, is seeking sources that can provide Two Blood Refrigerators Laboratory Freezers that at a minimum meet the following salient characteristics with a brand name or equal product for the VA Southern AZ Healthcare System: Principal of Measure: Temperature in Celsius or Fahrenheit Temperature Range: Maintain storage temperatures between 1Â°C 6Â°C Capacity: Minimum Internal Dimensions Length:10 x Width: 7 x Deep: 10 Temperature Uniformity: +/- 1.0Â° C Mobility: Must be able to move easily on sturdy wheels Display: Visible temperature display on the outside Temperature Port: The equipment must have external temperature port ready for data loggers. Alarms Must have an audible and visual alarm for high and low temperature and low battery. Battery Run Time: Equal to or greater than 12 hours Recharge Time: 10 hours max External Dimensions: Maximum External Dimensions Length: 48 x Width: 24 x Height: 48 Voltage: 100-240VAC Frequency: 50-60 Hz Standards: Must be AABB (Association for the Advancement of Blood & Biotherapies) and FDA standards compliant product Energy-Star Certified Warranty: Must include 1-year manufacturer s warranty Brand name Info: BIOFRIDGE BFT-15 The information identified above is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive and to indicate the quality of the supplies that will be satisfactory. It is the responsibility of the interested source to demonstrate to the government that the interested parties can provide the supplies/services that fulfill the required specifications. 1. Responses to this Sources Sought must be in writing no phone calls will be taken. The purpose of this Sources Sought Announcement is for market research, to make appropriate acquisition decisions, and to gain knowledge of Small Business Capability, including Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses and Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB/VOSB) interested and capable of performing the work. 2. The NAICS for this requirement is NACIS 333415 Air Conditioning and Warm Air Heating Equipment and Commercial and Industrial Refrigeration Equipment Manufacturing, (size standard of 1250 Employees) 3. Interested and capable Contractors should respond to this notice not later than 10:00 am (pst) on 4/21/2026 by providing the following via email only to Joanne Woo, Contract Specialist, at joanne.woo@va.gov The subject line of the email shall include, RFI 36C26226Q0638 Mobile Blood Bank Refrigerator and COMPANY NAME (name of interested company) Please provide the information below: Company Name: DUNS Number: Address: Point of Contact Name: Phone No: Email: Business size information Select all that applies: o Small Business o Emerging Small Business o Small Disadvantaged Business o Certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act o HubZone o Woman Owned o Certified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (registered in VetBiz.gov) o Veteran Owned Small Business (registered in VetBiz.gov) FSS/ GSA Contract Holder Yes No FSS/ GSA Contract Number Effective Date / Expiration Date NASA SEWP Contract Holder Yes No NASA SEWP Contract Number Effective Date / Expiration Date (a) Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA or the NAC or are you a contract holder with NASA SEWP or any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. (b) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC or NASA SEWP contract holder or other federal contract holder, are the items/services you are providing information for available on your schedule/contract? (c) Please submit a capability statement that addresses the organization s qualifications and ability to provide and deliver the product within 30 days. Respondents are also encouraged to provide specific examples (e.g. contract number, point of contact information) of the Contractor s experience providing the same or similar supplies to that described above requirements. (d) Please provide general pricing of your products/services for market research purposes. 4. SDVOSB/VOSB respondents. (a) If respondent is VOSB or SDVOSB, respondent is encouraged to provide proof of vet certification. In addition, SDVOSB/VOSB Contractors are asked to acknowledge that they understand the limitations on sub-contracting pursuant to FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Sub-Contracting, which will be included in the impending solicitation. Further SDVOSB/VOSB contractors are asked to respond that they are capable of providing the requested services keeping within the parameters of this clause. (b) Small businesses, including SDVOSB/VOSBS, are also advised that per 13 CFR, Â§ 125.6 the prime contractor's limitations on subcontracting are as follows: (1) General. In order to be awarded a full or partial small business set-aside contract with a value greater than the simplified threshold, an 8(a) contract, an SDVO SBC contract, a HUBZone contract, a WOSB or EDWOSB contract pursuant to part 127 of this chapter, a small business concern must agree that: (2) In the case of a contract for services (except construction), it will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not similarly situated. Any work that a similarly situated subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the 50% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Please indicate if you would utilize a subcontractor in performing the requirement and supply the information below. Yes No The results of this market research will assist in the determination if a set-aside is in the best interest. Please complete this information for sub-contractor. Company Name: DUNS Number: Address: Contact Name: Phone No: Email: Business size information Select all that applies: o Small Business o Emerging Small Business o Small Disadvantaged Business o Certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act o HubZone o Woman Owned o Certified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (registered in VetBiz.gov) o Veteran Owned Small Business (registered in VetBiz.gov) 6. Please note that if VA s pending market research establishes that two or more VOSB or SDVOSB, who are certified in VetCert, can provide the product, VA will set aside the underlying solicitation per 38 U.S.C. Â§8127.Â 7. All Offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database found at https://www.sam.gov. Registration must include Representations and Certifications. --End of Sources Sought Announcement--

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joanne Woo
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: joanne.woo@va.gov
  - Phone: (562) 766-2256

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ed8ad2421156433499e78d18d295a22e/view)