---
layout: default
title: Draft RFP - Near Earth Orbit Network Program's Sounder for Microwave-Based Applications
agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 1532652f8b6b4229b8cf59c84b1f76ac
---

# Draft RFP - Near Earth Orbit Network Program's Sounder for Microwave-Based Applications

- Agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 13:18:26.651-04
- Solicitation Number: DRFP-NEON-SMBA-2025

## Summary

THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. NO PROPOSALS ARE TO BE SUBMITTED IN RESPONSE TO THIS NOTICE. This notice is issued by the NASA/GSFC to post a Draft RFP to solicit responses from interested parties. This document is for information and planning purposes and to allow industry the opportunity to verify reasonableness and feasibility of the requirement, as well as promote competition. This Draft RFP is for the Sounder for Microwave-Based Applications (SMBA) requirement. The principal purpose of this requirement is to design, develop, and support the SMBA instruments under the Near Earth Orbit Network (NEON) program. This presolicitation synopsis is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government, nor will the Government pay for the information submitted in response. The Government may not respond to questions/concerns submitted. The Government will use the information to finalize the RFP as necessary. All comments or questions shall be submitted electronically via email to Bruce Tsai at Bruce.B.Tsai@nasa.gov no later than 5:00 PM Eastern Time on May 9, 2025. When responding, reference DRFP-NEON-SMBA-2025. NASA Clause 1852.215-84, Ombudsman, is applicable. The Center Ombudsman for this acquisition can be found at: https://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/procurement/regs/Procurement-Ombuds-Comp-Advocate-Listing.pdf If a solicitation is released, then it and any additional documents will be available on Sam.gov. It is the offeror's responsibility to monitor this website for the release of the solicitation and amendments (if any). Potential offerors will be responsible for downloading their own copy of the solicitation and amendments, if any. NASA intends to publicize a listing of respondents to facilitate teaming arrangements. Should your firm desire not to be included in this listing, clearly indicate this desire in your response. Amendment 1: Virtual Industry Day - Please refer to the document entitled, "Post-DRFP Industry Day.pdf" for instructions Amendment 2: 1. Attach "SMBA Post-DRFP Industry Day Slides.pdf"; 2. Update the planned release timeframe for the final Request for Proposal to Calendar Year 2025, Quarter 4; and 3. Note: The Government may share major changes between the Draft and Final Request for Proposal as an amendment to this posting. Amendment 3: Extend the Draft RFP response date for vendor feedback to May 30, 2025. Amendment 4: The Government is contemplating a Firm Fixed Price contract with severable funding. This entails a Contract Line Item Number (CLIN) structure where funding must be obligated and expended within the timeframe specified by the appropriations type. Please provide feedback on: 1. Positive and negative effects on your business from this contract structure; and 2. Preferred CLIN structure in this scenario (e.g, broken out by milestones, etc...) To ensure your feedback is considered, provide feedback as soon as possible, even if it’s separate from the Draft RFP response. Amendment 5: 1. Update Attachment J - Contract Work Breakdown Structure; and 2. Add Enclosure 1 - Performance Evaluation Plan, Enclosure 2 - Cost Exhibits 1-7, Enclosure 3 - Past Performance Questionnaire, and Enclosure 4 - Financial Capability Disclosure. Amendment 6: Provide Attachment N documents: 1. Goddard Procedural Requirements (GPR) 7120.4E - Risk Management Procedural Requirements; and 2. 470-LEO-ANYS-0018, Revision -, Radiation Environment for the Low Earth Orbit Programs Division Near Earth Orbit Network Program Assets. Amendment 7: Potential offerors should continue the request in Amendment 4, but omit the portion addressing severability. This entails providing the feedback in Items 1 and 2 for a Firm Fixed Price contract type. Amendment 8: Post Questions and Answers 1-4 Amendment 9: Extend the Draft RFP response date for vendor feedback to June 30, 2025. Potential offerors should anticipate changes to the contract type among other aspects of the Draft RFP. The Government will release changes upon approval. Amendment 10: SMBA may start as a Cost Plus development but will transition to a Fixed Price contract type. The Government is also considering a multi-award with a down-select at approximately Critical Design Review. More information will be provided as soon as it becomes available. Amendment 11: The National Environmental Satellite, Data, and Information Service (NESDIS) perspective on the go-forward is the following: Multi-phase, Multi-select Acquisition Phase 1 Number of contractors: Up to two contractors Period of Performance: Through Engineering Test Unit (ETU) development and environmental testing Scope: Includes long lead items for ETU and Flight Models 1-4; and all associated reviews through Contract Data Requirements List (CDRL) item RE-13: ETU Test Summary Review Package delivery Contract Type: Cost Reimbursement Down-Select for Phase 2 Point in time: Occurs at approximately contract authorization to proceed (ATP) plus two years Evaluation Criteria: Will include Critical Design Review (CDR) package, ETU test data, forward plans, and other related items. However, these evaluation factors are not final and NASA reserves the right to change them at any time, up to and including the date upon which Phase 2 proposals are requested. Phase 2 Number of contractors: one contractor Period of Performance: Flight Model 1 forward Contract Type: Fixed Price The Government procurement team will proceed with this go-forward plan while the leadership chain is briefed. The go-forward plan may change during this process. Changes to the go-forward plan (if any) or contract documents will be posted as soon as they are available. Amendment 12: Given the changes to the SMBA contract type, the draft RFP response deadline is extended to September 30, 2025. This date will allow sufficient time for the Government to update its documents to align with the new approach and for potential offerors to provide feedback. Amendment 13: Post draft RFP update and extend the response deadline to October 6, 2025. The Government plans to conduct a virtual Industry Day regarding Amendment 13 on September 9, 2025, at 3PM EST. Please email the primary point of contact to participate. Amendment 14: Post the Industry Day presentation for Amendment 13. Amendment 15: Post DRFP Amendment 13, Questions and Answers 1 and 2. Amendment 16: Post Acquisition Strategy Change and Draft Request for Proposal Questions and Answers. Amendment 17: Post the Industry Day presentation for Amendment 16. Amendment 18: The Government will host a virtual Technical Industry Day on January 21 at 12:00 PM EST. Vendor one-on-one meetings will follow on January 21 and 22. To participate, please email the designated point of contact and include your availability for January 21 and 22. Amendment 19: Post the Industry Day presentation for Amendment 18 and associated Performance Requirements Document Questions and Answers. Amendment 20: Post Acquisition Strategy Update. Amendment 21: Post slides presented at the American Meteorological Society (AMS) and clarify that there will no longer be an explicit requirement for an Engineering Development Unit or Engineering Test Unit; instead, it will be an Engineering Development Program. The Final Request for Proposal will supersede any statement in Amendment 21. Amendment 22: Post Acquisition Strategy Update. Amendment 23: Mission Suitability Section L and M Update.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Bruce Tsai
  - Email: Bruce.B.Tsai@nasa.gov
  - Phone: 2406840428
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jerry Edmond
  - Email: jerry.edmond-1@nasa.gov
  - Phone: 3012869108

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Contract Work Breakdown Structure; and 2. Add Enclosure 1 - Performance Evaluation Plan, Enclosure 2 - Cost Exhibits 1-7, Enclosure 3 - Past Performance Questionnaire, and Enclosure 4 - Financial Capability Disclosure. Amendment 6: Provide Attachment N documents: 1. Goddard Procedural Requirements (GPR) 7120.4E - Risk Management Procedural Requirements; and 2. 470-LEO-ANYS-0018, Revision -, Radiation Environment for the Low Earth Orbit Programs Division Near Earth Orbit Network Program Assets. Amendment 7: Potential offerors should continue the request in Amendment 4, but omit the portion addressing severability. This entails providing the feedback in Items 1 and 2 for a Firm Fixed Price contract type. Amendment 8: Post Questions and Answers 1-4 Amendment 9: Extend the Draft RFP response date for vendor feedback to June 30, 2025. Potential offerors should anticipate changes to the contract type among other aspects of the Draft RFP. The Government will release changes upon approval. Amendment 10: SMBA may start as a Cost Plus development but will transition to a Fixed Price contract type. The Government is also considering a multi-award with a down-select at approximately Critical Design Review. More information will be provided as soon as it becomes available. Amendment 11: The National Environmental Satellite, Data, and Information Service (NESDIS) perspective on the go-forward is the following: Multi-phase, Multi-select Acquisition Phase 1 Number of contractors: Up to two contractors Period of Performance: Through Engineering Test Unit (ETU) development and environmental testing Scope: Includes long lead items for ETU and Flight Models 1-4; and all associated reviews through Contract Data Requirements List (CDRL) item RE-13: ETU Test Summary Review Package delivery Contract Type: Cost Reimbursement Down-Select for Phase 2 Point in time: Occurs at approximately contract authorization to proceed (ATP) plus two years Evaluation Criteria: Will include Critical Design Review (CDR) package, ETU test data, forward plans, and other related items. However, these evaluation factors are not final and NASA reserves the right to change them at any time, up to and including the date upon which Phase 2 proposals are requested. Phase 2 Number of contractors: one contractor Period of Performance: Flight Model 1 forward Contract Type: Fixed Price The Government procurement team will proceed with this go-forward plan while the leadership chain is briefed. The go-forward plan may change during this process. Changes to the go-forward plan (if any) or contract documents will be posted as soon as they are available. Amendment 12: Given the changes to the SMBA contract type, the draft RFP response deadline is extended to September 30, 2025. This date will allow sufficient time for the Government to update its documents to align with the new approach and for potential offerors to provide feedback. Amendment 13: Post draft RFP update and extend the response deadline to October 6, 2025. The Government plans to conduct a virtual Industry Day regarding Amendment 13 on September 9, 2025, at 3PM EST. Please email the primary point of contact to participate. Amendment 14: Post the Industry Day presentation for Amendment 13. Amendment 15: Post DRFP Amendment 13, Questions and Answers 1 and 2. Amendment 16: Post Acquisition Strategy Change and Draft Request for Proposal Questions and Answers. Amendment 17: Post the Industry Day presentation for Amendment 16. Amendment 18: The Government will host a virtual Technical Industry Day on January 21 at 12:00 PM EST. Vendor one-on-one meetings will follow on January 21 and 22. To participate, please email the designated point of contact and include your availability for January 21 and 22. Amendment 19: Post the Industry Day presentation for Amendment 18 and associated Performance Requirements Document Questions and Answers. Amendment 20: Post Acquisition Strategy Update. Amendment 21: Post slides presented at the American Meteorological Society (AMS) and clarify that there will no longer be an explicit requirement for an Engineering Development Unit or Engineering Test Unit; instead, it will be an Engineering Development Program. The Final Request for Proposal will supersede any statement in Amendment 21. Amendment 22: Post Acquisition Strategy Update. Amendment 23: Mission Suitability Section L and M Update

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1532652f8b6b4229b8cf59c84b1f76ac/view