---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought, Kit, ETWD Tube Temperature Display, NSN: 1025-01-606-1032
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 797695c8b18f4e78be62c091f3f4ee65
---

# Sources Sought, Kit, ETWD Tube Temperature Display, NSN: 1025-01-606-1032

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-21 12:36:28.854-04
- Solicitation Number: W912CH-26-R-0088

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice DESCRIPTION OF INTENT This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH SURVEY to request information for Government planning purposes only. The Army Contracting Command – Detroit Arsenal (ACC-DTA) is seeking to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities and qualifications of various members of the community, to include both small and large businesses, for production of the item identified below. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice/Market Research Survey will assist ACC-DTA in planning its acquisition strategy for a potential future acquisition. NOUN: Kit, ETWD Tube Temperature Display NSN: 1025-01-606-1032 PART NO.: 11582731 ESTIMATED QUANTITY YEAR 1: 478 EA YEAR 2: 111 EA YEAR 3: 111 EA YEAR 4: N/A YEAR 5: N/A END ITEM: 155MM Howitzer M777A2 TECHNICAL DATA PACKAGE: There is a Technical Data Package (TDP) associated with this procurement. It is distribution code D which limits access to Department of Defense (DoD) and U.S. DoD contractors only. The TDP will be made available to contractors when a sources sought is released and if/when a solicitation is released. To be eligible to gain access to the TDP, the vendor must have a current DD 2345, Militarily Critical Technical Data Agreement certification on file with the Defense Logistics Information Service (DLIS). If the vendor has a current certification, they are required to submit a request to access the TDP in SAM.gov. Access will be granted, pending verification of the contractor’s active registration in Joint Certification Program (JCP). Upon completion of the purposes for which Government Technical Data has been provided, the offeror, and all subcontractors, vendors, and sub-vendors of the offeror, are required to destroy all documents, including all reproductions, duplications, or copies thereof as may have been further distributed. Destruction of this technical data shall be accomplished by: shredding, pulping, burning, or melting any physical copies of the TDP and/or deletion or removal of downloaded TDP files from computer drives and electronic devices, and any copies of those files. FIRST ARTICLE TESTING: Yes NOTE: All survey input is voluntary, and no compensation will be made for your firm’s participation. Since this is a Sources Sought Notice, and not a solicitation for receipt of proposals or quotations, the Government does not encourage questions concerning this market research. Furthermore, the Government is not obligated to issue a solicitation or award a contract as a result of this announcement. INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLETING THE SURVEY You may respond in total, or in part, to this survey. However, all responses must be received no later than 01 May 2026. All completed surveys shall be sent via e-mail to: Kaitlyn Fruhner Contract Specialist, ACC-DTA E-mail: kaitlyn.n.fruhner.civ@army.mil Subject Line: Sources Sought, W912CH-26-R-0088 Relevant sales media and product manuals may be included as attachments with your submission. Please clearly mark all proprietary information. The front page of your response package should state "PROPIETARY INFORMATION CONTAINED WITHIN" (all caps), if applicable. Also, please provide a release statement indicating that the proprietary information may be distributed to Army personnel involved with this survey. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION & LABELING The Government acknowledges its obligations under 18 USC §1905 to protect information qualifying as confidential. Pursuant to this statute, the Government is willing to accept any trade secret or confidential restrictions placed on qualifying data forwarded in response to the survey questions, and to protect it from unauthorized disclosure subject to the following: Clearly and conspicuously mark qualifying data as trade secret or confidential with the restrictive legend “CONFIDENTIAL” (all caps), including any explanatory text, so that the Government is clearly notified of what data needs to be protected. In marking such data, please take care to mark only those portions of the data or materials that are truly trade secret or confidential (overbreadth in marking inappropriate data as “CONFIDENTIAL” may diminish or eliminate the usefulness of your response). Use circling, underscoring, highlighting, or any other appropriate means to indicate those portions of a single page that need to be protected. The Government is not obligated to protect unmarked data. Additionally, marked data that is already in the public domain or in the possession of the Government or third parties, or is afterward placed into the public domain by the owner or another party through no fault of the Government will not be protected once in the public domain. Data already in the Government’s possession will be protected in accordance with the Government’s data rights. Confidential data transmitted electronically, whether by physical media or not, whether by the respondent or by the Government, shall contain any restrictive legend, with any explanatory text, on both the cover of the transmittal e-mail and at the beginning of the file itself. Where appropriate for portions only of an electronic file, use the restrictive legends “CONFIDENTIAL DATA BEGINS:” and “CONFIDENTIAL PORTION ENDS”. In any reproductions of technical data or any portions thereof subject to asserted restrictions, the Government shall also reproduce the asserted restriction legend and any explanatory text. The Government sometimes uses support contractors in evaluating responses. Consequently, responses that contain confidential information may receive only limited or no consideration since the respondent’s marking of data as “CONFIDENTIAL” will preclude disclosure of same outside the Government, and therefore will preclude disclosure to support contractors assisting with the evaluation effort. QUESTIONNAIRE / SURVEY Vendor Profile. Please complete the yellow-highlighted fields below: COMPANY NAME: MAILING ADDRESS: CAGE CODE: POC NAME / TITLE: PHONE NUMBER: E-MAIL ADDRESS: WEBSITE: Business type for NAICS 336992 (Please check all that apply.) 8(a) Small Disadvantaged HUBZone Women-owned Large Business None of the Above. Please Explain: ________________ _______________________ Service-disabled Veteran-owned Small Business *If claiming small business status, the information must be verifiable in SAM.gov Please indicate if the NAICS code selected is appropriate, if not, please explain why. Nonmanufacturer Rule. To qualify as a small business concern for set-aside or sole source supply contracts, a small business must meet at least one of the qualifications listed below. Please indicate which qualification, if any, applies to your firm: Manufacture the product itself; or Supply a product manufactured by another small business if it is a nonmanufacturer; or Supply the product of any sized manufacturer if the Small Business Administration has granted a waiver to the nonmanufacturer rule. A current DD 2345, Military Critical Technical Data Agreement, must be on file with the Defense Logistics Information Service (DLIS) to access and view the TDP associated with this procurement. Does your firm have a current DD 2345 on file with DLIS? Yes: No: Approval Pending. Application submitted on: [MM/DD/YYYY] Requirement-specific Information. Please complete the questions below: (These are general questions. Please add or remove as applicable to your buy.) NOUN: Kit, ETWD Tube Temperature Display NSN: 1025-01-606-1032 PART NO.: 11582731 Has your firm manufactured this item for a U.S. Government agency in the past? If so, please list the contract number(s) and agency(s). Is your firm currently capable of manufacturing this item? Statements of your firm’s expertise should include reference to relevant contracts performed (including a description of the scope, quantity manufactured, and point of contact with phone number). If your firm was awarded a contract for this item, where would production take place? Does your firm have experience with first article testing (FAT)? If so, please provide a brief summary of the experience. What is your firm’s production lead time for this item after receipt of award? (Please respond in number of calendar days.) What is your firm’s minimum, normal and maximum sustainable monthly production rates for this item? What is your firm’s current price per unit for this item? Please identify your firm’s current quality management system. Also, is your firm independently certified in that system? Please provide a summary of the item’s commercial availability. Is there any other pertinent information that your firm would like to disclose? If so, please list below and/or include as a Microsoft Word (.doc or .docx) or Adobe Acrobat (.pdf) attachment with your submission.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kaitlyn Fruhner
  - Email: kaitlyn.n.fruhner.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5715884382

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: your submission

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/797695c8b18f4e78be62c091f3f4ee65/view)