---
layout: default
title: R702-- Collection of Structural and Functional MRI Data during Experiments Relating to Substance Use Disorders and Chronic Pain
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: db7162ae0b66450c9ca160b47e9c2465
---

# R702-- Collection of Structural and Functional MRI Data during Experiments Relating to Substance Use Disorders and Chronic Pain

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-13 10:40:49.242-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0367
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Announcement: This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY , it is neither a solicitation announcement nor a request for proposals or quotes and does not obligate the Government to award a contract. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. Responses to this sources-sought must be in writing. The purpose of this sources sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential sources capable of providing the services described below. Documentation on technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: Company name: (b) Address: (c) Point of Contact: (d) Phone, Fax (if applicable), and Email: (e) SAM Unique Entity ID: (f) Cage Code: (g) Tax ID Number: (h) Type of business, SDVOSB; VOSB, WOSB, small, large, etc., as appropriate: Must provide a Capability Statement that addresses the organization s qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the statement of work described below. Failure to provide sufficient information may result in the Government s inability to determine whether the respondent is capable. GENERAL STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITY ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE. Federal Supply Schedule Contracting # if applicable General Pricing The Department of Veterans Affairs, Washington DC VA Medical Center, located at 50 Irving St NW, Washington, DC 20422, the laboratory for Therapeutic Neuromodulation requires collection of structural and functional MRI data during experiments relating to substance use disorders and chronic pain. All interested parties should submit information by email only to jameel.gordon@va.gov. All emails must have as the subject line Solicitation No. 36C24526Q0367 Collection of Structural and Functional MRI Data during Experiments Relating to Substance Use Disorders and Chronic Pain . All information submissions must be received no later than 10:00 AM (EST) on March 30, 2026. STATEMENT OF WORK Data Collection of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) for Neuromodulation Research General Information Statement of Need and Purpose The laboratory for Therapeutic Neuromodulation at the Washington DC VA Medical Center (DCVAMC) requires collection of structural and functional MRI data during experiments relating to substance use disorders and chronic pain. Studies and Funding This contract supports two funded research studies: Low Intensity Focused Ultrasound for Chronic Pain: High Resolution Targeting of The Human Insula Grant: VA Clinical Science R&D Project #: I01CX002562-01A2 Low Intensity Focused Ultrasound for Tobacco Use Disorder: High Resolution Targeting of the Human Insula Grant: VA Clinical Science R&D Project #: I01CX002427-01A1 Period of Performance The period of performance for this service is for one base year with two (2) 12-month Option Periods Place of Performance Work associated with this contract shall take place at the contractor s office. The MRI scans will be performed at the DC VAMC and/or at the Center for Molecular and Functional Imaging (CFMI) at Georgetown University. The scans (de-identified) will be transferred to the Contractor via VA-approved encrypted flash drive. Scope of Work General Requirements The contractor shall furnish all the necessary services, qualified personnel, material, equipment, and facilities as needed to perform the Statement of Work below. The Contractor shall: Provide expertise in review of structural CT and MRI scans. Provide expertise in interpretation of structural CT and MRI scans. Level of Effort During the period of performance of one year from the data of award in addition to 3 one-year options, the contractor shall provide up to 91 hours of effort during the first period of performance of the contract. Each participant will undergo approximately 5 hours of scanning total across the course of their entire respective study. Specific Mandatory Tasks and Associated Deliverables Task 1: Baseline Brain CT and MRI Scan reading The Contractor shall review scans regarding presence or absence of any of the imaging exclusion criteria outlined in the research protocol. Reports shall be a research report and not a formal clinical evaluation. Deliverable 1: Reports on baseline brain CT and MRI readings in accordance with the research protocols Task 2: Structural MRI scan readings The Contractor shall review structural MRI scans, that are done after the experimental intervention specified by the protocol, for any structural changes compared to the baseline MRI. Reports shall be a research report and not a formal clinical evaluation. Deliverable 2: Reports on post intervention structural MRI scan readings as directed Task 3: Report incidental findings The Contractor will inform the VA Principal Investigator (PI) in the event of any incidental findings discovered on review of the MRI and CT scan. The Contractor will inform the PI so she can arrange the appropriate follow up and evaluation if indicated. Deliverable 3: Provide information on any incidental findings to the VA Primary Investigator within 24 hours of their identification. Inspection and acceptance criteria The COR and/or VA Primary Investigator will review all work performed by the Contractor data analysts including their reports and deliverables and determine acceptability by evaluating for accuracy and clear presentation. TASK Deliverable METHOD(S) OF SURVEILLANCE 1: Baseline Brain CT and MRI readings 1: Reports on presence or absence of any of the imaging exclusion criteria outlined in the research protocol COR and /or VA Primary Investigator will review the report and provide feedback to the Contractor 2: Structural MRI scan readings 2: Reports on any structural changes from baseline MRI COR and /or VA Primary Investigator will review the report and provide feedback to the Contractor 3: Report incidental findings 3: Repot of any incidental findings COR and /or VA Primary Investigator will review the report and provide feedback to the Contractor Other Considerations Key Personnel The Contractor is the key personnel identified for this requirement. Key personnel requirements shall be: Board certified radiologist Minimum of one (1) year experience in all the following: Structural CT and MRI methods in neuroscience research Demonstrated experience working with biomedical staff; Currently working within a University Information Security Plan Structural and functional MR images will be produced and securely transferred back to the VA in accordance with the studies data use agreement(s). Publications and Publicity The contractor shall contribute to data gathering and will be acknowledged in all scientific publications relating to the studies mentioned in this SOW. Confidentiality of Information Confidentiality of information is required. The government will not provide the contractor any information or data of a personal nature about individual(s) or proprietary information or data pertaining to an institution or organization which is confidential. Whenever the contractor is uncertain regarding the confidentiality of or a property interest in information under this contract, the contractor should consult with the Contracting Officer prior to any release, disclosure, dissemination, or public Changes to statement of work Any changes to this SOW shall be authorized and approved only through written correspondence from the Contracting Officer. Costs incurred by the contractor through the actions of parties other than the Contracting Officer shall be borne by the contractor. Contractor personnel The contractor shall be responsible for recruiting, selecting, hiring, and supervising all contractor personnel. The contractor's management responsibilities shall include all activities necessary to ensure the accomplishment of timely and effective support, performed in accordance with the requirements contained in the SOW. The director of ERIC has obtained UW Institutional Review Board (IRB) approval for the activities of the contractor data analysts. Security Data and Information System Security The contractor will require access to Department of Veterans Affairs computer systems. The contractor will receive only coded limited datasets, including unique study identifier and dates of testing, diagnoses, etc., utilizing VA-compliant procedures. The contractor will ensure the highest degree of security to protect personal and confidential data of participants from intentional or unintentional release, loss, or destruction. The contractor and contractor personnel shall be subject to the same Federal laws, regulations, standards, and VA Directives and Handbooks as VA and VA personnel regarding information and information system security. Data will be transferred, retained, utilized, and destroyed in accordance with VA and VHA policy including the following: (1) VA Directive and Handbook 6500, Information Security Program; (2) VA Directive and Handbook 6502, Privacy Program; and (3) VHA Directive 1605, VHA Handbook 1605.1 and 1605.2. Every effort must be made to avoid inadvertent breaches of confidentiality.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jameel Gordon
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: jameel.gordon@va.gov
  - Phone: none

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/db7162ae0b66450c9ca160b47e9c2465/view)