---
layout: default
title: Vibration Test System
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: cddbd0494378415eb3663e999e96bc16
---

# Vibration Test System

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 14:21:38.217-04
- Solicitation Number: FA860126Q0012

## Summary

****03/25/2026 - Reopening with an updated brand name justification and amended Solicitation – FA860126Q0012 0001**** ******03/03/2026 - Updated SOW and questions and answers document posted****** Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Instructions to Offerors – Solicitation FA8601-26-Q-0012 AFLCMC/PZI Installation Contracting Support Wright-Patterson AFB, OH 45323 Vibration Test System Department/Ind. Agency - Department of Defense (DoD) Sub-Tier - Department of the Air Force (DAF) Major Command - Air Force Material Command (AFMC) Sub-Command - Air Force Life Cycle Management Center (AFLCMC) Office - FA8601 AFLCMC PZIO Contract Opportunity Type - Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Product Service Code - 6640 NAICS Code - 333991 Place of Performance - Wright-Patterson AFB, OH 45433 Contract Specialist Contact - Dametria Walder (dametria.walder@us.af.mil) Contract Officer Contact - Claire Hess (claire.hess@us.af.mil) The Government reserves the right to award without discussions or make no award at all depending on 1) the quality of quotations received and 2) whether proposed prices are determined to be fair and reasonable 1. Description: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services in accordance with the formation in FAR 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This combined synopsis/solicitation is expected to result in the award of a firm-fixed-price contract for a Vibration Test System as described in the requirements section of this combined synopsis/solicitation and accompanying attachments. This solicitation incorporates FAR provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) FAC 2025?06, effective 01 October 2025; Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) Publication Notice (DPN) 20251110, effective 10 November 2025; and Department of Air Force Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DAFFARS) Air Force Acquisition Circular (AFAC) 2024?1016, effective 16 October 2024. This announcement constitutes the only combined synopsis/solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. An award, if any, will be made to the lowest priced Offeror who submits a proposal that: 1. Conforms to the requirements of the combined synopsis/solicitation 2. Receives a rating of “Acceptable” on the Technical Capability evaluation factor. 3. Contains the lowest total evaluated price (TEP), provided that the TEP is not unbalanced and is fair and reasonable. *Please include the total quoted price in the submission email or on a cover page of the quote. The combined synopsis/solicitation number of this requirement is FA8601-26-Q-0012 and is hereby issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ) using FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and FAR Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures. 2. Acceptable means of Submission: All submissions must be submitted electronically to both the Contracting Officer (Claire Hess, claire.hess@us.af.mil) and the Contracting Specialist (Dametria Walder, dametria.walder@us.af.mil), by Wednesday, March 11, by 1:00 PM EDT. Any correspondence sent via email must contain the subject line “FA8601-26-Q-0012, Vibration Test System.” The entire proposal must be contained in a single email, unless otherwise approved, including attachments. Please note: due to the email server, any emails that exceed 5 megabytes might not go through. Emails with compressed files are not permitted. Note that email filters at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base are designed to filter emails without subject lines or with suspicious subject lines or content (i.e., .exe or .zip files). Therefore, if the specified subject line is not included, the email may not get through the email filters. Also be advised that .zip or .exe files are not allowable attachment and may be deleted by the email filters at Wright-Patterson. If sending attachments with email, ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls, or .xlsx documents are sent. The email filter may delete any other form of attachments. A confirmation email will be sent once the proposal is received. If you do not receive a confirmation email within 24 hours of submitting the proposal, please reach out to the point of contacts listed on the solicitation. Submittal of proposals in response to this combined synopsis/solicitation constitutes agreement by the Offeror to all terms & conditions contained herein, which will also be the terms & conditions of any resulting contract. It is the Offerors responsibility to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. Clauses and provisions in full text may be accessed via the internet website https://www.acquisition.gov. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions or make no award depending upon the quality, price fairness, and price reasonableness of the proposals received. 3. Period of Performance: Delivery 12 weeks after date of award 4. Delivery Destination: Identified in SOW. 5. Delivery Type: FOB Destination (As defined in FAR 2.101 – Definitions, the seller or consignor is responsible for the cost of shipping and risk of loss). 6. Inspection and Acceptance: Both inspection and acceptance will be by the Government at Destination. 7. Requirement: Vibration Test System for the Air Force Institute of Technology 8. Contract Type: The anticipated award is Firm-Fixed Price. 9. Basis for Award: The Government will award a contract resulting from this RFQ to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforms to the requirements outlined in the Statement of Work and is most advantageous to the Government, lowest evaluated price of proposals meeting or exceeding the acceptability standards and other factors considered. 10. Technical or Quality: The proposal will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government’s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to offerors section of the solicitation. 11. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. 12. Required Proposal Items: Proposals may be in any format but MUST include: Proposing company’s name, address, SAM Unique ID, Cage Code, and TIN Point of contact’s name, phone, and email Proposal number & date Timeframe that the proposal is valid Total Price (Net 30), No Progress Payments Shipping (FOB Destination) Completed copy of Representations and Certifications (Attached) See Statement of Work for additional quote requirements 13. Important Notice to Contractors: Proposals MUST also contain a complete description of items offered and any technical manuals or literature to clearly show that the items meet or exceed the requirements outlined in the Statement of Work 14. Important Notice to Contractors: All prospective awardees are required to register at the System for Award Management (SAM) and to maintain active registration during the life of the contract. SAM can be accessed at https://www.sam.gov. Any award resulting from this combined synopsis/solicitation will include DFARS Clause 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests. Section 1008 of the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2001 requires any claims for payment (invoices) under DoD contract to be submitted in electronic form. Wide Area Workflow – Receipt and Acceptance (WAWF – RA) is the DoD system of choice for implementing this statutory requirement. Use of the basic system is at no cost to the contractor. Contractors must complete vendor training, which is also available at no cost at http://www.wawftraining.com. Prior to submitting invoices in the production system, contractors must register for an account at http://wawf.eb.mil/. 15. Additional Instructions to Offerors: The following paragraphs in the provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items, are tailored as follows: North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard are as specified in the solicitation document. Submission of offers is as prescribed in the text of this combined synopsis/solicitation. 16. Proposal Content: The proposals may be in any format, but shall consist of two separate parts, a technical proposal and a price proposal. 17. Proposal Detail: The proposal shall be clear, concise, and shall include sufficient detail for effective evaluation and for substantiating the validity of stated claims. The proposal should not simply rephrase or restate the Government’s requirements, but rather shall provide convincing rationale to address how the offeror intends to meet the listed requirements. Offerors shall assume that the Government has no prior knowledge of their facilities or experience and will base its evaluation on the information presented in the offer submitted. 18. Embellishments Not Desired: Elaborate brochures or documentation, binding, detailed artwork, or other embellishments are unnecessary and are not desired. 19. Technical Proposal: Describe how the offeror will provide for the Vibration Test System as described in the SOW. 20. Attachments: Solicitation – FA860126Q0012 Statement of Work (SOW)_ Dated 18 December 2025 Brand Name Justification Offeror Representations and Certification

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Dametria Walder
  - Email: dametria.walder@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Claire Hess
  - Email: claire.hess@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: may be deleted by the email filters at Wright-Patterson. If sending attachments with email, ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls, or .xlsx documents are sent. The email filter may delete any other form of attachments. A confirmation email will be sent once the proposal is received. If you do not receive a confirmation email within 24 hours of submitting the proposal, please reach out to the point of contacts listed on the solicitation. Submittal of proposals in response to this combined synopsis/solicitation constitutes agreement by the Offeror to all terms & conditions contained herein, which will also be the terms & conditions of any resulting contract. It is the Offerors responsibility to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. Clauses and provisions in full text may be accessed via the internet website https://www.acquisition.gov. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions or make no award depending upon the quality, price fairness, and price reasonableness of the proposals received. 3. Period of Performance: Delivery 12 weeks after date of award 4. Delivery Destination: Identified in SOW. 5. Delivery Type: FOB Destination (As defined in FAR 2.101 – Definitions, the seller or consignor is responsible for the cost of shipping and risk of loss). 6. Inspection and Acceptance: Both inspection and acceptance will be by the Government at Destination. 7. Requirement: Vibration Test System for the Air Force Institute of Technology 8. Contract Type: The anticipated award is Firm-Fixed Price. 9. Basis for Award: The Government will award a contract resulting from this RFQ to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforms to the requirements outlined in the Statement of Work and is most advantageous to the Government, lowest evaluated price of proposals meeting or exceeding the acceptability standards and other factors considered. 10. Technical or Quality: The proposal will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government’s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to offerors section of the solicitation. 11. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. 12. Required Proposal Items: Proposals may be in any format but MUST include: Proposing company’s name, address, SAM Unique ID, Cage Code, and TIN Point of contact’s name, phone, and email Proposal number & date Timeframe that the proposal is valid Total Price (Net 30), No Progress Payments Shipping (FOB Destination) Completed copy of Representations and Certifications (Attached) See Statement of Work for additional quote requirements 13. Important Notice to Contractors: Proposals MUST also contain a complete description of items offered and any technical manuals or literature to clearly show that the items meet or exceed the requirements outlined in the Statement of Work 14. Important Notice to Contractors: All prospective awardees are required to register at the System for Award Management (SAM) and to maintain active registration during the life of the contract. SAM can be accessed at https://www.sam.gov. Any award resulting from this combined synopsis/solicitation will include DFARS Clause 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests. Section 1008 of the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2001 requires any claims for payment (invoices) under DoD contract to be submitted in electronic form. Wide Area Workflow – Receipt and Acceptance (WAWF – RA) is the DoD system of choice for implementing this statutory requirement. Use of the basic system is at no cost to the contractor. Contractors must complete vendor training, which is also available at no cost at http://www.wawftraining.com. Prior to submitting invoices in the production system, contractors must register for an account at http://wawf.eb.mil/. 15. Additional Instructions to Offerors: The following paragraphs in the provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items, are tailored as follows: North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard are as specified in the solicitation document. Submission of offers is as prescribed in the text of this combined synopsis/solicitation. 16. Proposal Content: The proposals may be in any format, but shall consist of two separate parts, a technical proposal and a price proposal. 17. Proposal Detail: The proposal shall be clear, concise, and shall include sufficient detail for effective evaluation and for substantiating the validity of stated claims. The proposal should not simply rephrase or restate the Government’s requirements, but rather shall provide convincing rationale to address how the offeror intends to meet the listed requirements. Offerors shall assume that the Government has no prior knowledge of their facilities or experience and will base its evaluation on the information presented in the offer submitted. 18. Embellishments Not Desired: Elaborate brochures or documentation, binding, detailed artwork, or other embellishments are unnecessary and are not desired. 19. Technical Proposal: Describe how the offeror will provide for the Vibration Test System as described in the SOW. 20. Attachments: Solicitation – FA860126Q0012 Statement of Work (SOW)_ Dated 18 December 2025 Brand Name Justification Offeror Representations and Certification

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cddbd0494378415eb3663e999e96bc16/view)