---
layout: default
title: Air Boss Service (Airshow 2027) - Beale AFB CA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 860232135d6d466a8f1679832a74d387
---

# Air Boss Service (Airshow 2027) - Beale AFB CA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-20 12:47:46.559-04
- Solicitation Number: FA468626Q0008

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number FA468626Q0008 is issued as an RFQ. This acquisition 100% set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. (ii). A list of line item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure is identified in Attachment 1 - Solicitation, Under Supplies or Services & Prices or Costs. Offerors shall return completed as part of quote submission. (iii). This requirement is for the The 9th Reconnaissance Wing (9 RW) at Beale Air Force Base (BAFB), California, has a requirement for a non-personal services contract to procure a professional Air Boss for the 2027 Beale AFB Air Show. The contractor shall provide a professional Air Boss and all associated services for the complete production and execution of the 2027 Beale Air Show. The Air Boss shall provide all personnel, labor, materials, equipment, management, supervision, coordination, lodging, and transportation required to accomplish this work. The primary service involves safe and efficient command and control of all aerial performances, directing the flow of the event, and serving as the primary authority over the active air show airspace. The contractor must collaborate closely with the Air Show Director, performers, and all involved agencies to ensure a dynamic, safe, and seamless performance. This scope includes continuous expert guidance from the date of contract award through the completion of the event. On-site services shall be performed during the planning, arrival, practice, and execution phases from 15 -18 April 2027. A paramount component of this scope is ensuring absolute safety and regulatory compliance. The contractor must strictly adhere to all applicable Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulations, as well as specific Department of Defense (DoD) and Air Force standards governing air show operations. The Air Boss shall arrive on-site no later than 0900 local time on 15 April 2027 to assist with set-up, equipment testing, media support, and performer arrivals. Live Air Boss duties for the execution of the air show will be performed from 16-18 April 2027. The contractor is required to provide all necessary certifications and proof of insurance and coordinate all changes or deviations from the schedule with the Air Show Director for approval. Place of Contract Performance: Beale AFB, CA; Period of Performance: 11 May 2026 to 10 May 2027. (iv). Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and FOB point is identified in Attachment 1 - Solicitation, Under Deliveries or Performance Schedules. Place of Contract Performance: Beale AFB, CA; Period of Performance: 11 May 2026 to 10 May 2027. (v). The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. The provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition and the specific evaluation criteria to be included is identified in Attachment 1. (vi). Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with its offer. The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. (vii). There are no additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions (such as contract financing arrangements or warranty requirements) necessary for this acquisition. (2).Response Times: Q&A's are due Monday, 27 April 2026 @ 10:00AM PST to the POCs listed below. Offers are due Monday, 4 May 2026 @ 10:00AM PST to the POCs listed below. The name and telephone number of the individual(s) to contact for information regarding the solicitation is Contracting Officer - Teresa Romig, teresa.romig@us.af.mil and Contract Specialist, SrA Ezekiel Onumah, ezekiel.onumah.1@us.af.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Teresa Romig
  - Email: teresa.romig@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 5306343405
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: SrA Ezekiel Onumah
  - Email: ezekiel.onumah.1@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Solicitation, Under Supplies or Services & Prices or Costs. Offerors shall return completed as part of quote submission. (iii). This requirement is for the The 9th Reconnaissance Wing (9 RW) at Beale Air Force Base (BAFB), California, has a requirement for a non-personal services contract to procure a professional Air Boss for the 2027 Beale AFB Air Show. The contractor shall provide a professional Air Boss and all associated services for the complete production and execution of the 2027 Beale Air Show. The Air Boss shall provide all personnel, labor, materials, equipment, management, supervision, coordination, lodging, and transportation required to accomplish this work. The primary service involves safe and efficient command and control of all aerial performances, directing the flow of the event, and serving as the primary authority over the active air show airspace. The contractor must collaborate closely with the Air Show Director, performers, and all involved agencies to ensure a dynamic, safe, and seamless performance. This scope includes continuous expert guidance from the date of contract award through the completion of the event. On-site services shall be performed during the planning, arrival, practice, and execution phases from 15 -18 April 2027. A paramount component of this scope is ensuring absolute safety and regulatory compliance. The contractor must strictly adhere to all applicable Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulations, as well as specific Department of Defense (DoD) and Air Force standards governing air show operations. The Air Boss shall arrive on-site no later than 0900 local time on 15 April 2027 to assist with set-up, equipment testing, media support, and performer arrivals. Live Air Boss duties for the execution of the air show will be performed from 16-18 April 2027. The contractor is required to provide all necessary certifications and proof of insurance and coordinate all changes or deviations from the schedule with the Air Show Director for approval. Place of Contract Performance: Beale AFB, CA; Period of Performance: 11 May 2026 to 10 May 2027. (iv). Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and FOB point is identified in Attachment 1 - Solicitation, Under Deliveries or Performance Schedules. Place of Contract Performance: Beale AFB, CA; Period of Performance: 11 May 2026 to 10 May 2027. (v). The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. The provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition and the specific evaluation criteria to be included is identified in Attachment 1. (vi). Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with its offer. The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. (vii). There are no additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions (such as contract financing arrangements or warranty requirements) necessary for this acquisition. (2).Response Times: Q&A"s are due Monday, 27 April 2026 @ 10:00AM PST to the POCs listed below. Offers are due Monday, 4 May 2026 @ 10:00AM PST to the POCs listed below. The name and telephone number of the individual(s) to contact for information regarding the solicitation is Contracting Officer - Teresa Romig, teresa.romig@us.af.mil and Contract Specialist, SrA Ezekiel Onumah, ezekiel.onumah.1@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/860232135d6d466a8f1679832a74d387/view)