---
layout: default
title: Q505--Gastroenterology Physician Services
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: f0d0aee6695a4ba98be74734729f8169
---

# Q505--Gastroenterology Physician Services

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 17:44:20.624-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26326Q0369
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Attachment 1: Template for Combined Synopsis-Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Effective Date: 01/15/2026 Revision: 03 Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06. This solicitation is open for full and open competition. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 621111, with a small business size standard of $16 million. The FSC/PSC is Q505 Medical - Gastroenterology. The Central Iowa VA Health Care System, 3600 30th Street, Des Moines, IA 50310, is seeking to purchase gastroenterology physician services. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Services ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

832.00 HR __________________ __________________ Board Certified Gastroenterology Physician Services 1. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO 2. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO 3. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 06-01-2026 POP End: 05-31-2027 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 621111 - Offices of Physicians (except Mental Health Specialists) PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: Q505 - Medical - Gastroenterology 1001

832.00 HR __________________ __________________ Board Certified Gastroenterology Physician Services 1. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO 2. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO 3. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO Contract Period: Option 1 POP Begin: 06-01-2027 POP End: 05-31-2028 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 621111 - Offices of Physicians (except Mental Health Specialists) PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: Q505 - Medical - Gastroenterology 2001

832.00 HR __________________ __________________ Board Certified Gastroenterology Physician Services 1. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO 2. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO 3. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO Contract Period: Option 2 POP Begin: 06-01-2028 POP End: 05-31-2029 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 621111 - Offices of Physicians (except Mental Health Specialists) PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: Q505 - Medical - Gastroenterology 3001

832.00 HR __________________ __________________ Board Certified Gastroenterology Physician Services 1. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO 2. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO 3. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO Contract Period: Option 3 POP Begin: 06-01-2029 POP End: 05-31-2030 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 621111 - Offices of Physicians (except Mental Health Specialists) PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: Q505 - Medical - Gastroenterology 4001

832.00 HR __________________ __________________ Board Certified Gastroenterology Physician Services 1. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO 2. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO 3. Name:_______________________________________________ Title: MD, DO Contract Period: Option 4 POP Begin: 06-01-2030 POP End: 05-31-2031 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 621111 - Offices of Physicians (except Mental Health Specialists) PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: Q505 - Medical - Gastroenterology The Contractor shall provide Board-Certified Gastroenterology Physician Services on site in accordance with the specifications contained herein to beneficiaries of the Department of Veterans Affairs Central Iowa Health Care System (VACIHCS). See section B.3 Performance Work Statement for additional information. The contract period of performance is 01/01/2026 to 12/31/2026 plus four 1-year options to be exercised at the Government s discretion. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: 3600 30th Street, Des Moines, IA Postal Code: 50310 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services All quoters shall submit the following: Signed SF 1449 Completed price schedule for all LINs. Signed Conflict of Interest Memo from Section D- Contract Documents, Exhibits, or Attachments. Signed Immigration Certification from Section D- Contract Documents, Exhibits, or Attachments. Signed Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP) from Section D- Contract Documents, Exhibits, or Attachments. Signed Contractor Rules of Behavior from Section D Contract Documents, Exhibits, or Attachments. Quoters are to provide documentation upon which the quote will be evaluated, including: Contingency Plan for emergency substitutions if key personnel are not available. Quality Control Plan For each professional/key personnel to provide services, provide: A listing of all professional staff who will be assigned to perform the required services Curriculum Vitae (CVs) of professional staff Copies of degrees; licenses; board certifications; accreditations A copy of current and active Basic Life Support (BLS) and Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS) certifications Malpractice and medical liability insurance certificates All quotes shall be sent to the Contracting Officer at angela.stewart438@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. Options will be evaluated at time of award. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services: In accordance with RFO FAR 12.201-1 and FAR 12.201-2 when appropriate, the contracting officer may (1)Â Insert the provision atÂ 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial ProductsÂ andÂ Commercial Services, inÂ solicitationsÂ forÂ commercial productsÂ orÂ commercial services. The following are the decision factors: Technical Excellence Past Performance Price Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation Oct 2025) To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than 10:00am Central Time on March 26, 2026, at angela.stewart438@va.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Angela Stewart, Contracting Officer Angela.stewart438@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Angela Stewart
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: angela.stewart438@va.gov
  - Phone: 605-336-3230 x7804

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Template for Combined Synopsis-Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Effective Date: 01/15/2026 Revision: 03 Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06. This solicitation is open for full and open competition. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 621111, with a small business size standard of $16 million. The FSC/PSC is Q505 Medical - Gastroenterology. The Central Iowa VA Health Care System, 3600 30th Street, Des Moines, IA 50310, is seeking to purchase gastroenterology physician services. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Services ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f0d0aee6695a4ba98be74734729f8169/view)