---
layout: default
title: Protected Tactical Waveform (PTW) Joint Hub Variant Request for Information (RFI)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 59afa07dd7d541e28f6f031b1e4c733d
---

# Protected Tactical Waveform (PTW) Joint Hub Variant Request for Information (RFI)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-23 18:33:28.804-04
- Solicitation Number: FA8807-PTWJHV-RFI-002

## Summary

Protected Tactical Waveform (PTW) Joint Hub Variant Request for Information (RFI) SEE RELATED NOTICE, ID FA8807-PTWOC-RFI-001 Section I: PTES Description & Background The Protected Tactical Enterprise Service (PTES) is the ground processing system designed to provide anti-jam (AJ) wideband Satellite Communications (SATCOM) capability utilizing the Protected Tactical Waveform (PTW). PTES initial use is intended for the tactical warfighter using Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) satellites, aka PTW over WGS (PTWoW). Later phases of the program will support other suitable satellites described in Section II that can be a transponder for the PTW. PTES consists of components for the Joint Hub (JH), Mission Management System (MMS), Key Management System (KMS), Key Loading and Initialization Facility (KLIF), and Network Management System (NMS). A PTES JH functions in conjunction with user terminals to support PTW operations on its Forward Link (FL) and Return Link (RL). Section II: PTW Joint Hub Variant Efforts The PTW Joint Hub Variant (JHV) will serve as a common-baseline Joint Hub for multiple PTW programs, e.g., PTES (both PTWoW and PTW-over-Commercial (PTWoC) and Protected Tactical Satellite - Global (PTS-G). Each PTW program will also require an updated Mission Management System, which will be an effort captured separately from the Joint Hub Variant development described in this RFI. PTW programs provide worldwide, beyond line-of-sight (BLOS), Anti-Jam (AJ), Low Probability of Intercept (LPI) communications service to tactical warfighters in both benign and contested environments, enabled by the Protected Tactical Waveform (PTW) defined in the PTW Interface Control Document (ICD). JHVs will be located at U.S. Department of War (DoW) Teleports and will interface with mPOWER Gateway terminals to provide Commercial Ka-band radio frequency (RF) connectivity to user terminals via the mPOWER Medium Earth Orbit (MEO) SATCOM constellation. When providing connectivity via transponded Geosynchronous Earth Orbit (GEO) satellites, JHVs will interface with Enterprise gateway terminals to provide radio frequency (RF) connectivity to user terminals located at DoW, Commercial, or International Teleports. The JHV will be configured to operate over one type of constellation at any given time. JHV Technical Requirements Document (TRD) requirements are split into four categories; each requirement category enables the JHV to operate over specific constellations. The JHV may make use of a mix of requirement categories depending on how the JHV is configured. HUBA: Requirements with this designation always apply to the JHV regardless of what configuration it is in. HUBG: Requirements with this designation apply to the JHV only when it is configured to operate over commercial GEO constellations. HUBM: Requirements with this designation apply to the JHV only when it is configured to operate over commercial MEO HUBW: Requirements with this designation apply to the JHV only when it is configured to operate over WGS constellations or PTS-G constellations. Note: PTW JHVs are also intended to function with PTS-G. PTS-G requirements are identical to those of WGS (HUBW) and have therefore not been separated into their own category. The Joint Hub Variant uses a National Security Agency (NSA) certified JH End Cryptographic Unit (ECU) integrated into the JHV Simultaneous Multiband (Ka, X) Modem. JH ECU requirements are listed in the ECU Functions section of the JHV TRD. The purpose of this RFI is to conduct market research on the expected cost, schedule, and required effort associated with modifying the PTWoW PTES Joint Hub design for a common baseline Joint Hub Variant described in this section. Responses to this RFI will be considered as Market Research in accordance with FAR Part 10 to inform the Government’s procurement strategy. The Government may or may not compete or award this requirement. Additional market research may or may not be conducted. Responses from small businesses and small disadvantaged businesses are highly encouraged. The anticipated NAICS code for this acquisition is 517810 and the size standard is $40,000,000. Section III: Information Request The Government is requesting information on your company’s ability to perform and deliver the requirements as identified in the enclosures listed in section VI in response to the following prospective accomplishments: 1. Describe your company’s experience related to projects similar in size, complexity, and scope of this RFI effort. The contractor shall design and build JHV solutions for both GEO and MEO missions. The government is seeking a single enterprise architecture solution for the PTW ground hub, which will be referred to as the Joint Hub Variant (JHV). The contractor shall develop, build and integrate NSA-certified ECUs into the JHV. The contractor may propose modifications to the existing ECU requirements and approach to achieving a more efficient and timely solution. The contractor shall propose a GFX (Government Furnished Property or Information) list required to build the JHV solution. The contractor shall design, build, and test JHVs utilizing the security controls that are allocated to other PTES JHs. The contractor shall identify potential program risks and mitigations. 2. The Government intends to maximize the use of Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) contracts with this procurement. If for any reason a FFP contract type is not ideal, please indicate so with justification and propose a contracting strategy. 3. The Government is deliberating the use of an Indefinite-Delivery, Indefinite-Quantity (IDIQ) contract vehicle to meet these requirements. If the IDIQ approach is inadvisable in the respondent’s opinion due to the nature of the effort necessary to meet the requirements deliberated or because of economic or supply chain constraints, indicate so and provide an alternate recommendation. 4. Include your company’s technical competency in SATCOM ground systems hardware and software development principles and approaches. 5. Discuss your company’s ability to satisfy the GEO and MEO capability requirements listed above as well as to be compliant with cybersecurity and information assurance requirements. Describe your approach for satisfying all four requirement categories listed above along with any significant cost or schedule drivers. 6. The contractor shall deliver a schedule Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) estimate to develop and produce a JHV solution for both GEO and MEO and missions. For purposes of this RFI, assume the following number of JHV units: 12 HUBG, 12 HUBM, and 12 HUBW for a total of 36 JHVs, with contract award Anticipated in 3Q CY 2027. 7. The contractor shall deliver a cost ROM estimate to develop and produce a JHV solution for GEO and MEO missions consistent with the quantities specified in question #6. At a minimum, break down the ROM further into total Non-recurring Engineering and Recurring Engineering costs. 8. The government is interested in a reduced Size Weight and Power (SWaP) configuration of the PTW JHV. The contractor may propose a reduced SWAP JHV configuration, to the extent feasible, relative to the dimensions specified in the JHV TRD. Section IV: Response Format, Submittal Instructions, and Questions Response Format – Responses shall be submitted as a white paper in PDF or Microsoft Word for Office 2007 or later compatible format, supplemented with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, PDF, or JPG attachments as necessary. Responses shall be prepared so that when printed, they meet the following requirements: 8.5x11 inch paper, single-spaced typed lines, 1-inch margins, 12-point Times New Roman font. Tables may use 10-point font. Graphics or pictures are not allowed. Illustrations such as tables, flowcharts, organizational charts, process charts or other similar informational charts may be used. Respondents are responsible for ensuring the legibility of all tables, charts, etc., and should assume that when their response is printed or copied, it will be done in black and white. The Government will not accept company literature or marketing materials in response to this notice. Response Classification – All material provided in response to this notice shall be UNCLASSIFIED, non-confidential, and non-proprietary to the maximum extent practicable. Firms providing confidential/proprietary information shall separately and clearly identify and mark all confidential/proprietary information. The Government will take all necessary steps to protect/safeguard any confidential/proprietary information not clearly marked. Submittal POCs – Responses shall be submitted electronically. Unclassified submittals shall be submitted to all of the following: Scott Lucas, Contracting Officer, at scott.lucas.1@spaceforce.mil. Heather Ayres, Contract Specialist, at heather.ayres@spaceforce.mil. William Chan, Contract Specialist, at william.chan.5@spaceforce.mil. Submittal Due Date – Responses are due by 2:00 PM (Pacific Time) on 23 April 2026. Questions and Communications – All questions and communications associated with this RFI, including requests for the listed non-public enclosure(s), shall be submitted in writing to Scott Lucas, Contracting Officer, at scott.lucas.1@spaceforce.mil. Section V: Disclaimers THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION ONLY. This notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes. It does not constitute a solicitation (Request for Proposal or Request for Quotations) or a promise to issue a solicitation in the future. This notice does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. Furthermore, the Government is not, at this time, seeking proposals. Respondents are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this notice. The Government will not assume liability for costs incurred by any attendee for travel expenses or marketing efforts. All costs associated with responding to this notice will be solely at the responding party's expense. Proprietary information, if any, should be kept to a minimum and shall be clearly marked. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned. In order to review RFI response, proprietary information may be given to Federally Funded Research and Development Center (FFRDC) and/or Advisory and Assistance Services (A&AS) contractors working for the Government. Non-government support contractors and their subcontractors may be involved in the review of any responses submitted. Please advise the listed government points of contact in advance of response submission if you do not wish for your submission to be reviewed by non-government support contractors and their subcontractors. Section VI: Enclosures Enclosure 1 – Joint Hub Variant (JHV) Technical Requirement Document (TRD) Enclosure 2 - MIL-STD-188-164C (for public release) Enclosure 3.a. – DODI 8510.01 (for public release) Enclosure 3.b. – NIST SP 800-53 rev 5 (for public release) Enclosure 3.c. - CNSSI No 1253 (for public release)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Scott Lucas
  - Email: scott.lucas.1@spaceforce.mil
  - Phone: 310-653-3857
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Heather Ayres
  - Email: heather.ayres@spaceforce.mil
  - Phone: 3106533108

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/59afa07dd7d541e28f6f031b1e4c733d/view)