---
layout: default
title: J065--AlignRT Comprehensive Service and Support Plan (VA-26-00012489)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Justification
notice_id: 0c7043b211fa47f8b78c0712fd34b617
---

# J065--AlignRT Comprehensive Service and Support Plan (VA-26-00012489)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Justification
- Posted: 2026-04-03 09:26:20.979-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24626Q0166
- Awardee: VISION RT INC. SOMERSET 08873
- Award Amount: 118000.00000000

## Summary

Attachment 1: Request for Sole Source Justification Format >SAT Demonstration that the Contractor s Unique Qualifications or Nature of the Acquisition Requires the Use of the Authority Cited Above (applicability of authority): This requirement aims to provide comprehensive service and support for three (3) AlignRT systems currently in use at the Richmond VAMC. These systems are highly specialized, offering real-time 3D precision and accuracy in patient positioning for cancer treatments. The AlignRT systems interface with existing equipment and must be installed and aligned by manufacturer-trained technicians to ensure accuracy. Due to the proprietary nature of the equipment, only Vision RT, the original equipment manufacturer (OEM), is qualified to provide the necessary upgrades, support, trained technicians, and certified OEM parts. This system is unique in delivering real-time 3D surface guidance specifically for radiation oncology by defining the radiation treatment area region of interest. It can detect any motion in all six degrees of freedom and can be monitored throughout the treatment. Additionally, selected regions of the patient's surface can be monitored in real time, with any movements outside user-defined tolerances being automatically detected. This practice is crucial for external body sites, such as breasts and sarcomas, and for all high-dose cases to ensure accurate setup and detect patient movement during treatment. Using another vendor for this service would be considered improper and would incur additional costs to the government. The vendor must provide OEM-trained and certified technicians for the system's upgrades and maintenance. Additionally, the vendor must supply original equipment manufacturer (OEM) parts and software necessary to ensure maximum reliability and uptime at no additional cost to the Richmond VA Medical Center. Consequently, VisionRT is the only company capable of providing the supplies and services described in Section III above without causing unacceptable delays in meeting the Veteran's Health Administration's requirements. Description of Efforts Made to ensure that offers are solicited from as many potential sources as deemed practicable: An intent to sole source notice was posted on the Government Contract Opportunities site (SAM.GOV) on 11-21 November 2026, indicating the intent to award a sole source contract to VisionRT, but no interest or responses were received. Determination by the CO that the Anticipated Cost to the Government will be Fair and Reasonable: Price analysis will be conducted and documented prior to the award of the proposed contract. The Contracting Officer will determine that the proposed price is fair and reasonable based on a comparison with market research. Description of the Market Research Conducted and the Results, or a Statement of the Reasons Market Research Was Not Conducted: Market research was conducted to identify potential sources and evaluate the availability of the commercial marketplace to meet the requirement. In accordance with RFO Part 10, market research was performed by posting an intent to sole source notice, notifying the industry of the pending acquisition, and inviting inquiries from interested parties. There were no expressions of interest or responses to the intent to sole source notice. A search of the SBA database did not identify any qualified and capable SDVOSB/VOSB vendors. An additional search of the SBA database for small businesses identified 10 vendors. However, after careful review, none of the 10 vendors could provide the services requested. No further contact was pursued due to the manufacturer providing a sole source letter. Based on the results of the market research, the government has determined that only VisionRT can provide the required services. VHAPG Part

806.3 OFOC Page 2 of 3 Revision: 03 Effective Date: 04/15/24 Acquisition ID#: 36C246-27-AP-0054

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Gordon E Burns
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Gordon.Burns@va.gov
  - Phone: 757-251-4333

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Request for Sole Source Justification Format >SAT Demonstration that the Contractor s Unique Qualifications or Nature of the Acquisition Requires the Use of the Authority Cited Above (applicability of authority): This requirement aims to provide comprehensive service and support for three (3) AlignRT systems currently in use at the Richmond VAMC. These systems are highly specialized, offering real-time 3D precision and accuracy in patient positioning for cancer treatments. The AlignRT systems interface with existing equipment and must be installed and aligned by manufacturer-trained technicians to ensure accuracy. Due to the proprietary nature of the equipment, only Vision RT, the original equipment manufacturer (OEM), is qualified to provide the necessary upgrades, support, trained technicians, and certified OEM parts. This system is unique in delivering real-time 3D surface guidance specifically for radiation oncology by defining the radiation treatment area region of interest. It can detect any motion in all six degrees of freedom and can be monitored throughout the treatment. Additionally, selected regions of the patient"s surface can be monitored in real time, with any movements outside user-defined tolerances being automatically detected. This practice is crucial for external body sites, such as breasts and sarcomas, and for all high-dose cases to ensure accurate setup and detect patient movement during treatment. Using another vendor for this service would be considered improper and would incur additional costs to the government. The vendor must provide OEM-trained and certified technicians for the system"s upgrades and maintenance. Additionally, the vendor must supply original equipment manufacturer (OEM) parts and software necessary to ensure maximum reliability and uptime at no additional cost to the Richmond VA Medical Center. Consequently, VisionRT is the only company capable of providing the supplies and services described in Section III above without causing unacceptable delays in meeting the Veteran"s Health Administration"s requirements. Description of Efforts Made to ensure that offers are solicited from as many potential sources as deemed practicable: An intent to sole source notice was posted on the Government Contract Opportunities site (SAM.GOV) on 11-21 November 2026, indicating the intent to award a sole source contract to VisionRT, but no interest or responses were received. Determination by the CO that the Anticipated Cost to the Government will be Fair and Reasonable: Price analysis will be conducted and documented prior to the award of the proposed contract. The Contracting Officer will determine that the proposed price is fair and reasonable based on a comparison with market research. Description of the Market Research Conducted and the Results, or a Statement of the Reasons Market Research Was Not Conducted: Market research was conducted to identify potential sources and evaluate the availability of the commercial marketplace to meet the requirement. In accordance with RFO Part 10, market research was performed by posting an intent to sole source notice, notifying the industry of the pending acquisition, and inviting inquiries from interested parties. There were no expressions of interest or responses to the intent to sole source notice. A search of the SBA database did not identify any qualified and capable SDVOSB/VOSB vendors. An additional search of the SBA database for small businesses identified 10 vendors. However, after careful review, none of the 10 vendors could provide the services requested. No further contact was pursued due to the manufacturer providing a sole source letter. Based on the results of the market research, the government has determined that only VisionRT can provide the required services. VHAPG Part

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0c7043b211fa47f8b78c0712fd34b617/view)