---
layout: default
title: WMEC-270 OEM CPP FILTRATION SYSTEM REPLACE
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 8aeb75d725fe4f59949f03b6bd5f97f7
---

# WMEC-270 OEM CPP FILTRATION SYSTEM REPLACE

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 08:59:52.81-04
- Solicitation Number: 52000QR260023877

## Summary

Modification to Solicitation 002: This amendment extends the solicitation closing date to allow additional time for submissio of required OEM Letter of Authorization (LOA). The solicitation closing date is hereby extended to Friday, April 17, 2026 at 4:00 PM Eastern Standard Time. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. Offerors shall ensure all required documentation, including OEM authorization, is submitted with their offer. Due to mission requireents and the period of performance start date, no further extensions will be granted. Interested Offerors are responsible for monitoring the solicitation for any amendments or updates. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Modification to Solicitation 001: The solicitation response deadline is hereby extended to Friday, April 17, 2026 at 09:00 AM Eastern Standard Time to allow additional vendor participation and ensure submission of complete quotations inclusive of all required cost elements, including freight. Interested Offerors are responsible for monitoring the solicitation for any amendments or updates. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- This requirement includes a brand-name only materials and/or services as outlined in the attached Statement of Work (SOW) and Specifications. Due to compatibility, standardization, and lifecycle support considerations, only Parker Hannifin products or services are acceptable for this requirement. Substitutions will not be considered. This restriction is supported by a Justification and Approval (J&A) in accordance with FAR 11.105 and can be provided upon request. To ensure warranty compliance, safety, and proper integration with existing systems, only authorized vendors of Parker Hannifin may provide parts under this requirement. Offerors must provide proof of authorized source status by submitting a valid Letter of Authorization (LOA) from the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) or brand owner, confirming the vendor is an authorized distributor, reseller, or service provider for Parker Hannifin. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information in this notice. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote Number 52000QR260023877 This procurement will be processed in accordance with FAR Part 12. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) is 336611. The small business size standard is 1300. all responsible small business sources may submit proposals that will be considered. This synopsis/solicitation is issued pursuant to FAR 13.106-1(b), and the resultant purchase order will be awarded on a firm-fixed price basis using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR 13. THE UNITED STATED COAST GUARD SURFACE FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER REQUEST THE CONTRACTORS TO PROVIDE PRICING FOR THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENT: The contractor shall provide parts IAW SOW for differential relief valve and CPP filter system. A. REQUIREMENT: 1. Differential relief valve and CPP filter system parts, Parker Hannifin, See Attached SOW for part numbers. 2. Location of Performance (FBO Destination) USCG Yard 2401 Hawkins Point Rd Baltimore, MD 21226 ** Total cost shall have delivery and any Freight charges included. ** ** SHIPPING: FOB DESTINATION REQUIRED. ** 3. REQUIRED PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: Delivery shall occur between 01NOV26-30NOV26. Interested Vendors shall provide product/service details, Product Data Sheet, and cost breakdown IAW SOW for technical review. Vendors shall provide a detailed cost breakdown to include all the specifications to be reviewed by a technical rep. NOTE: The USCG/Government reserves the right to Award on an All or None Basis, i.e., the Government may issue a Purchase Order (PO) to the offeror that submits the lowest aggregate price, rather than issue a PO to each offeror based on the lowest quotation on each item. As stated below, the provision at FAR 52.212-2- Evaluation-Commercial Items-applies with the following addenda: Award of a contract will be based on the following criteria: The purchase order will be awarded as a firm-fixed price contract using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR Part 13.5. 1. Please provide any warranty information. 2. Vendors MUST be registered in www.sam.gov The USCG/Government intends to award a purchase order resulting from this synopsis/solicitation to the responsible contractor whose quote conforms to the solicitation and is most advantageous and the best value to the Government, price and other factors considered. Please Note: Interested Offerors having the expertise as required are invited to submit a Firm Fixed Price quotation that will be considered by the agency. Quotations must be submitted on company letterhead stationery and must include the following information: (1) Cost Breakdown (2) Unit Cost (3) Extended Price (4) Total Price (5) Payment Terms (6) Discount offered for prompt payment (7) Company Unique Entity ID (UEI) and Cage Code.. Quotes must be received no later than 17 April 2026 at 9 A.M. Eastern Standard Time. Email quotes are acceptable and shall be sent to Ms. Nichole Cundiff at: Nichole.A.Cundiff@uscg.mil and carbon copy Contracting Officer, SKC Patricia Fremming at Patricia.M.Fremming@uscg.mil Any questions or concerns regarding any aspect of the RFQ must be forwarded to Ms. Nichole Cundiff at email address – Nichole.A.Cundiff@uscg.mil and carbon copy Contracting Officer, SKC Patricia Fremming via email Patricia.M.Fremming@uscg.mil The following FAR Clauses and Provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 - Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Items (Sep 2023) FAR 52.212-2 - Evaluation - Commercial Items (Nov 2021) Award will be made to the Offeror proposing the Best Value to the Government considering specification, price, past performance and quality. FAR 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (Oct 2025) to include Alt I (Feb 2024). Offeror shall complete annual representations and certification electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website accessed through https://www.sam.gov. FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions -Commercial Items (Nov 2023) with the following addenda. FAR 52.212-5 - Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items (Jan 2025) FAR 52.252-2 - Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), the full text of the clause may be accessed electronically at https://acquisition.gov. FAR 52.204-7 – System for Award Management (Nov 2024). Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. To facilitate payment via Electronic Funds Transfer - SAM, contractors shall be registered in SAM. A UEI number can be obtained via https://www.dnb.com and SAM registration can be obtained via https://www.sam.gov. The following clauses, and others as directed by the Contracting Officer as applicable, shall apply to this awarded contract: FAR 52.222-3 - Convict Labor (Jun 2003) FAR 52.222-19 - Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan2025) (E.O.13126). FAR 52.222-35 - Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-36 - Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). FAR 52.222-37 - Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-50 - Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). FAR 52.225-1 - Buy American Supplies (Oct 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). (51) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury).FAR 52.232-33 - Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - Systems for Award Management (Oct 2018) FAR 52.233-3 - Protest After Award (Aug 1996) FAR 52.233-4 - Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) NOTE: In addition to the listed clauses, please review the attached FAR Clause Matrix for all clauses applicable to this requirement. *The above/following clauses are incorporated by reference, entire clause(s) available at https://acquisition.gov. NOTICE TO OFFERORS CONCERNING REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS: This solicitation contains FAR Clause 52.204-7, System for Award Management and FAR Provision 52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications. In accordance with FAR 4.1201 (a), prospective contractors shall complete electronic annual representations and certifications via SAM accessed through https://www.sam.gov. Please ensure completion prior to submitting a quote. Paragraph (b) of FAR 52.204-8 applies. System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Additional examples include 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions—Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nichole Cundiff
  - Email: Nichole.A.Cundiff@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Patricia Fremming
  - Email: Patricia.M.Fremming@uscg.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8aeb75d725fe4f59949f03b6bd5f97f7/view)