---
layout: default
title: F109--SB989 Testing 19 Underground Storage Tanks | SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9e43a1d9409d4ddfae521ea91f736a23
---

# F109--SB989 Testing 19 Underground Storage Tanks | SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-13 16:43:58.389-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0623
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. It is neither a solicitation announcement nor a request for proposals or quotes and does not obligate the Government to award a contract.Â Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response.Â Responses to this Sources Sought must be in writing.Â The purpose of the sources sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses and Veteran Owned Small Businesses interested and capable of providing the services described below.Â Documentation on technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition.Â The North American Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is NAICS: 811310 Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment Repair and Maintenance ($12.5M). PSC: F109 Environmental Systems Protection Leaking Underground Storage Tank Support Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) Company name (b) Address (c) Point of contact (d) Phone, fax, and email (e) DUNS number (f) Cage Code (g) Tax ID Number (h) Type of small business, e.g. Services Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, Veteran owned small business (i) Must provide a capability statement that addresses the organization s qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the work described below. (j) Provide estimated pricing if you were to price today. The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) has a requirement at the Long Beach VA Medical Center, located at 5901 E 7th Street, Long Beach, CA 90822, for SB989 Testing (19) Underground Storage Tanks (STU). Statement of Work SB989 Testing 19 Underground Storage Tanks General Requirements: The Contractor shall provide all Labor, Parts, Materials, Equipment, and Supervision required to perform all work. The Contractor (general or sub-contractor) is required to have completed and provide current safety training certifications Superintendent: 30-hours Construction Safety course. Tradesmen: Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) 10-hour Construction Safety training California s SB989 mandate that the UST systems are inspected and certified exclusively by International Code Council (ICC) certified technicians with current, valid training. The Contractor shall check-in with the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) upon arrival at the VHA Long Beach Healthcare System. The Contractor shall wear all OSHA regulated and VHA Personal Protective Equipment (PPE). Permits: Depending on the scope of work, the Contract Officer s Representative and Contractor must attain and provide the correct type of permit required by VHA Safety Office. Work cannot commence until the appropriate work permit has been signed off by all parties. The following permits will apply depending on the scope of work: Above the Ceiling and Penetration Permit Activity Hazard Analyses Energized / Deenergized Electrical Permit Excavation Permit Hot Work Permit Interim Life Safety Measures Infection Control Risk Assessment Utility and Fire Alarm System Permit Utility Shutdown Impact Permit Regarding Underground Storage Tanks (USTs) the following must be completed: Notification to City of Long Beach Fire Department of testing dates and times. Any required permits must be requested, submitted, and documented in the final report to the COR. Performance Work Statement: Secondary containment systems to be inspected and tested: Underground Storage Tank (UST) monitoring systems Spill buckets Overfill-prevention equipment Annular Spaces Sump Pumps Any other components, devices, or associated equipment necessary to ensure full compliance with applicable federal, state, and local regulations. Secondary systems inspection and testing types: Verifying leak-tightness Complete removal of any interstitial water Any additional inspection or testing procedures necessary to ensure proper function and regulatory compliance of secondary containment systems. Contactor shall conduct SB989 certification testing on the following eight (8) Underground Storage Tanks (UST): Bldg. 5 Bldg. 5B Bldg. 125 Bldg. 126OP Bldg. 128 Bldg. 133 Bldg. 138 Bldg. 150 Important information: The Government is not obligated to nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this Sources Sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. The VA is mandated by Public Law 109-461 to consider a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business set aside. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open competition may be determined. No sub-contracting opportunity is anticipated. Notice to potential offerors: All offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov and complete Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA). Additionally, all Service- Disabled Veteran Owned Businesses or Veteran Owned Businesses who respond to a solicitation on this project must be registered with the US Small Business Administration https://www.sba.gov/. All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail to naomi.meza@va.gov. All information submissions shall be received no later than 3:00 PM Pacific Standard Time on Wednesday, April 15, 2026.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Naomi Meza
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: naomi.meza@va.gov
  - Phone: (520) 792-1450 x 13785

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9e43a1d9409d4ddfae521ea91f736a23/view)