---
layout: default
title: F--CERCLA removal action at Mojave NP
agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 423d2b5dab3f40f6b4ce36df85e5bdd0
---

# F--CERCLA removal action at Mojave NP

- Agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 16:01:06.824-05
- Solicitation Number: 140P2126Q0049

## Summary

This is a pre-solicitation and "save the date" notice for a Non-Time Critical Removal Action (NTCRA) under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) at the Hidden Hill Mine contaminated site within Mojave National Preserve (MOJA). This is not the full solicitation; quotations are not requested at this time. The acquisition is set-aside for Indian Small Business Economic Enterprises (ISBEEs) in accordance with Department of the Interior Acquisition Regulation (DIAR) 1480. SITE VISIT: A group site visit is scheduled at 10:00 am on 4/9/26. Pertinent details will be provided in Section L of the solicitation, which will be posted at www.SAM.gov on or before 3/27/26. Attendance at the site visit is strongly encouraged (not mandatory). Requests for individual site visits will not be honored. DESCRIPTION: The site is a relatively small and remote abandoned mine located on approximately five acres and is at an elevation of approximately 3,400 feet above sea level. The work includes removing approximately 69 CY of comingled tailings and potentially affected underlying material (assuming a thickness of approximately one foot) that are distributed over an area of approximately 1,850 sf. Including any ancillary soils which may become commingled during excavation activities, approximately 100 CY (conservative estimate, includes underlying/commingling) are estimated for the purpose of this Removal Action. Applying a conversion factor of 1.5 tons per cubic yard, NPS estimates 150 tons of material will be excavated, transported, and disposed in the removal action (RA). The work also includes preparation of post-award plans (Site Health and Safety Plan (SHASP), Under-an-Acre Pollution Prevention Plan (UPPP), Traffic Control Plan (TCP), Hazardous Material Spill Plan (HMSP), and Confirmatory and Waste Sampling and Analysis Plan (SAP)), characterizing the material, transporting it to appropriate disposal facility/ies, collecting and analyzing confirmation samples, and preparing a Response Action Completion Report (RACR). The estimated removal quantities are based on previous site investigations. The firm fixed price contract will use a combination of lump sum and unit-priced items subject to the variation in quantity clause in conjunction with an established ceiling and notification requirements. Additional details will be provided in the documents to be posted with the solicitation. A payment bond (100%), performance bond (100%), and liability insurance will be required prior to contract performance. PROJECT LOCATION: The Site is located on the southeast slope of the Providence Mountains in the southern portion of MOJA; geographic coordinates are 34.80613 degrees north latitude and 115.545029 degrees west longitude. Maps and information about the park are at www.nps.gov/MOJA. DETAILS: This procurement will cite clauses and provisions from both the codified Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) and the Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO); RFO will be cited only for parts whose deviations have been adopted by the Department of the Interior. It will be conducted under FAR 13 procedures. The prime contractor shall not subcontract more than the subcontract limitations specified in RFO clause 52.219-14 to other than similarly situated concerns. For this purpose, work to be performed falls in the category "services". The NAICS code for this project is 562910, Remediation and cleanup of contaminated buildings, mine sites, soil, or ground water, and the small business size standard is 1,000 employees. All work will be performed under a single firm-fixed-price contract subject to the Wage Rate Requirements (Construction), formerly known as the Davis-Bacon Act. The estimated magnitude of this project is below the Simplified Acquisition Threshold ($350,000). The RFQ and future amendments will be posted in the Contracting Opportunities section of SAM (https://sam.gov/content/opportunities). Quotes will be due approximately 30 days after the RFQ is posted; specifically, they will be due by the date and time specified in Block 13 of the Standard Form 1442 or in the most recent amendment (SF30). Offerors will submit their quotes by email per instructions included in the solicitation. The government will consider each company's technical capability in comparison to its price and award to the firm whose quote represents the best value. Prospective quoters must visit SAM.gov periodically to check for amendments and other changes to the contract documents; no other notifications will be sent nor will hard copies of the solicitation be mailed or issued. All eligible responsible sources may submit a quote which shall be considered by the National Park Service, however quoters who have not established and/or maintained an active registration at www.SAM.gov prior to the offer due date and time will be considered either ineligible or non-responsive and will not be considered for award. It is the policy of the Government to provide maximum practicable opportunities in its acquisitions to small business, veteran-owned small business, service-disabled veteran-owned small business, HUBZone small business, small disadvantaged business, Indian Small Business Economic Enterprises, and women-owned small business concerns. Such concerns must also have the maximum practicable opportunity to participate as subcontractors in the contracts awarded by any executive agency, consistent with efficient contract performance. All quoters are strongly encouraged to contact their local Small Business Administration office, to post their need for qualified subcontractors on SUB-Net accessed at https://connect.sba.gov, and to utilize the Small Business Administration (SBA) Dynamic Small Business Search (https://dsbs.sba.gov/search/dsp_dsbs.cfm) for potential subcontractors within these various socio-economic categories. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse a quoter for any costs. Construction Contract Administration: Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO) 36.101-4 requires agencies provide description of policies and procedures that apply to definitization of equitable adjustments for change orders under construction contracts and data on the time required to definitize equitable adjustments for change orders under construction contracts. This information can be found at: https://www.doi.gov/pam/acquisition/policy/constructioncontract. For more information, contact the Contracting Officer at sarah_welch@nps.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Welch, Sarah
  - Email: Sarah_Welch@nps.gov
  - Phone: 202-354-3974

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/423d2b5dab3f40f6b4ce36df85e5bdd0/view