---
layout: default
title: G099--HCHV - Low Demand Safe Haven - Housing & Case Management - B+4 - JJP Bronx
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 6f6006a7a30d4e30b255a4c7f21133cb
---

# G099--HCHV - Low Demand Safe Haven - Housing & Case Management - B+4 - JJP Bronx

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-17 17:16:36.293-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24226R0075
- Awardee: null

## Summary

DESCRIPTION Sources Sought Notice for Emergency Residential Housing and Case Management Services to Homeless Veterans located at James J. Peters VA Medical Center, Bronx NY. HEALTH CARE FOR HOMELESS VETERANS (HCHV) REGIONAL PROCUREMENT OFFICE EAST - NETWORK CONTRACTING OFFICE 2 BRONX VAMC THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. This is a Sources Sought Notice only. This notice is issued in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 5.201 in order to conduct market research. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. This notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or a guarantee to issue an RFP in the future. This notice does not commit the Government to contract for any supply or service. All information submitted in response to this announcement is voluntary. The Government will not pay for information requested nor will it compensate any respondent for any cost incurred in developing information provided to the Government. Not responding to this notice does not preclude participation in any future RFP, if issued. This announcement is based on the best information available at this time and is subject to future amendment. No questions will be answered in response to this notice. The anticipated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 624221 Temporary Shelters, Small Business Size Standard $13.5 Million. OVERVIEW: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Network Contracting Office (NCO) 2, and VA New York Healthcare System anticipate a requirement for contract with professionals who have qualifications, experience and expertise in providing quality Healthcare for Homeless Veterans (HCHV) to members serviced by the Department of Veterans Affairs at a VA Medical Center. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to obtain interest from contractors who would be capable of providing services at the James J. Peters VA Medical Center, 130 West Kingsbridge Road, Bronx, NY 10468. Contractors shall provide all labor, supervision, housing, material, and supplies necessary to provide emergency residential housing, treatment and supportive services through the HCHV program Contract Emergency Residential (CER)/ Low Demand Safe Haven model. The Safe Haven services as a specialty model. and will offer services up to 40 homeless Veterans. Significant deviation from these services can dilute the model as prescribed and thus disrupt ongoing program evaluation and fidelity studies. The VA National Center on Homelessness among Veterans ( the Center ) provides ongoing support for program development for both providers and VA staff. Additionally, the Center has formulated the evaluation protocol and program fidelity measures which must be adhered to by the selected Contractor and the Bronx VA. Key Personnel: The Contractor shall employ sufficient personnel to carry out the policies, responsibilities, and programs. A full-time administrative staff member on duty and on site and available for emergencies 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Please note: Security staff alone is not sufficient to meet this requirement. The staff member must be an employee of the contractor and is responsible for the overall day-to-day operation of facility assuring all policies and procedures are followed. The administrator on duty must remain awake and available to interact with Veterans during their work tour, whether during the day or at night. It is required that there is a director of the program on-call and available for emergencies 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. A professionally credentialed clinical supervisor (minimum LCSW) available to make on-site visits, at minimum once per week, and provide ongoing supervision of cases to case management personnel. Sufficient case management personnel with a master s degree in social work (LMSW) or Mental Health Counseling (LMHC) to provide the necessary therapeutic interventions and activities and to ensure a meaningful integration of these efforts with those provided in the residential setting. Staff should be dedicated to servicing this contract and not participate in shared assignments with another site(s). There must be at least one contract staff member with cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) certification on duty on the premises and available for emergencies 24 hours per day/7 days per week. Contract staff preparing or serving food to Veterans must have a valid food handler s permit obtained through the State where services are provided. If contracted meals and delivery services are utilized, food vendor must also maintain appropriate licensure. The contractor shall assign personnel to this contract that have the necessary education and/or training (and, when required, certification or licensure) to provide the services required by this PWS. The Contractor must identify each person functioning as key personnel under this contract, provide the VA HCHV Contract Residential Care Liaison the following information: Name and Title of each person Description of each person s duties Description of each person s certifications and licensures Copies of all certifications and licensures CONTRACTOR RESPONSIBILITIES Basic Services: The Contractor shall furnish each Veteran referred for care under this contract. Room and Board: A designated bed that is used exclusively by the individual Veteran from the time of admission to the time of discharge. The bed must be situated in a room that affords Veteran safety, privacy and security. VA will not pay for bed sharing, as it is not allowed in this contract. Beds shall not be used for more than one person at a time. Bed frame, mattress, mattress protector/cover (mattresses must be in good condition and fully encased with protective covering). Dresser and/or other storage for clothes and personal items. Food/Meals: Contractor is responsible for providing appetizing, nutritionally adequate meals three times per day, seven days per week, in a setting that encourages social interaction. Nutritious snacks between meals and at bedtime must be available for interaction. Nutritious snacks between meals and at bedtime must be available for those requiring or desiring additional food, when it is not medically contraindicated. Laundry: The contractor is responsible for providing laundry facilities and supplies to Veterans at no cost. Therapeutic and Rehabilitative Services: The contractor must provide individualized, on-site therapeutic and rehabilitative services determined to be needed by each Veteran admitted to the HCHV program. The therapeutic and rehabilitative services must be detailed in the individual service plan (a.k.a. treatment plan ) developed by the contractor, with input from the Veteran and VA HCHV Liaison (or designee) for approval by VA, within 72 hours after admission. Case Management Facility: It is the responsibly of the contractor to properly maintain its facilities. The VA shall have no responsibility for paying or reimbursing the contractor for such expenses. The Key Personnel and Contractor s Responsibly info is not all inclusive. SPECIAL CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS Reports/Deliverables: The Contractor shall be responsible for complying with all reporting requirements established by the Contract. Contractor shall be responsible for assuring the accuracy and completeness of all reports and other documents as well as the timely submission of each. Contractor shall comply with contract requirements regarding the appropriate reporting formats, instructions, submission timetables, and technical assistance as required. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: Please submit your response in accordance with the following instructions: Detail your firm s capability of delivering the described services, ensuring you include responses to the Specific Response Items listed in the section below. Submit your response via email to Veronica Baldwin at Veronica.Baldwin1@va.gov by 3:00 PM Friday, April 2, 2026. Mark your responses as Proprietary Information if the information is considered business sensitive. Please include: Company Name: Company Address: Company DUNS: Company NAICS Code(s): Point of Contact Name: Point of Contact Phone Number: Point of Contact Email Address: Company Website (if available): Business Size/Type: FOR SDVOSB/VOSB ONLY: Please note that if responding as an SDVOSB or VOSB, your company must be registered and certified in the Small Business Administration (SBA) Vet Cert Database. Please include a copy of your SBA VetCert certification with your response. Prospective contractors are reminded that in accordance with FAR 4.11 they shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database and shall complete electronic annual representations and certifications in SAM prior to award of a contract. SAM is located at http://www.sam.gov. No solicitation document is available at this time; this notice is to acquire information only. This request for capability information does not constitute a request for proposals; submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary; the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Veronica Baldwin
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Veronica.Baldwin1@va.gov
  - Phone: 716-862-7461 ext. 22443

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6f6006a7a30d4e30b255a4c7f21133cb/view)