---
layout: default
title: W065--36C249-27-AP-0093 - Bariatric Bed Rental - New Base +4
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 1af2f813fc6a4dd4ae9e2e4ee5141696
---

# W065--36C249-27-AP-0093 - Bariatric Bed Rental - New Base +4

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 07:22:00.42-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24926Q0160
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Notice of Intent to Sole Source Notice of Intent to Sole Source Page 3 of 3 Notice of Intent to Sole Source *=Required Field Notice of Intent to Sole Source Page 1 of 3 SUBJECT* Notice of Intent to Sole Source- Bariatric Bed Rental - New base plus four options GENERAL INFORMATION CONTRACTING OFFICE S ZIP CODE* 37129 SOLICITATION NUMBER* 36C24926Q0160 RESPONSE DATE/TIME/ZONE 04-9-2026 10AM EASTERN TIME, NEW YORK, USA ARCHIVE 30 DAYS AFTER THE RESPONSE DATE SET-ASIDE SDVOSBS PRODUCT SERVICE CODE* W065 NAICS CODE* 532490 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Department of Veterans Affairs Tennessee Valley Healthcare System (TVHS) 1310 24th Ave S Nashville TN POSTAL CODE 37212 COUNTRY USA CONTACT INFORMATION CONTRACTING OFFICE ADDRESS Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office 9 (90C) 1639 Medical Center Parkway, Suite 204 Murfreesboro TN 37129 POINT OF CONTACT* Contracting Specialist Ryan Mick Ryan.Mick@va.gov 423-979-1408 DESCRIPTION This notice is in accordance with (IAW) Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 5.2. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Network Contracting Office (NCO) 09, hereby provides notice of its intent to award a sole source, firm-fixed price contract for the product/service listed below to a SBA certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, Interior Fusion, headquarters out of Pinellas Park, Florida. The contract is expected to be awarded under the authority of FAR Overhaul 12.102(b) as a sole source acquisition. A sole source justification has been prepared. The anticipated award date is no later than 10-01-2026. The contractor will provide the product/service listed below to the place of performance listed on the cover page of this notice. TVHS requesting a renewal of the bariatric bed rental for patient utilization. The current bed rental contract with Interior Fusion expires on 9-30-2026. These beds are currently being utilized for both bariatric patients and patients that require beds that are longer, wider, or help to prevent bed wounds. These beds are a necessity for patients that require continuous care as well as fits the needs at both VA Medical Center locations. It has been found that the current beds in utilization are low enough to prevent patient falls. In an effort not to interrupt patient care or continuously move patients from one bed type to another; the renewal of the contract is necessary for the maintenance of the patient s welfare daily. Market research reveals that the rental service is processed and produced by Imedical Healthcare Solutions for the bed products. Research reveals that the required bed products can be procured through an SDVOSB. Only Interior Fusion can provide this service at Nashville and Murfreesboro locations in order to maintain patient care. Market research consisted of the following: reviewed the results of recent market research undertaken to meet similar or identical requirements; queried commercial and the Government-wide database of contracts and other procurement instruments intended for use by multiple agencies; participated in interactive, online communication among industry, acquisition personnel, and customers; reviewing catalogs and other generally available product literature published by manufacturers, distributors, and dealers or available on-line. Items Required: This rental agreement will take place at the Nashville and Murfreesboro Medical Centers. This procurement consists of bed rentals, specialty mattresses, commodes, and recliners. This procurement is a continuation of the contract that has provided these beds and other specialty items since 2018. Period of Performance: Base year- POP 10-1-2026 through 9-30-2027 Option year 1- POP 10-1-2027 through 9-30-2028 Option year 2- POP 10-1-2028 through 9-30-2029 Option year 3- POP 10-1-2029 through 9-30-2030 Option year 4- POP 10-1-2030 through 9-30-2031 NAICS code: 532490 Other Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment Rental and Leasing. (SBA Small Business Size Standard: $40.0 million) PSC: W065 Lease or Rental of Equipment- Medical, Dental, and Veterinary Equipment and Supplies. THIS NOTICE OF INTENT IS NOT A SOLICITATION OR REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES. However, interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to this requirement and may submit a bid, proposal, or quotation (as appropriate) that the agency shall consider within the given closing/due date of this notice. A determination not to compete this requirement, based upon responses to this notice, is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. The Department of Veterans Affairs will NOT be responsible for any costs incurred by interested parties in responding to this notice of intent. Only written responses will be considered. All responses from responsible sources will be fully considered. As a result of analyzing responses to this notice of intent, the Government shall determine if a solicitation will be issued. Any prospective contractor must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for award and must submit a current authorized distributor letter from the manufacturer. Interested parties are encouraged to furnish information by email only with RESPONSE TO SOLE SOURCE NOTICE 36C24926Q0160 in the subject line. All documents submitted will not be returned. All interested parties shall submit clear and convincing documentation demonstrating their capabilities to satisfy the requirements listed above to Ryan Mick, contracting specialist, by email at Ryan.Mick@va.gov NO LATER THAN the given closing date and time on this notice. The capability documentation should include general information and technical background describing in detail the prospective contractor's capabilities like an authorized distributor/reseller letter from their source of supply if not a manufacturer that will demonstrate the ability to support this requirement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ryan Mick
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: Ryan.Mick@va.gov
  - Phone: 423-979-1408

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1af2f813fc6a4dd4ae9e2e4ee5141696/view)