---
layout: default
title: LGA Powerhouse Controls Room Upgrade & Annunciation
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 5e393e27ff324b9b889c7fb838df5bd8
---

# LGA Powerhouse Controls Room Upgrade & Annunciation

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 17:19:30.122-04
- Solicitation Number: W912EF26RA002

## Summary

Title: Little Goose Powerhouse Controls Room Upgraded & Annunciation. The work is located at the Little Goose Dam Powerhouse, Pomeroy, Washington. The solicitation will be issued as a Best Value Trade-Off (BVTO) Request for proposals (RFP) and result in a single firm-fixed price construction contract. This procurement is unrestricted. Competition is open to both large and small business concerns. A small business subcontracting plan is required for large businesses. 100% performance and payment bonds will be require for this project. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this project is 238210 Electrical Contractors and other Wiring Installation, and the associated small business size standard is $19,000,000. Solicitation number W912EF26RA002 will be posted to the SAM.gov Contract Opportunities website on or about early May 2026. The proposal due date will be contained in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments that may issued. The solicitation will be made available for download on the SAM.gov Contract Opportunities website. Offerors are responsible for checking the referenced page for any updates to the Notice. The Government is not responsible for any loss of Internet connectivity or for an offeror's inability to access the documents posted at the referenced website. Proposals will be due approximately 30 days after the solicitation is posted. The exact proposal due date will be indicated in the solicitation. System for Award Management (SAM): Offerors must register in the SAM at https://sam.gov/content/home prior to receiving an award. NOTE: The response date that is required to post this notice is not in any way a due date for any submission. This is a pre-solicitation notice only. The Scope of Work: The contractor shall provide electrical equipment/components and wiring to support the Operation, Monitoring and Control of the Little Goose Powerhouse. The following systems shall be upgraded with new electrical equipment/components and associated conductors: Annunciation and SER (Combine SER and annunciation systems and configure/provide HMIs for control interfaces): • PLCs and all associated I/O and wiring are to be installed. • HMIs are to be installed in the control room, at each S-board, and at the station service panels. Station Service (Provide new PLC equipment consistent with the powerhouse that has full indication and control of 4160V SS breakers and the powerhouse diesel generator): • PLCs and all associated I/O and wiring are to be installed. • HMIs are to be installed near the diesel generator and at the control room. Digital SCC (Create a fully functional digital SCC using the existing digital governor PLC/HMI): • New hardwired points and/or communication points are to be brought into the governor. S-Boards (Refurbishment): • Demo of the wiring, meters, indicators, and all other equipment to be replaced. • New panels, wiring, and all associated equipment are to be installed. The contractor shall address the need for an elevated floor within the Control Room to allow for new wiring installation under the elevated floor and new consoles. The contractor shall demo the existing Control Room ceiling tiles, light fixtures and ceiling HVAC diffusers and provide new: ceiling tiles, light fixtures, and ceiling HVAC diffusers. THE GOVERNMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CANCEL THE SOLICITATION EITHER BEFORE OR AFTER THE CLOSING DATE. NO REIMBURSEMENT WILL BE MADE FOR ANY COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH PROVIDING INFORMATION IN RESPONSE TO THIS PRE-SOLICITATION NOTICE OR ANY FOLLOW-UP INFORMATION REQUEST. All on-site work shall be performed in accordance with the Corps of Engineers Safety and Health Requirements Manual (EM 385-1-1). The Contractor will be responsible for establishing and managing an effective on-site Safety and Health program in accordance with EM 385-1-1 that will require the development and submission of a comprehensive project specific Accident Prevention Plan for Government acceptance. In addition, the Contractor will be required to develop and submit for Government acceptance Activity Hazard Analyses for each phase of work and a project specific Fall Protection Plan that comply with EM 385-1-1. A Site Safety and Health Officer (SSHO) employed by the prime contractor shall be required for each shift of the contractor's on-site operations. The SSHO shall possess a minimum of 5-years' experience in construction safety on similar projects, shall have completed the 30-Hour OSHA Construction Safety training within the last 5-years, and shall have completed at least 24-hours of formal safety training each year for the past 5-years. The Contractor will be responsible for establishing and managing an effective Contractor Quality Control (CQC) System that will require the development and submission of a comprehensive project specific CQC Plan for Government acceptance. A CQC System Manager employed by the prime contractor shall be required to be on-site for each shift of the Contractor's operations. The CQC System Manager must possess a minimum of 5-years relevant experience in a supervisory or management position such as Quality Control Manager, Quality Assurance Manager, or Construction Manager directly involved in the management of construction quality at the project site. In addition, the CQC System Manager shall have completed the course entitled "Construction Quality Management for Contractors" within the last 5-years. The project will involve the development and management of Contractor furnished submittals for items such as pre-construction plans, product data, test reports, and contract close-out documentation as required by the technical specifications of the contract. Solicitation Number W912EF26RA002 will be posted to the SAM.gov in approximately on around early May 2026. The solicitation is a Request for Proposal Important Note: The SAM.gov Contract Opportunities Response Date listed elsewhere in this synopsis is for SAM.gov archive purposes only. It does not necessarily reflect the actual bid opening date. There is no response date included in this notice. The bid due date and time will be contained in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments that are issued. Anticipated Award date is late September 2026 A site visit will be offered approximately 2 weeks after the solicitation is made available to offerors. See solicitation for details about the site visit. ACCESS FOR FOREIGN NATIONALS: Security clearance for foreign nationals to attend a site visit requires approximately 4 weeks; therefore, clearance should be requested immediately. To request clearance, please submit the names of all foreign nationals proposed for site visit attendance, along with documentation to verify that he/she was legally admitted into the United States and has authority to work and/or go to school in the US. Such documentation may include a US passport, Certificate of US citizenship (INS Form N-560 or N-561), Certificate of Naturalization (INS Form N-550 or N-570), foreign passport with 1-551 stamp or attached INS Form 1-94 indicating employment authorization, Alien Registration Receipt Card with photograph (INS Form 1-151 or 1-551), Temporary Resident Card (INS Form 1-688}, Employment Authorization Card (INS Form l-688A}, Reentry Permit (INS Form 1-327}, Refugee Travel Document (INS Form 1-571}, Employment Authorization Document issued by the INS which contains a photograph (INS Form I-688B}. Send this information by email to leanne.r.walling@usace.army.mil and Cynthia.h.jacobsen@usace.army.mil Foreign nationals must have received clearance prior to being granted access to the project site.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: LeAnne R. Walling
  - Email: leanne.r.walling@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 5095277230
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Cynthia Jacobsen
  - Email: cynthia.h.jacobsen@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 5095277214

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5e393e27ff324b9b889c7fb838df5bd8/view)