---
layout: default
title: Critical Housing Maintenance Construction at Lowman Ranger District, Boise National Forest, Idaho (GAOA)
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: e1e48718019e4a80892cf6e82fd8ac47
---

# Critical Housing Maintenance Construction at Lowman Ranger District, Boise National Forest, Idaho (GAOA)

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 11:12:15.846-04
- Solicitation Number: 1240LT26Q0011

## Summary

On March 23, 2026, amendment 0003 to solicitation 1240LT26Q0011 - Critical Housing Deferred Maintenance Lowman Compound Boise NF Idaho (GAOA) was posted to SAM.gov and accomplished the following: Posted a SF30 labeled “SF30 1240LT26Q0011-0003 Critical Housing Lowman”. The SF30 must be acknowledged and submitted with your quote. Posted final questions and answers labeled “Lowman QA 3-20-2026”. Posted additional details for section 081113 labeled “Section 081113 SF - HOLLOW METAL DOORS AND FRAMES”. ***************************************************************************************** On March 16, 2026, amendment P00002 to solicitation 1240LT26Q0011 Critical Housing Deferred Maintenance Lowman Compound Boise NF Idaho (GAOA) has been posted to SAM.gov. This SF30 must be acknowledged and submitted with quotes. The due date for quote submittal has been extended until March 26, 2026, at 5 p.m. CST. All quotes must be submitted via email to the PPS.Proposals@usda.gov. Please see attachment for details. ***************************************************************************************** On March 16, 2026 amendment P00002 to 1240LT26Q0011 Critical Housing Deferred Maintenance Lowman Compound Boise NF Idaho (GAOA) has been posted to SAM.gov. This SF30 must be acknowledged and submitted with quotes. The due date for quote submittal has been extended until March 26, 2026, at 5 p.m. CST. All quotes must be submitted via email to the PPS.Proposals@usda.gov. Please see attachment for details. ***************************************************************************************** On March 2, 2026 amendment P00001 to 1240LT26Q0011 Critical Housing Deferred Maintenance Lowman Compound Boise NF Idaho (GAOA) has been posted to SAM.gov. This SF30 must be acknowledged and submitted with quotes. The due date for quote submittal has been extended until March 20, 2026, at 5 p.m. CST. All quotes must be submitted via email to the PPS.Proposals@usda.gov. Please see attachment for details. ***************************************************************************************** 03 Feb 2026: This Combined Synopsis/Solicitation # 1240LT26Q0011 is for the remodeling of six (6) buildings in the Lowman Ranger District, Boise National Forest, Idaho. This is a 100% Small Business Set-Aside procurement that will result in a firm-fixed-price Purchase Order. Quoters will be required to submit both their Quote (proposed Price) and a Technical Proposal which addresses Technical Evaluation Factors (1) Past Performance, (2) Technical Experience and (3) Technical Approach and Project Management to Performing the Work, in response to this solicitation. Site Visit: Meet at 9:00 a.m. Mountain Time on 24 February 2026 at Idaho City Work Center in Boise National Forest, in the asphalt parking lot west of Bldg 1176. See Attachment 6 for further information on this event. Quoter/Offeror Questions: All questions pertaining to this solicitation and its attachments must be emailed to mary.harding@usda.gov no later than 27 February 2026. Quote Due Date and Time: 5:00 p.m. Central Standard Time on 06 March 2026. All quotes and technical proposals must be emailed to mary.harding@usda.gov by the established deadline date and time. Estimated Magnitude of Construction Cost: Between $250,000 and $500,000 Proposed Start Date: 01 April 2026 - Please note that work cannot occur on bunkhouses or the laundry building during the period 15 April 2026 through 31 October 2026. Required Completion Date: 15 April 2027 Bonding Requirements: Payment and Performance Bonds will be required for this construction project.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jim Edington
  - Email: James.Edington@usda.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: details. ***************************************************************************************** On March 16, 2026 amendment P00002 to 1240LT26Q0011 Critical Housing Deferred Maintenance Lowman Compound Boise NF Idaho (GAOA) has been posted to SAM.gov. This SF30 must be acknowledged and submitted with quotes. The due date for quote submittal has been extended until March 26, 2026, at 5 p.m. CST. All quotes must be submitted via email to the PPS.Proposals@usda.gov. Please see attachment for details. ***************************************************************************************** On March 2, 2026 amendment P00001 to 1240LT26Q0011 Critical Housing Deferred Maintenance Lowman Compound Boise NF Idaho (GAOA) has been posted to SAM.gov. This SF30 must be acknowledged and submitted with quotes. The due date for quote submittal has been extended until March 20, 2026, at 5 p.m. CST. All quotes must be submitted via email to the PPS.Proposals@usda.gov. Please see attachment for details. ***************************************************************************************** 03 Feb 2026: This Combined Synopsis/Solicitation # 1240LT26Q0011 is for the remodeling of six (6) buildings in the Lowman Ranger District, Boise National Forest, Idaho. This is a 100% Small Business Set-Aside procurement that will result in a firm-fixed-price Purchase Order. Quoters will be required to submit both their Quote (proposed Price) and a Technical Proposal which addresses Technical Evaluation Factors (1) Past Performance, (2) Technical Experience and (3) Technical Approach and Project Management to Performing the Work, in response to this solicitation. Site Visit: Meet at 9:00 a.m. Mountain Time on 24 February 2026 at Idaho City Work Center in Boise National Forest, in the asphalt parking lot west of Bldg 1176. See Attachment 6 for further information on this event. Quoter/Offeror Questions: All questions pertaining to this solicitation and its attachments must be emailed to mary.harding@usda.gov no later than 27 February 2026. Quote Due Date and Time: 5:00 p.m. Central Standard Time on 06 March 2026. All quotes and technical proposals must be emailed to mary.harding@usda.gov by the established deadline date and time. Estimated Magnitude of Construction Cost: Between $250,000 and $500,000 Proposed Start Date: 01 April 2026 - Please note that work cannot occur on bunkhouses or the laundry building during the period 15 April 2026 through 31 October 2026. Required Completion Date: 15 April 2027 Bonding Requirements: Payment and Performance Bonds will be required for this construction project

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e1e48718019e4a80892cf6e82fd8ac47/view)