---
layout: default
title: TRUCK PARTS (17 NSNs)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 5a415e5655e54d0b9415870870898e74
---

# TRUCK PARTS (17 NSNs)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 16:50:45.538-04
- Solicitation Number: SPE7LX26RX009

## Summary

This acquisition involves a consolidation of requirements IAW FAR 7.107-2 and has been determined necessary and justified. The determination will be posted with the solicitation IAW 7.107-5(c). The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Weapons Support (Columbus) will be issuing a solicitation comprised of seventeen (17) NSNs that are drawing items. Solicitation will be a Firm-Fixed- Price, Indefinite Delivery Contract, for up to five years in length. The five-year period is inclusive of a three-year base period and two separately priced one-year option periods. First Destination Transportation (FDT) will apply to some of the items. This solicitation is being issued as a 100% Small Business Set-Aside, with Full and Open Competition as implemented by Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) 6.203(a). This solicitation will use procedures from FAR Subpart 13.5 – Simplified Acquisition Procedures for Commercial Items. The maximum contract value will be $8,682,080.79. Solicitation will be available on DIBBS on or about March 12, 2026, for at least 15 days. NAICS: Solicitation NAICS will be 332994 (Small Arms, Ordnance, and Ordnance Accessories Manufacturing). The size standard will be 1000 employees. The required items being procured will be under Section B Schedule of Supplies of the solicitation. Search for the solicitation using the DIBBS RFP/IFB/Other RFQs database search and then click the Red "Offer" button on the search results screen (Note: users must be logged in to DIBBS to submit their quote through DIBBS). For additional guidance, refer to https://www.dibbs.bsm.dla.mil/refs/help/Solicitations/DIBBS-Upload-Offer-User-Help.pdf NSN NAME 3040012014818 CONNECTING LINK,RIG 1005011302128 LEVER,BARREL LOCKIN 3040012433875 LEVER,REMOTE CONTRO 1005009539504 EXTRACTOR, CARTRIDGE 1005014972592 APERTURE,SIGHT 3010012574237 CLUTCH ASSEMBLY,FRI 1015013431912 HANDWHEEL AND SHAFT 4320011560453 PUMP,INFLATING,MANU 1015013445804 QUICK RELEASE ATTAC 1015016041194 PINTLE ASSEMBLY 4910012672912 TOWBAR,MOTOR VEHICL 2590012785726 BELT ASSEMBLY,EMERG 2530008016707 ANCHOR,TORSION BAR 2530008016708 ANCHOR,TORSION BAR 2540014391923 HANDLE,DOOR,VEHICUL 5340016041386 BRACKET,MOUNTING 5340013486604 CRANK,HAND See attachment for additional item description, packaging, and marking information for the items. TECHNICAL AND/OR QUALITY REQUIREMENTS: The offerors will be required to comply with all the technical and quality requirements associated with each NSN. Offerors shall ensure that items supplied are in accordance with all quality and technical requirements found in the Procurement Item Description (PID), which will be provided with the RFP. All of the shipments will be for stock. The appropriate clauses and/or provisions will be included in the solicitation. Some items have technical data, some or all of which is subject to export-control of either the International Traffic in Arms regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and cannot be exported without prior authorization from either the Department of State or the Department of Commerce. Export includes disclosure of technical data to foreign persons and nationals whether located in the United States or abroad. This requirement applies equally to foreign national employees and U.S. companies and their foreign subsidiaries. DFARS 252.225-7048 is applicable to this data. The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) limits distribution of export-control technical data to DLA Contractors that have an approved US/Canada Joint Certification Program (JCP) certification, have completed the Introduction to Proper Handling of DOD Export-Controlled Technical Data Training and the DLA Export-Controlled Technical Data Questionnaire (both are available at the web address given below), and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. Instructions for obtaining access to the export-controlled data can be found at: https://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Enhanced-Validation/ To be eligible for award, offerors and any sources of supply proposed for use are required to have an approved JCP certification and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access export-controlled data managed by DLA. DLA will not delay award in order for an offeror or its supplier to apply for and receive approval by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. Items may involve Product Verification Testing (PVT), First Article Testing Contractor, Tailored Higher Level Contract Quality, Non-Tailored Higher Level Contract Quality ISO 9001, Certificate of Conformance (COC), Covered Defense Information, Class 3 Threads, Item Unique Identification (IUID), Casting, Sampling, and phosphate coating requirements.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joseph Coleman614-693-0141
  - Email: Joseph.Coleman@dla.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: additional item description, packaging, and marking information for the items. TECHNICAL AND/OR QUALITY REQUIREMENTS: The offerors will be required to comply with all the technical and quality requirements associated with each NSN. Offerors shall ensure that items supplied are in accordance with all quality and technical requirements found in the Procurement Item Description (PID), which will be provided with the RFP. All of the shipments will be for stock. The appropriate clauses and/or provisions will be included in the solicitation. Some items have technical data, some or all of which is subject to export-control of either the International Traffic in Arms regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and cannot be exported without prior authorization from either the Department of State or the Department of Commerce. Export includes disclosure of technical data to foreign persons and nationals whether located in the United States or abroad. This requirement applies equally to foreign national employees and U.S. companies and their foreign subsidiaries. DFARS 252.225-7048 is applicable to this data. The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) limits distribution of export-control technical data to DLA Contractors that have an approved US/Canada Joint Certification Program (JCP) certification, have completed the Introduction to Proper Handling of DOD Export-Controlled Technical Data Training and the DLA Export-Controlled Technical Data Questionnaire (both are available at the web address given below), and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. Instructions for obtaining access to the export-controlled data can be found at: https://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Enhanced-Validation/ To be eligible for award, offerors and any sources of supply proposed for use are required to have an approved JCP certification and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access export-controlled data managed by DLA. DLA will not delay award in order for an offeror or its supplier to apply for and receive approval by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. Items may involve Product Verification Testing (PVT), First Article Testing Contractor, Tailored Higher Level Contract Quality, Non-Tailored Higher Level Contract Quality ISO 9001, Certificate of Conformance (COC), Covered Defense Information, Class 3 Threads, Item Unique Identification (IUID), Casting, Sampling, and phosphate coating requirements

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5a415e5655e54d0b9415870870898e74/view)