---
layout: default
title: Bldg 65 - Renovation of Telephone Office Area, FE Warren AFB, WY AMENDMENT 01
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 4341382b0c0e4abe9213b6586f795011
---

# Bldg 65 - Renovation of Telephone Office Area, FE Warren AFB, WY AMENDMENT 01

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 14:29:58.972-04
- Solicitation Number: FA461326R0003

## Summary

AMENDMENT 01: 1. Remove the SOW dated 18 Mar 2026 and add the Attachment 1 SOW Rev1 dated 8 Apr 2026 2. Add Attachment 10 Asbestos and Lead Testing results. 3. Extend Site Visit Request submission no later than 2:00 pm MT, Monday, 20 April 2026. 4. Extend the due date to submit Questions about the requirements no later than 11:00 am MT, Thursday, 23 Apr 2026. 5. Extend the due date for Proposal Submission to 11:00 am MT, Wednesday, 29 Apr 2026. This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for simplified acquisition of a construction requirement. This announcement constitutes only the solicitation/notice, responses/proposals are being requested, and further written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation will be solicited as a 100% Small Business Set-Aside on SAM.gov. The 90th Contracting Squadron is issuing this requirement under FAR Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures. The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed-Price contract. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01 published 13 March 2026, Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) published 10 November 2025, and Department of the Air Force Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DAFFARS)DAFAC 2024-1016 effective 16 October 2024. Proposals must be complete, self-sufficient, and respond directly to the requirements of this solicitation. It shall demonstrate the ability to provide the required services in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW). 1. Refer to Attachment 1 Statement of Work (SOW) REV1 dated 8 Apr 2026, Attachment 2 B65 - First Floor Remodel Plan 25 March 26, Attachment 3 Environmental and Building Specs, Attachment 4 AF Form 66, and Attachment 5 Hazmat Authorization Request to the above project to include all contract materials and workmanship to be supplied and performed in accordance with existing contract standards, codes, practices and specifications. Add Attachment 10 Asbestos and Lead Testing Results. 2. Company must be registered in SAM.gov and fit the small business size standard of the solicited NAICS. Awardee shall be registered in SAM, no active exclusions, Termination for Causes in the past 12 months, and acceptable supplier risk profile in SPRS module. 3. Request for a site visit shall be sent via email NLT 2:00 pm MT, Monday, 20 Apr 2026 by emailing Ms. Michelle Crenshaw at michelle.crenshaw@us.af.mil and Ms. Liezel McIntyre at liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil. Those interested will be contacted to arrange the site visit date and time. If participants do not pass a background check, they will not be granted access to the base. Read Attachment 6 for Safety Protocols on base. 4. Questions are due to 90 CONS by 11:00 am MT, Thursday, 23 April 2026. Submit questions via email only to Ms. Ms. Michelle Crenshaw at michelle.crenshaw@us.af.mil and Ms. Liezel McIntyre at liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil. 5. The Davis Bacon Act Wage Determination applies, refer to Attachment 7 Wage Determination. 6. An acknowledged page 1 of the solicitation and all ammendments, along with Attachment 8 Cost Estimate Breakdown and Attachment 9 Bid Bond Form, shall be submitted with the proposal. 7. Submit proposal to this RFP no later than 11:00 am MT on Wednesday, 29 April 2026 by emailing proposals to michelle.crenshaw@us.af.mil and liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil. Solicitation responses shall be sent via electronic means only (emailed only; mailed, hand-carried or faxed proposal shall not be accepted). Offers shall have a valid date of 60 calendar days from day of proposal receipt. Late offers shall not be accepted once solicitation has ended. Attachment List: 1. Revised Statement of Work REV1 8 Apr 2026 2. B65 - First Floor Remodel Plan 25 March 26 3. Environmental and Building Specs 4. AF Form 66 5. HazMat Authorization Request 6. 90 MW Safety Contractor Guide January 2026 7. Wage Determinations 8. Cost Estimate Breakdown 9. SF24 Bid Bond Guarantee 10. Lead and Asbestos Test Results

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michelle Crenshaw
  - Email: michelle.crenshaw@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077735751
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Liezel McIntyre
  - Email: liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077733411

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: SOW Rev1 dated 8 Apr 2026 2. Add Attachment 10 Asbestos and Lead Testing results. 3. Extend Site Visit Request submission no later than 2:00 pm MT, Monday, 20 April 2026. 4. Extend the due date to submit Questions about the requirements no later than 11:00 am MT, Thursday, 23 Apr 2026. 5. Extend the due date for Proposal Submission to 11:00 am MT, Wednesday, 29 Apr 2026. This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for simplified acquisition of a construction requirement. This announcement constitutes only the solicitation/notice, responses/proposals are being requested, and further written solicitation will not be issued. This solicitation will be solicited as a 100% Small Business Set-Aside on SAM.gov. The 90th Contracting Squadron is issuing this requirement under FAR Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures. The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed-Price contract. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01 published 13 March 2026, Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) published 10 November 2025, and Department of the Air Force Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DAFFARS)DAFAC 2024-1016 effective 16 October 2024. Proposals must be complete, self-sufficient, and respond directly to the requirements of this solicitation. It shall demonstrate the ability to provide the required services in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW). 1. Refer to Attachment 1 Statement of Work (SOW) REV1 dated 8 Apr 2026, Attachment 2 B65 - First Floor Remodel Plan 25 March 26, Attachment 3 Environmental and Building Specs, Attachment 4 AF Form 66, and Attachment 5 Hazmat Authorization Request to the above project to include all contract materials and workmanship to be supplied and performed in accordance with existing contract standards, codes, practices and specifications. Add Attachment 10 Asbestos and Lead Testing Results. 2. Company must be registered in SAM.gov and fit the small business size standard of the solicited NAICS. Awardee shall be registered in SAM, no active exclusions, Termination for Causes in the past 12 months, and acceptable supplier risk profile in SPRS module. 3. Request for a site visit shall be sent via email NLT 2:00 pm MT, Monday, 20 Apr 2026 by emailing Ms. Michelle Crenshaw at michelle.crenshaw@us.af.mil and Ms. Liezel McIntyre at liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil. Those interested will be contacted to arrange the site visit date and time. If participants do not pass a background check, they will not be granted access to the base. Read Attachment 6 for Safety Protocols on base. 4. Questions are due to 90 CONS by 11:00 am MT, Thursday, 23 April 2026. Submit questions via email only to Ms. Ms. Michelle Crenshaw at michelle.crenshaw@us.af.mil and Ms. Liezel McIntyre at liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil. 5. The Davis Bacon Act Wage Determination applies, refer to Attachment 7 Wage Determination. 6. An acknowledged page 1 of the solicitation and all ammendments, along with Attachment 8 Cost Estimate Breakdown and Attachment 9 Bid Bond Form, shall be submitted with the proposal. 7. Submit proposal to this RFP no later than 11:00 am MT on Wednesday, 29 April 2026 by emailing proposals to michelle.crenshaw@us.af.mil and liezel.mcintyre@us.af.mil. Solicitation responses shall be sent via electronic means only (emailed only; mailed, hand-carried or faxed proposal shall not be accepted). Offers shall have a valid date of 60 calendar days from day of proposal receipt. Late offers shall not be accepted once solicitation has ended. Attachment List: 1. Revised Statement of Work REV1 8 Apr 2026 2. B65 - First Floor Remodel Plan 25 March 26 3. Environmental and Building Specs 4. AF Form 66 5. HazMat Authorization Request 6. 90 MW Safety Contractor Guide January 2026 7. Wage Determinations 8. Cost Estimate Breakdown 9. SF24 Bid Bond Guarantee 10. Lead and Asbestos Test Results

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4341382b0c0e4abe9213b6586f795011/view)