---
layout: default
title: Non-Intrusive Inspection (NII) Relocatable Passenger Vehicle Scanning Systems (RPVSS) IDIQ
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0b38aa8eac4541b3b7a34e3fe19e0c46
---

# Non-Intrusive Inspection (NII) Relocatable Passenger Vehicle Scanning Systems (RPVSS) IDIQ

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 17:55:03.529-04
- Solicitation Number: 70B03C26R00000045

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 70B03C26R00000045 is issued as a Request for Proposal (RFP) for Large Scale (LS) Non-Intrusive Inspection (NII) Relocatable Passenger Vehicle Scanning Systems (RPVSS) in accordance with the requirements of the attached Statement of Work (Solicitation Attachment 2). CBP intends to establish an Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract with a period of performance of 5 Years with 5 separate 1-year ordering periods. This acquisition is not set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at these addresses: https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52, https://www.dhs.gov/cpo-dhs-far-overhaul-deviations, and https://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/2025-11/25_1119_cpo_rfo-hsar-class-deviations-hsar-part-3052.pdf. The product service code (PSC) for this acquisition is 6635 {Physical Properties Testing and Inspection} and the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 334517 {Irradiation Apparatus Manufacturing} with a small business size standard of 1,200 employees. One or more of the items under this acquisition is subject to the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement and Free Trade Agreements. Please see solicitation Attachment 1 for a list of the solicitation provisions and contract clauses that apply to this acquisition. A. QUESTION DEADLINE: Please submit any questions concerning this solicitation at the earliest time possible to enable the Government to respond. Questions must be submitted directly by email only to benjamin.j.dorgan@cbp.dhs.gov. No phone calls. Questions not received by the question submission deadline of Thursday, March 19, 2026 at 5:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time (EDT) may not be considered. B. PROPOSAL SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: The deadline for receipt of proposals for this requirement is: Friday, April 1, 2026 at 5:00 PM EDT. All responsible sources may submit a proposal which will be considered by the agency. Proposal submissions must be submitted by email only to Contract Specialist Benjamin Dorgan at: benjamin.j.dorgan@cbp.dhs.gov. Subject line of the email should read: “Response to RFP 70B03C26R00000045: NII RPVSS IDIQ”. Pricing submitted must be for all SOW requirements and must be valid for at least 120 calendar days after close of the solicitation. THE FOLLOWING ITEMS SHALL BE SUBMITTED WITH EACH PROPOSAL: A completed copy of the SF-1449 (solicitation Attachment 1, pg. 1). Complete Blocks 17a, 17b (if applicable), 30a, 30b and 30c. Offerors must also provide their System for Award Management (SAM) Unique Entity Identification (UEI) number. At least one main business point of contact including name, email address, and phone number shall also be provided. Additionally, the vendor shall acknowledge all solicitation amendments issued. Volume I – Technical and Management Approach: Offerors shall submit a typed summary that addresses the technical and management approach to meet the requirements listed in the Statement of Work (SOW). No pricing information shall be submitted in this volume. All material submitted must be directly pertinent to the requirements of this solicitation. Extraneous narrative, elaborate brochures, uninformative public relations material, and so forth, shall not be submitted. Volume II – Past Performance: Offerors shall also submit relevant past performance information for projects similar in size/scope to this requirement for Federal, State, and local government, and private clients. Offerors shall request that a maximum of three (3) references complete Solicitation Attachment 4 (Past Performance Questionnaire). The reference shall submit the completed questionnaire directly by email to the solicitation’s Contract Specialist at benjamin.j.dorgan@cbp.dhs.gov. Information for contracts or subcontracts shall be for relevant contracts and subcontracts currently in process or completed within the past five (5) years. In accordance with RFO 15.202(c)(1), an offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available will not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance but rather will receive a rating of neutral. Volume III – Price: Offerors shall submit a completed copy of solicitation Attachment 3 (Proposal Pricing Schedule). Pricing must be provided for all Contract Line-Item Numbers (CLINs) and SOW requirements. Emailed submissions must be in separate attachments and clearly indicate what is being provided. The following criteria must be followed when submitting proposal attachments: No more than fifteen (15) single-sided pages total for Volume I (TECHNICAL AND MANAGEMENT APPROACH). Due to restrictions on the size of email, offerors must ensure that all emails submitted are less than 35MB. If the proposal exceeds 35MB, submissions must be separated into multiple emails and include in the subject line the solicitation number and # of # emails. If multiple emails are sent, all emails must be received no later than the closing date and time of the solicitation. Any electronic submission determined to contain a virus will be deleted and will not be viewed or accepted for consideration under this solicitation. The Contract Specialist is not responsible for acquiring any additional information. If attachments submitted are corrupted or otherwise cannot be opened by the Contract Specialist, the proposal may be determined non-responsive. C. PROCEDURES FOR AWARD Proposals that do not respond to all requirements in the solicitation may be rejected without further evaluation, deliberation, or discussion. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions. See RFO 52.212-2 (Addendum) within solicitation attachment 1 for evaluation factors and full award criteria details. D. SOLICITATION ATTACHMENTS: SF-1449 including Applicable Solicitation Provisions & Contract Clauses Statement of Work (SOW) Proposal Pricing Schedule Past Performance Questionnaire

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Benjamin Dorgan
  - Email: benjamin.j.dorgan@cbp.dhs.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . CBP intends to establish an Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract with a period of performance of 5 Years with 5 separate 1-year ordering periods. This acquisition is not set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at these addresses: https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52, https://www.dhs.gov/cpo-dhs-far-overhaul-deviations, and https://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/2025-11/25_1119_cpo_rfo-hsar-class-deviations-hsar-part-3052.pdf. The product service code (PSC) for this acquisition is 6635 {Physical Properties Testing and Inspection} and the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 334517 {Irradiation Apparatus Manufacturing} with a small business size standard of 1,200 employees. One or more of the items under this acquisition is subject to the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement and Free Trade Agreements. Please see solicitation Attachment 1 for a list of the solicitation provisions and contract clauses that apply to this acquisition. A. QUESTION DEADLINE: Please submit any questions concerning this solicitation at the earliest time possible to enable the Government to respond. Questions must be submitted directly by email only to benjamin.j.dorgan@cbp.dhs.gov. No phone calls. Questions not received by the question submission deadline of Thursday, March 19, 2026 at 5:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time (EDT) may not be considered. B. PROPOSAL SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: The deadline for receipt of proposals for this requirement is: Friday, April 1, 2026 at 5:00 PM EDT. All responsible sources may submit a proposal which will be considered by the agency. Proposal submissions must be submitted by email only to Contract Specialist Benjamin Dorgan at: benjamin.j.dorgan@cbp.dhs.gov. Subject line of the email should read: “Response to RFP 70B03C26R00000045: NII RPVSS IDIQ”. Pricing submitted must be for all SOW requirements and must be valid for at least 120 calendar days after close of the solicitation. THE FOLLOWING ITEMS SHALL BE SUBMITTED WITH EACH PROPOSAL: A completed copy of the SF-1449 (solicitation Attachment 1, pg. 1). Complete Blocks 17a, 17b (if applicable), 30a, 30b and 30c. Offerors must also provide their System for Award Management (SAM) Unique Entity Identification (UEI) number. At least one main business point of contact including name, email address, and phone number shall also be provided. Additionally, the vendor shall acknowledge all solicitation amendments issued. Volume I – Technical and Management Approach: Offerors shall submit a typed summary that addresses the technical and management approach to meet the requirements listed in the Statement of Work (SOW). No pricing information shall be submitted in this volume. All material submitted must be directly pertinent to the requirements of this solicitation. Extraneous narrative, elaborate brochures, uninformative public relations material, and so forth, shall not be submitted. Volume II – Past Performance: Offerors shall also submit relevant past performance information for projects similar in size/scope to this requirement for Federal, State, and local government, and private clients. Offerors shall request that a maximum of three (3) references complete Solicitation Attachment 4 (Past Performance Questionnaire). The reference shall submit the completed questionnaire directly by email to the solicitation’s Contract Specialist at benjamin.j.dorgan@cbp.dhs.gov. Information for contracts or subcontracts shall be for relevant contracts and subcontracts currently in process or completed within the past five (5) years. In accordance with RFO 15.202(c)(1), an offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available will not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance but rather will receive a rating of neutral. Volume III – Price: Offerors shall submit a completed copy of solicitation Attachment 3 (Proposal Pricing Schedule). Pricing must be provided for all Contract Line-Item Numbers (CLINs) and SOW requirements. Emailed submissions must be in separate attachments and clearly indicate what is being provided. The following criteria must be followed when submitting proposal attachments: No more than fifteen (15) single-sided pages total for Volume I (TECHNICAL AND MANAGEMENT APPROACH). Due to restrictions on the size of email, offerors must ensure that all emails submitted are less than 35MB. If the proposal exceeds 35MB, submissions must be separated into multiple emails and include in the subject line the solicitation number and # of # emails. If multiple emails are sent, all emails must be received no later than the closing date and time of the solicitation. Any electronic submission determined to contain a virus will be deleted and will not be viewed or accepted for consideration under this solicitation. The Contract Specialist is not responsible for acquiring any additional information. If attachments submitted are corrupted or otherwise cannot be opened by the Contract Specialist, the proposal may be determined non-responsive. C. PROCEDURES FOR AWARD Proposals that do not respond to all requirements in the solicitation may be rejected without further evaluation, deliberation, or discussion. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions. See RFO 52.212-2 (Addendum) within solicitation attachment 1 for evaluation factors and full award criteria details. D. SOLICITATION ATTACHMENTS: SF-1449 including Applicable Solicitation Provisions & Contract Clauses Statement of Work (SOW) Proposal Pricing Schedule Past Performance Questionnaire

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0b38aa8eac4541b3b7a34e3fe19e0c46/view