---
layout: default
title: J059--Electrical Deficiencies and Breaker Repairs
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 50263cf8d8594e0ebb3ba6400181e6b7
---

# J059--Electrical Deficiencies and Breaker Repairs

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-26 08:09:42.82-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0362
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought notice only. This is not a request for quotes and no contract will be awarded from this announcement. The Government will not provide any reimbursement for responses submitted in response to this Source Sought notice. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. The purpose of this announcement is to perform market research to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 238210, J059) with a size standard $16.5 Million. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Network Contracting Office 1 (NCO 1) is seeking to identify any vendor capable of providing Electrical Deficiencies and Breaker Repairs at the West Haven CT VAMC.Â per the requirements below. Refer to theÂ Performance Work StatementÂ below for the requested requirement description. The standard shall be of quality; meeting or exceeding those outlined in the Performance Work Statement. This Sources Sought notice provides an opportunity for respondents to submit their capability and availability to provide the requirement described below. Vendors are being invited to submit information relative to their potential to fulfill this requirement, in the form of a capability response that addresses the specific requirement identified in this Sources Sought. Information received from this Sources Sought shall be utilized to facilitate the Contracting Officer s review of the market base, for acquisition planning, size determination, and procurement strategy. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the services are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice by 10 am EST, April 2, 2026. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to Tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. Interested parties should complete the attached Sources Sought Worksheet. Parties may submit additional information related to their capabilities, provided it contains all the requirements contained in the Sources Sought Worksheet. Responses to this Sources Sought shall not exceed 8 pages. In addition, all submissions should be provided electronically in a Microsoft Word or Adobe PDF format. SAM: Interested parties shall be register in the System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM will be ineligible to receive a government contract, should a solicitation be issued resulting from this Sources Sought. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract, should a solicitation be issued resulting from this Sources Sought. Attachment 1 Sources Sought Worksheet QUALIFICATION INFORMATION: Company / Institute Name: _______________________________________________________ Address: ______________________________________________________________________ Phone Number: ________________________________________________________________ Point of Contact: _______________________________________________________________ E-mail Address: ________________________________________________________________ Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) #:Â ___________________________________________________ CAGE Code: __________________________________________________________________ Other available contract vehicles (GSA/FSS/NASA SEWP/ETC): ________________________ _____________________________________________________________________________ _____________________________________________________________________________ SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS: VIP Verified SDVOSB: (Y / N) VIP Verified VOSB: (Y / N) 8(a): (Y / N) HUBZone: (Y / N) Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Small Business: (Y / N) NOTE: Respondent claiming SDVOSB and VOSB status shall be registered and Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE) verified in VetBiz Registry www.vetbiz.gov. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SDVOSB, VOSB, SMALL BUSINESSES OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Provide a brief capability and interest in providing the service as listed in Attachment 2 PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT with enough information to determine if your company can meet the requirement. The capabilities statement for this Sources Sought is not a Request for Quotation, Request for Proposal or Invitation for Bid, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach, but rather the Government is requesting a short statement regarding the company s ability to provide the services outlined in the PWS. Any commercial brochures or currently existing marketing material may also be submitted with the capabilities statement. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ Attachment 2 STATEMENT OF WORK WEST HAVEN ELECTRICAL REPAIRS AND BREAKER REPLACEMENT VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER WEST HAVEN 950 CAMPBELL AVENUE WEST HAVEN, CT 06516 BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System completed triennial breaker testing and requires repairs, breaker replacement, maintenance and repairs to existing equipment. JUSTIFICATION VHA Directive 1028, NFPA 70E, and The Joint Commission mandate triennial testing of the electrical distribution system to determine reliability, repairs, and maintenance requirements to ensure safe and reliable service to medical centers. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The place of performance for this contract is VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven VA Medical Center located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The Contract Time Period of Performance shall be 90 days upon contract award and Notice to Proceed (NTP). QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall provide upon request, documentation of certification/training on the specific equipment under the terms of this contract. Bidders shall be evaluated on past performance, technical capability, and financial capability to perform the requirements of this work. Bidders shall submit a minimum of three (3) years of related scope and work experience with work, inspections, testing, and repair of breakers and commercial/industrial electrical distribution systems in accordance with NFPA 70E. All repairs shall be completed by approved qualified/certified laborer(s) and be qualified to perform work, inspections, testing, and repair of breakers and commercial/industrial electrical distribution systems in accordance with NFPA 70E. Service provider and/or assigned project staff members shall have industry standard certifications and qualifications to include but not limited to current OSHA 30 and OSHA 10 certification and equivalent qualifications associated with requirements herein. Service provider shall submit documentation of technical training and certifications for personnel performing all work under the terms of this contract for review and acceptance prior to the start of work on site. All parts and/or materials and supplies shall be OEM original or equivalent. The Contracting Officer (CO) and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Service Provider s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon the credentials provided. The Service Provider shall submit a project schedule, work procedures, inspection procedures, testing procedures, all safety documentation, etc. for review and approval by VA Contracting Officer Representative and Safety Office before the start of work on site. The Service Provider shall have expertise necessary to remove defective equipment from electrical cabinets, furnish and install temporary breakers, repair the defective trip units, and provide new/refurbished breakers for purchase. Bidders shall perform a mandatory pre-bid walkthrough at 8:30 a.m. on April 06, 2026, at VA Medical Center West Haven located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. Meet at Building 15 and obtain a temporary badge and complete a sign-in sheet. SCOPE OF WORK The Service Provider shall furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, supervision, and all incidentals to complete work for the services described in this document. Electrical outages shall be coordinated and planned prior to the start of any work. All shutdowns and work shall be coordinated with VA Electrical Department and FMS leadership and the facility. Work shall be coordinated Monday Friday during regular business hours for facility support. Work shall be coordinated to minimally impact the facility and may be coordinated outside of the hours of 7:00 a.m. through 4:30 p.m. Early morning and evening hours can be expected and shall be estimated prior to award based upon similar experiences and known impacts. Provide an estimated four total Saturday schedules with hours that contain 8 hours each within the window of 6:00 a.m. through 5:00 p.m. Description of Services The project will include but not be limited to the following: Service Provider shall schedule and coordinate all work with VA COR, Utilities Supervisor, and Electric Shop Supervisor. All LOTO request and procedures shall be in compliance with the VA Connecticut Healthcare System Medical Center Policy 138-075. Coordinate all placement and removal of Lock Out Tag Out devices for any energy sources with the VA COR/Maintenance & Operations. Protect all equipment in place during replacement activities. Furnish and install temporary breakers like in kind for each breaker included in this scope of work for use during replacement and repair activities. Service Provider shall furnish appropriate tools, equipment, and certified labor to perform the following repairs: Inventory, deficiency, and special instructions: G.E Model AKRU-7D-305 with serial number 0343A7631-002-009 (spare) breaker: Main contacts to not make proper contact on switchboard stabs. Breakers require a complete rebuild to correct. G.E. Model Power Vac with serial number 0342A3964-003-01 (medium voltage Tie breaker): Breaker has intermittent issues with close circuit and needs to have close coil replaced. G.E. Model Power Vac with serial number 0342A3964-001-01 (medium voltage feeder breaker ( D feed): has racking mechanism damage and bent racking arms and needs arms and mechanism replaced. G.E. model AKR-7D-100 with serial number0343A7450-001-003 (208-volt tie breaker located in LC SSB1-2A): Breaker bent racking screw and needs to be replaced. G.E. model AKR-6D-50 (I30 in LC SSB1-2B): Readjust trip solenoid. G.E. model AKRU-7D-30S (208-volt feeder breaker) breaker has faulty electronic trip unit and issues trip arm does not operate properly breaker needs rebuild and trip unit replacement. Due to original trip units are obsolete and lack of availability of new surplus factory OEM trip units. Replace the trip unit with AC Pro trip unit kit or equivalent. G.E. model AKRU-7D-30S with serial number 0376A6369-001-04 (480-volt feeder breaker): Breaker suffered a major fault on the B phase main contact breaker needs to be rebuilt and main contact(s) replaced. Square D model DS-416 with serial number 6616C32G01 (1600-amp feeder breaker): Breaker has damaged indicator flag and faulty trip unit breaker needs new flag, Current Transformers and trip unit. Due to lack of availability of new surplus factory OEM trip units. Replace the trip unit with AC Pro trip unit kit or equivalent. Service Provider shall perform all post installation and repair inspections, testing, and certification of work completed. Acceptance testing shall be witnessed by the VA COR and VA Qualified Staff. Properly dispose of all waste and materials per local and federal regulations. Clean up all debris as required. SUBMITTALS/DELIVERABLES Service provider shall furnish all submittal item documentation (with final dispositions) and final documentation report with all tests, photos, and correction of deficiencies within 14 business days following the completion of work. Service provider shall furnish all material certifications for any replacement parts used. Service provider shall furnish a waste manifest as required. Minimum warranty of one year on all parts, labor, workmanship, and equipment shall be furnished. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS Service Provider Check-in: All employees of the service provider shall comply with VA Security Management Program and obtain permission of the VA Police and restricted from unauthorized access. Upon arrival, the Service Provider shall sign-in at Building 15 in West Haven and receive a temporary identification badge prior to performing services at VA Connecticut Healthcare System. The Service Provider shall wear visible identification always displaying the name and company ID while on site. All site visits shall be coordinated with the VA COR or assigned POC. Per Directive 1805, smoking, vaping, and smokeless tobacco are prohibited on the grounds of VA facilities, including in vehicles. This Directive applies to all Service providers and their employees. No photography of VA premises is allowed without written permission of the contracting officer. Patients and staff are not to be photographed at any time. Parking for Service provider and employees shall be in designated areas only. Service provider shall coordinate with VA COR. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall hold and save the government, its officers, and agents, free and harmless from liability of any nature occasioned by the Service provider s performance. Working space and space available for storing materials shall be as determined by the COR. Workers are subject to the rules of the Medical Center applicable to their conduct. Execute work in such a manner as to reduce impacts with work being done by others. Billing: Provide COR with a report or statement of work completed and include statements with request for payment. Statement should include service completed and the date each service item was completed. Labor charges shall be billed hurly, and any unused labor totals will be credited back to the VA Medical Center on the next billing cycle, upon receipt of the service report. NARA Records Management Requirements The following standard items relate to records generated in executing this contract: Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C. Chapter 21, 29, 31, and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. The Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. The Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage, or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under or relating to this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tnauri Woodbridge
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov
  - Phone: 203-932-5711 x2892

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Sources Sought Worksheet QUALIFICATION INFORMATION: Company / Institute Name: _______________________________________________________ Address: ______________________________________________________________________ Phone Number: ________________________________________________________________ Point of Contact: _______________________________________________________________ E-mail Address: ________________________________________________________________ Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) #:Â ___________________________________________________ CAGE Code: __________________________________________________________________ Other available contract vehicles (GSA/FSS/NASA SEWP/ETC): ________________________ _____________________________________________________________________________ _____________________________________________________________________________ SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS: VIP Verified SDVOSB: (Y / N) VIP Verified VOSB: (Y / N) 8(a): (Y / N) HUBZone: (Y / N) Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Small Business: (Y / N) NOTE: Respondent claiming SDVOSB and VOSB status shall be registered and Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE) verified in VetBiz Registry www.vetbiz.gov. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SDVOSB, VOSB, SMALL BUSINESSES OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Provide a brief capability and interest in providing the service as listed in Attachment 2 PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT with enough information to determine if your company can meet the requirement. The capabilities statement for this Sources Sought is not a Request for Quotation, Request for Proposal or Invitation for Bid, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach, but rather the Government is requesting a short statement regarding the company s ability to provide the services outlined in the PWS. Any commercial brochures or currently existing marketing material may also be submitted with the capabilities statement. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ Attachment 2 STATEMENT OF WORK WEST HAVEN ELECTRICAL REPAIRS AND BREAKER REPLACEMENT VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER WEST HAVEN 950 CAMPBELL AVENUE WEST HAVEN, CT 06516 BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System completed triennial breaker testing and requires repairs, breaker replacement, maintenance and repairs to existing equipment. JUSTIFICATION VHA Directive 1028, NFPA 70E, and The Joint Commission mandate triennial testing of the electrical distribution system to determine reliability, repairs, and maintenance requirements to ensure safe and reliable service to medical centers. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The place of performance for this contract is VA Connecticut Healthcare System, West Haven VA Medical Center located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The Contract Time Period of Performance shall be 90 days upon contract award and Notice to Proceed (NTP). QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall provide upon request, documentation of certification/training on the specific equipment under the terms of this contract. Bidders shall be evaluated on past performance, technical capability, and financial capability to perform the requirements of this work. Bidders shall submit a minimum of three (3) years of related scope and work experience with work, inspections, testing, and repair of breakers and commercial/industrial electrical distribution systems in accordance with NFPA 70E. All repairs shall be completed by approved qualified/certified laborer(s) and be qualified to perform work, inspections, testing, and repair of breakers and commercial/industrial electrical distribution systems in accordance with NFPA 70E. Service provider and/or assigned project staff members shall have industry standard certifications and qualifications to include but not limited to current OSHA 30 and OSHA 10 certification and equivalent qualifications associated with requirements herein. Service provider shall submit documentation of technical training and certifications for personnel performing all work under the terms of this contract for review and acceptance prior to the start of work on site. All parts and/or materials and supplies shall be OEM original or equivalent. The Contracting Officer (CO) and/or Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) specifically reserve the right to reject any of the Service Provider s personnel and refuse them permission to work on the equipment outlined herein, based upon the credentials provided. The Service Provider shall submit a project schedule, work procedures, inspection procedures, testing procedures, all safety documentation, etc. for review and approval by VA Contracting Officer Representative and Safety Office before the start of work on site. The Service Provider shall have expertise necessary to remove defective equipment from electrical cabinets, furnish and install temporary breakers, repair the defective trip units, and provide new/refurbished breakers for purchase. Bidders shall perform a mandatory pre-bid walkthrough at 8:30 a.m. on April 06, 2026, at VA Medical Center West Haven located at 950 Campbell Avenue; West Haven, CT 06516. Meet at Building 15 and obtain a temporary badge and complete a sign-in sheet. SCOPE OF WORK The Service Provider shall furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, supervision, and all incidentals to complete work for the services described in this document. Electrical outages shall be coordinated and planned prior to the start of any work. All shutdowns and work shall be coordinated with VA Electrical Department and FMS leadership and the facility. Work shall be coordinated Monday Friday during regular business hours for facility support. Work shall be coordinated to minimally impact the facility and may be coordinated outside of the hours of 7:00 a.m. through 4:30 p.m. Early morning and evening hours can be expected and shall be estimated prior to award based upon similar experiences and known impacts. Provide an estimated four total Saturday schedules with hours that contain 8 hours each within the window of 6:00 a.m. through 5:00 p.m. Description of Services The project will include but not be limited to the following: Service Provider shall schedule and coordinate all work with VA COR, Utilities Supervisor, and Electric Shop Supervisor. All LOTO request and procedures shall be in compliance with the VA Connecticut Healthcare System Medical Center Policy 138-075. Coordinate all placement and removal of Lock Out Tag Out devices for any energy sources with the VA COR/Maintenance & Operations. Protect all equipment in place during replacement activities. Furnish and install temporary breakers like in kind for each breaker included in this scope of work for use during replacement and repair activities. Service Provider shall furnish appropriate tools, equipment, and certified labor to perform the following repairs: Inventory, deficiency, and special instructions: G.E Model AKRU-7D-305 with serial number 0343A7631-002-009 (spare) breaker: Main contacts to not make proper contact on switchboard stabs. Breakers require a complete rebuild to correct. G.E. Model Power Vac with serial number 0342A3964-003-01 (medium voltage Tie breaker): Breaker has intermittent issues with close circuit and needs to have close coil replaced. G.E. Model Power Vac with serial number 0342A3964-001-01 (medium voltage feeder breaker ( D feed): has racking mechanism damage and bent racking arms and needs arms and mechanism replaced. G.E. model AKR-7D-100 with serial number0343A7450-001-003 (208-volt tie breaker located in LC SSB1-2A): Breaker bent racking screw and needs to be replaced. G.E. model AKR-6D-50 (I30 in LC SSB1-2B): Readjust trip solenoid. G.E. model AKRU-7D-30S (208-volt feeder breaker) breaker has faulty electronic trip unit and issues trip arm does not operate properly breaker needs rebuild and trip unit replacement. Due to original trip units are obsolete and lack of availability of new surplus factory OEM trip units. Replace the trip unit with AC Pro trip unit kit or equivalent. G.E. model AKRU-7D-30S with serial number 0376A6369-001-04 (480-volt feeder breaker): Breaker suffered a major fault on the B phase main contact breaker needs to be rebuilt and main contact(s) replaced. Square D model DS-416 with serial number 6616C32G01 (1600-amp feeder breaker): Breaker has damaged indicator flag and faulty trip unit breaker needs new flag, Current Transformers and trip unit. Due to lack of availability of new surplus factory OEM trip units. Replace the trip unit with AC Pro trip unit kit or equivalent. Service Provider shall perform all post installation and repair inspections, testing, and certification of work completed. Acceptance testing shall be witnessed by the VA COR and VA Qualified Staff. Properly dispose of all waste and materials per local and federal regulations. Clean up all debris as required. SUBMITTALS/DELIVERABLES Service provider shall furnish all submittal item documentation (with final dispositions) and final documentation report with all tests, photos, and correction of deficiencies within 14 business days following the completion of work. Service provider shall furnish all material certifications for any replacement parts used. Service provider shall furnish a waste manifest as required. Minimum warranty of one year on all parts, labor, workmanship, and equipment shall be furnished. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS Service Provider Check-in: All employees of the service provider shall comply with VA Security Management Program and obtain permission of the VA Police and restricted from unauthorized access. Upon arrival, the Service Provider shall sign-in at Building 15 in West Haven and receive a temporary identification badge prior to performing services at VA Connecticut Healthcare System. The Service Provider shall wear visible identification always displaying the name and company ID while on site. All site visits shall be coordinated with the VA COR or assigned POC. Per Directive 1805, smoking, vaping, and smokeless tobacco are prohibited on the grounds of VA facilities, including in vehicles. This Directive applies to all Service providers and their employees. No photography of VA premises is allowed without written permission of the contracting officer. Patients and staff are not to be photographed at any time. Parking for Service provider and employees shall be in designated areas only. Service provider shall coordinate with VA COR. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall hold and save the government, its officers, and agents, free and harmless from liability of any nature occasioned by the Service provider s performance. Working space and space available for storing materials shall be as determined by the COR. Workers are subject to the rules of the Medical Center applicable to their conduct. Execute work in such a manner as to reduce impacts with work being done by others. Billing: Provide COR with a report or statement of work completed and include statements with request for payment. Statement should include service completed and the date each service item was completed. Labor charges shall be billed hurly, and any unused labor totals will be credited back to the VA Medical Center on the next billing cycle, upon receipt of the service report. NARA Records Management Requirements The following standard items relate to records generated in executing this contract: Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C. Chapter 21, 29, 31, and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. The Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. The Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage, or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under or relating to this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/50263cf8d8594e0ebb3ba6400181e6b7/view)