---
layout: default
title: Yuma Proving Ground (YPG) Vertical Wind Tunnel (VWT) Chillers Replacement
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 0c935153568349928d15fc6ff3005993
---

# Yuma Proving Ground (YPG) Vertical Wind Tunnel (VWT) Chillers Replacement

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 20:18:41.556-04
- Solicitation Number: W912PL26S0017

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT/REQUEST FOR INFORMATION ONLY. This is not a Solicitation Announcement, nor is it a Request for Proposal. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Los Angeles District, is conducting market research to identify prime contractors capable of the design-build replacement of the chiller and control system for the Vertical Wind Tunnel (VWT) at Yuma Proving Ground, Arizona. This notice is for market research and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. The Government is not committing to awarding a contract based on this notice. Project Overview Project Title: Yuma Proving Ground (YPG) Vertical Wind Tunnel (VWT) Chillers Replacement Location: Yuma Proving Ground, Arizona, Building 2590 Estimated Magnitude of Construction: Between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000 Anticipated Contract Type: Firm-Fixed-Price, Design-Build (DB) Anticipated Period of Performance: 365 days Scope of Work: The anticipated scope of work is for a complete design-build solution to replace an existing 450-ton chiller with respective control system. The chiller system must provide reliable cooling performance under peak summer conditions and integrate with the VWT’s main flight control system. The anticipated scope includes, but is not limited to, the following: Develop a complete design for the new chilled water system, capable of delivering its required cooling capacity at a 120°F ambient design temperature. The design shall include a full evaluation of existing electrical, HVAC, and plumbing infrastructure to identify all necessary upgrades. Perform all site work, including potentially constructing a new concrete pad for the chillers, shading structures, retaining walls, utility tie-ins, grading, and pavement repair. Removing existing airflow obstructions (e.g., retrofitted metal enclosures) for existing chiller units. Procure and install two new water-cooled chillers (approximately 1,000 tons total). Install a new, direct digital control system and hardware and software that corresponds with the new chillers. Ensure the new chiller control system seamlessly interfaces with the VWT's main flight control system, accepting commands from and providing status to the main operator's console and the main base Energy Monitoring and Control System (EMCS). Assess the replacement of the VWT's main flight control system to ensure appropriate interface with the new chiller control system. Procure and install as recommended by the assessment. Upgrade electrical service transformer and switchboard for new chiller system. Assess replacement options for existing Variable Frequency Drives (VFDs) for vertical wind tunnel fans. Procure and install new Variable Frequency Drives (VFDs) as recommended by assessment. Provide full system testing, adjusting, and balancing (TAB), including robust operational checks at high-throttle to prove performance under peak load. Provide a comprehensive warranty and a plan for long-term operation and maintenance support to ensure maximization of system performance throughout the lifetime of the new VWT chillers and control system. The Government anticipates that this requirement will involve Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) and may require compliance with Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 2. Interested firms are requested to indicate their current CMMC status, including whether they have achieved CMMC Level 2 certification or their anticipated timeline for compliance. Intent to Specify Brand-Name Item: The Government intends to specify the following brand-name item in the resulting solicitation for this project: Item: Vertical Wind Tunnel Flight Control System (Hardware and Software) Brand Name: iFLY / SkyVenture Tunnel Systems Justification: The new VWT chillers and control system must seamlessly integrate with the main VWT's flight control system. The iFly VWT flight control system is a proprietary and existing operational system for the VWT at Yuma Proving Ground. The use of a Non-Original Equipment Manufacture (OEM) system would introduce unacceptable operational risks and compromise the integrity of this mission critical training asset. Standardization of the iFly platform is essential for lifecycle management, operator safety and mission readiness. Interested parties may provide a response to this brand-name specification as part of their submission (see Submission Requirements). Acquisition Strategy : Information gathered from this Sources Sought notice will be used to determine the appropriate acquisition approach, including the potential for any small business set-asides. The anticipated North American Industry Classification Code (NAICS) is 236220, Commercial and Institutional Building Construction, with a corresponding size standard of $45,000,000.00. The anticipated Product Service Code (PSC) is Y1AZ – Construction Of Other Administrative Facilities and Service Buildings Submission Requirements: Interested PRIME CONTRACTORS are requested to respond to this Sources Sought notice. Interested Offeror’s may submit a capability statement demonstrating their ability to perform the work as described above. Responses shall not exceed a total of six (6) pages, not including CPARS. The capability statement must include the following: Offer Information: Provide the Offeror's complete corporate information. This includes the full Offeror’s name, address, and a primary point of contact with their name, telephone number, and email address. Additionally, Offerors must state their Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), their CAGE code, their official business size with all applicable socio-economic classifications such as Small Business, HUBZone, or 8(a), and all relevant NAICS code designations under which the Offeror qualifies. Bonding: State the Offeror's bonding capability, including the construction bonding level per single contract and the aggregate construction bonding level (both expressed in dollars), along with current available bonding capacity. Capability: Capability statement must include a comprehensive narrative describing the Offeror's capability to successfully perform the proposed project. This section should address the firm's established ability to manage subcontractors across multiple disciplines, to prepare and comply with various environmental and construction permits, and its capacity to execute a project of this nature concurrently with other ongoing construction contracts. Cybersecurity: Provide a statement on the Offeror's CMMC Level 2 status or its anticipated compliance timeline. Relevant Past Performance: Provide detailed descriptions of no more than three (3) projects that have been completed or are at least 50% complete within the past six (6) years. The response must demonstrate significant experience with chiller and control system projects for vertical wind tunnels or for other systems of equivalent technical complexity. Each submitted project example must have a construction value that falls within the estimated magnitude of this project ($1,000,000 to $5,000,000) and must have been performed on a U.S. or Allied military installation under a U.S. Government Contracting Agency. For each of these projects, the submission must include the project title, its location, a general description demonstrating its direct relevance to the project scope, the Offeror’s role, the percentage of self-performed work, the final contract value, the contract type, and the client agency's contact information (reference name, phone number, and e-mail address). For the past experience given, provide CPARS or related ratings information. The ratings info does not count towards the page count. Response to Brand-Name Specification: Provide an alternative to using mentioned equipment, with supporting rationale, that would alleviate the Government’s concerns regarding system compatibility. Important Notices: Safety Compliance: All construction contracts awarded by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers require compliance with the EM 385-1-1, Safety and Occupational Health Requirements manual. Market Research Only: This is a market research tool to determine the availability of qualified contractors. No contract will be awarded from this announcement. No Reimbursement: No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this notice. SAM.gov: The final solicitation and all amendments will be posted on https://www.sam.gov. All interested parties must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM.gov) to be eligible for award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nardos Taeme
  - Email: nardos.taeme@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2134524295
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Roger Minami
  - Email: kinya.r.minami@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0c935153568349928d15fc6ff3005993/view)