---
layout: default
title: CYLINDER,WATER
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 644ee80a4b814ee6a1cbd71e691a4105
---

# CYLINDER,WATER

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-27 07:20:26.881-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRPA126RYA72

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT|8|||X|ISO 9001 OR HIGHER||||| TIME OF DELIVERY (JUNE 1997)|20|0001AA|1 EACH|220|0001AB|1 EACH|220||||||||||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|TBD||TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD||||||||| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (JUN 2020)|4||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (JAN 2025)|4||||| EQUAL OPPORTUITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| FIRST ARTICLE APPROVAL--CONTRACTOR TESTING (SEP 1989)|10||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| LIMITATION OF LIABILITY--HIGH-VALUE ITEMS (FEB 1997)|1|| ESTIMATE OF PERCENTAGE OF RECOVERED MATERIAL CONTENT FOR EPA DESIGNATED PRODUCTS (MAY 2008))|1|| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM (FEB 2024)|1|| ROYALTY INFORMATION (APR 1984)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND 2025-O0004))|12|336413|1,250||||||||||| COST ACCOUNTING STANDARD NOTICES AND CERTIFICATION (DEVIATION 2018-O0015)(MAY 2018))|1|| INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS--COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION (NOV 2021)|2||| FACSIMILE PROPOSALS (OCT 1997)|1|| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, ANDENERGY PROGRAM USE (APR 2008))|2||X| EVALUATION OF FIRST ARTICLE TESTING|3|||| Please submit all Post Award Requests (PARs) to dlawsphlpostawd@dla.mil . Include the Contract, Solicitation, and PR number, the Contracting Officer'sName, and the purpose of the request. Please be as specific as possible. Wholeorder or specific CLIN/CLINs? Include all relevant information and supportingdocumentation, if necessary. This solicitation is being issued under Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities(EAF) Authority formally known as Special Emergency Procurement Authority(SEPA). 100 Percent Small Business Set Aside applies to this procurement. THIS IS A CRITICAL SAFETY ITEM (CSI). For Critical Safety Items (CSI), DFARS clause 252.209-7010, Identification of Critical Safety Items, is incorporated by reference. This solicitation includes procurement note L09 Reverse Auction (Oct 2016) from DLAD 15.407-90. The Government may conduct a reverse auction. The following is included in section M of this solicitation: The Government will consider all responsible offerors/quoters for the award. The Government will evaluate offerors/quoters based on price, delivery timeframe, and past performance. All evaluation factors other than cost or price, when combined, are approximately equal to cost or price. Please email copy of proposal to kenneth.lauber@dla.mil \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 PRE-AWARD / POST AWARD REQUIREMENTS: Due to the critical use of this item and its quality history, a pre-award survey and post-award conference may be required for all new manufacturers. For all previous sources, a post-award conference may be recommended.

1.2 The components being acquired under this solicitation have been classified as Flight Critical requiring engineering source approval by the Naval Air Systems Command. Only those companies who have submitted requests for source approval and been approved will be eligible for award under this solicitation. Any company not previously approved may submit a Source Approval Request to the contracting officer, Naval Inventory Control Point, (See Block 10 of the SF33 for name and code). The Source Approval Request shall contain the following documentation and shall be submitted by the closing date of this solicitation: (A) Copy of complete configuration drawings for a similar item(s) which your company has produced within the past three years, including test procedures for which your company (1) has been qualified to manufacture and (2) which is similar, i.e., requires the same materials, manufacturing processes, inspections, tolerances and similar application as the item(s) for which you are seeking approval. (B) Copy of the complete process/operation sheets used to manufacuture the similar item, including but not limited to, detailed shop sketches. These plans must note those operations and processes performed by subcontractors/ vendors. (C) Complete copies of purchase orders, shipping documents, etc. that document delivery of production quantities of the part to the Original Equipment Manufacturer or Military service. Provide the most recent copies of the documents. (D) A detailed comparative analysis of the differences/similarities between the similar part and the part(s) for which you are seeking approval. This analysis should include materials, configuration, tolerances, process requirements, dimensions, castings, forgings, etc. (E) Copy of inspection method sheets used in the manufacturing and at final inspection. These sheets should include actual tolerance, print requirements, inspection devices, sources performing the operation and level of inspection. Critical characteristics should be discernible from all other characteristics. The above requirements are a subset of requirements specified in the ASO Source Approval Information Brochure dated January 1995. The submission of this data subset is contingent upon and in consideration of the submitting contractor meeting all other requirements specified in this solicitation to include a bilateral agreement with MDA which includes availability of complete data, MRB disposition, etc. Any company not having such agreement, but desiring to seek engineering source approval, will be required to submit data meeting all requirements of the ASO/NAVICP Source Approval Brochure.

1.3 Sampling rates (AQLs) indicated below shall be used in accordance with ANSI Z1.4 for Single Sampling and a General Inspection Level of II.

1.4 In addition to the 100% PCO Mandatory, critical and major characteristics, attributes for plating, hardness and non-destructive testing will be inspected one hundred percent.

1.5 Contractor shall develop a system for identification of individual piece parts for traceability purposes. Markings shall not be permanent.

1.6 An AQL of 1.5 will be used for Class 3 threads and dimensions, and geometric feature controls with a tolerance range of .010 or less.

1.7 For minor characteristics, a sampling rate determined by the contractor and subject to QAR approval will be used.

1.8 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system enabling the launch and/or recovery of aircraft. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in a serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems or loss of aircraft. Therefore,the material has been designated as Critical material and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material.

1.9 Articles to be furnished hereunder shall be manufactured, tested and inspected in accordance with ;NAWCADLKE DRAWING PACKAGE; drawing number ( ;80020; ) ;610614-12R; , Revision ;REV AB; and all details and specifications referenced therein.

1.10 Unless expressly provided for elsewhere in this clause, equipment such as fixtures, jigs, dies, patterns, mylars, special tooling, test equipment, or any other manufacturing aid required for the manufacture and/or testing of the subject item(s) will not be provided by the Government or any other source and is the sole responsibility of the contractor. The foregoing applies notwithstanding any reference to such equipment or the furnishing thereof that may be contained in any drawing or referenced specification.

1.11 If MIL-STD-454 is referenced in the drawings or in the specification, the contractor is expected to show compliance with IPC/EIAJ-STD-001C. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS DRAWING DATA=A422184 |80020| M| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=MPR-1072 |80020| -| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=MPR-12 |80020| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=MPR-1218 |80020| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=MPR-26 |80020| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=14-31930 |80020| R| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=14-40724 |80020|AG| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=14-50684 |80020|AM| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=316313 |80020| R| |A| | | | DRAWING DATA=318238 |80020| H| |C| | | | DRAWING DATA=410267 |80020| L| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=427210 |80020| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=506819 |80020| R| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=509441 |80020|AC| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=610507 |80020|AC| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=610614 |80020|AB| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=611985 |80020| K| |D| | | | 3. REQUIREMENTS - NOT APPLICABLE 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 1. Unique Requirements: a. Please identify the REI/TDR Number cited on the cover page of this TDR in any contract that results from using this TDR. For example, using the following statement: "In support of this solicitation/contract for this ALRE item, TDR No. 25-10140 was used." b. All records pertaining to ALRE CSI/CAI manufacture and inspection/test shall be provided to the ALRE Cognizant Technical Authority. All records shall be maintained by LKE QA and by the manufacturer for a period of seven years. 2. Interim Inspection Requirements: The following item(s) requires an Interim Inspection at the contractor?s location: a. P/N 610614-12R, Cylinder Assembly (CSI): i. Witness of critical and major dimensional inspections per Drawing 610614. b. P/N 14-40724-2; Ring, Annulus w/Key (CSI): i. Witness of penetrant inspection per Note 9 of Drawing 14-40724 (M103). ii. Verification of material properties per Note 13 of Drawing 14-40724 (M102). iii. Witness of dimensional inspection per Drawing 14-40724 (C1-C3, M101). c. P/N 610507-6, Cylinder (CSI): i. Verification of surface finish per Note 2 of Drawing 610507 (C1). ii. Verification of manufacturing per Note 3 of Drawing 610507 (C2). iii. Witness of magnetic particle inspection per Note 3 of Drawing 610507 (C2). iv. Witness of dimensional inspection per Drawing 610507 (C1, M102-M122). 3. ALRE CSI parts require certification. a. When certified, an ALRE part is marked with a Material Identification Code (MIC). NAWCADLKE QA will provide the MIC to DCMA if the component is source ac cepted, and after receipt of all associated data. Application of MIC shall be in the same methodology as the drawing note for part marking, and in same area as part marking (next to, above, or below). 4. Receipt inspection and Certification of Sub-Components: a. P/Ns 14-40724-2 and 610507-6 shall be certified at the time of interim inspection. 5. Receipt Inspection and Certification of the Top Assembly: a. The receipt Inspection and Certification of the Top Assembly, P/N 610614-12R, shall occur during the final inspection. 6. Contractor Assist and Part Marking: a. The contractor shall assist on the conduct of the inspections (both final and interim) required that are necessary to certify the critical items specified herein. The contractor shall provide adequate facilities, inspection equipment, and skilled personnel, to support the NAWCADLKE Inspector in the conduct of the interim inspection(s). The contractor shall pro-vide gauges, tools, fixtures,and jigs necessary to perform the inspections. The contractor shall also provide sufficient rigging/material handling services and manpower to setup/configure/operate equipment & machines used to accomplish the inspection task. This contractor assist requirement shall be applicable to 100% of the production quantities. As part of the MRI process, the NAWCADLKE QA representative will provide, in writing, a certification number along with direction for marking the Critical Safety Items (CSI). QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS: 1.The solicitation/contract shall contain the NAWCADLKE inspection surveillance clause as follows: a. Because of the critical nature of this material, a representative of the Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division Lakehurst (NAWCADLKE) is available to furnish technical assistance on Quality Assurance (QA) matters and shall h ave the option of conducting QA surveillance for the first lot produced under this contract (and all subsequent lots if necessary). This requirement will be performed in conjunction with the government QAS of the cognizant Defense Contract Management Activity and does not abrogate the authority or responsib ility of the designated government QAS. The contractor agrees to notify jose. g.torraca.civ@us.navy.mil, NAWC QA section Code BL41600, Lakehurst, NJ 08733- 035 and the PCO when the material is scheduled to be presented to the DCMA government QAS for Government inspection and acceptance. This notice shall afford the NAWCADLKE QA representative the option of being present during the inspection. A minimum of fourteen (14) working days is required to arrange the surveillance visit. Notification shall include the following information: Company Name, Cage Code, Phone number, Fax number, Contract number, Point of Contact, Part Nomenclature, Part Number, NIIN, Type of Inspection, and Quantity of parts. b. Due to the critical nature of this item, it is necessary to conduct in-process inspections on critical component features, attributes, or manufacturing processes. The contractor agrees to notify jose.g.torraca.civ@us.navy.mil,NAWC QA section Code BL41600, Lakehurst, NJ 08733-5035 and the PCO when material is scheduled for the interim nspection(s) that are identified herein. This notice shall afford the NAWCADLKE QA representative the option of being present during the inspection. A minimum of seven (7) working days is required to arrange the surveillance visit. Notification shall include the following information: Company Name, Cage Code, Phone number, Fax number, Contract number, Point of Contact, Part No menclature, Part Number, NIIN, Type of Inspection, and Quantity of parts. 2.The contractor shall perform Quality Conformance and Lot Sampling Inspection for all associated features that are present inthe drawings and specifications: a.Features/attributes/requirements classified as Critical and Major on the drawing(s) or within the technical specification shall be inspected and shall have the actual dimensions documented 100%; b.Attributes for plating, hardness, and non-destructive testing shall be inspected 100%; c.Class 3 Threads, dimensions, and geometric feature controls with a tolerance range of .010 or less shall be inspectedusing an AQL of 1.5 and the General Inspection Level II as defined by ANSI Z1.4 d.Minor Characteristics: Sampling shall be inspected using an AQL of 4.0 and the General Inspection Level II as de-fined by ANSI Z1.4. 3. The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system supporting the launch and/or recovery of aircraft. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in a serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of aircraft. Therefore, the material has been designated as Critical Safety Item (CSI) material and special control proce dures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 4.First Article Testing: The contractor shall conduct First Article testing on this item of ALRE/SE and must address all elements listed below and prepare a First Article Test Report documenting the outcome. Unless otherwise specified, the report and its acceptance shall be per the provisions of the applicable Contract Data Requirements List (CDRL). a.Requirements: i. First Article quantity is one (1); in uncoated condition. ii. The First Article shall be available for Government evaluation per the contract schedule. The Evaluation shall be conducted in the presence of the Government personnel. Accordingly, the contractor shall allow time to arrange for NAWC participation in accordance with the "NAWCADLKE Inspection Witness Option"; iii. The contractor shall provide facilities and personnel sufficient to conduct all necessary tests to establish conformance. iv. The contractor shall have available for review all certifications, test reports, in-process inspection documents needed to substantiate product quality; this same documentation shall also be included in the First Article REPORT. v. The contractor shall, at the time of First Article, have corrected any problem areas deemed significant anddocumented as deficient by the Government within his/her Quality Assurance system not previously identi-fied during prior evaluations and/or surveys; any problems identified during the conduct of the test willalso require correction. b. Testing and evaluation: i. The contractor shall accomplish 100% inspection and/or testing of all critical, major, and minor dimensions and/or requirements identified in the drawings, drawing notes, and process and fabrication specifications. Results shall consist of actual dimensions, measurements, and test outcomes and shall be recorded and included in the First Article test report. c. Acceptance/reject criteria: i. Satisfactorily meeting all requirements cited in the First Article Testing ?Requirements? paragraph above and satisfactorily demonstrating 100% conformance to the test and evaluation elements cited in the First Article Testing ?Testing and evaluation? paragraph above shall constitute acceptance of the First Article; ii. Failure to meet any of the conditions in the First Article Testing ?Requirements? paragraph above or the First Article Testing "Testing and evaluation" paragraph above shall be cause for rejection. d. Delivery: i. The accepted First Article exhibit may be delivered and counted along with the contract production quantities providing the item has not been dama ged during testing, and has been found to be conforming; ii. The contractor is responsible for preparing the First Article Test Report in accordance with CDRL?s. 5. Production Lot Special Tests: N/A 6. For purposes of this TDR, the term NDT shall refer to the following methods: MT - Magnetic Particle Testing, PT ? Pene-trant Inspection, UT ? Ultrasonic Testing, RT ? Radiographic Testing, and VT ? Visual Testing. 7. Companies performing NDT shall be NADCAP accredited, or a laboratory Accredited by one of the organizations listed below as satisfying ISO 17025 (General requirements for the competence of testing and calibration laboratories). NDT certificates shall be bear the symbols of accreditation and the accreditation body a. American Association for Laboratory Accreditation (A2LA) b. ANSI National Accreditation Board (ANAB) c. International Accreditation Service, Inc. (IAS) d. National Voluntary Laboratory Accreditation Program (NVLAP) e. Perry Johnson Laboratory Accreditation, Inc. (PJLA) f. Canadian Association for Laboratory Accreditation Inc. (CALA) g. Standards Council of Canada (SCC)

4.1 Review documentation as provided under DD 1423 requirements.

4.2 CRITICAL MANUFACTURING PROCESSES ( ;APPLIES; ) HEAT TREAT ( ;APPLIES; ) WELDING ( ; ; ) CADMIUM PLATING ( ; ; ) ENGINEERING CHROME PLATING ( ; ; ) NICKEL CHROME PLATING ( ;APPLIES; ) CASTING(S) ( ; ; ) FORGING(S) ( ;APPLIES; ) MPR (MATERIAL PROCESSING REQUIREMENTS)

4.3 The test to be performed under the First Article approval clause (FAR 52.209-3) of the contract are listed below 4.3.1 Dimensional test (special) ;APPLIES; 4.3.2 Requirements of: ;NAWC LAKEHURST DRAWING PACKAGE; 4.3.3 Form ;APPLIES; 4.3.4 Fit ;N/A; 4.3.5 Function ;N/A; 4.3.6 Compliance with drawing ( ;80020; ) ;610614; , Revision ;REV AB; and specifications referenced therein.

4.4 In addition to the above tests, the First Article(s) to be inspected hereunder shall also be subjected to those tests which will demonstrate that the article(s) comply with the contract requirements

4.5 The contractor shall be responsible for providing the necessary parts and repair of the First Article Sample(s) during inspection

4.6 The contractor shall notify the PCO, ACO, and QAR fourteen (14) days prior to conducting the First Article test so that the Government may witness such testing. 4.6.1 The QAR shall be present to witness all First Article Testing. 4.6.2 The following additional personnel shall witness the First Article Testing: ;JOSE TORRACA NAWCADLKE QA REP / Tel: (732)-323-2834 E-mail: jose.g.torraca.civ@us.navy.mil;

4.7 Disposition of FAT samples 4.7.1 ; ; Sample(s) may be destroyed during testing. 4.7.2 ;APPLIES; Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, sample(s) shall remain at the contractor and may be considered as production items under the contract provided the sample(s) can be refurbished to ready for issue condition and provided the sample(s) have inspection approval of the cognizant DCMC QAR. Sample(s) may be shipped as production items only after all other units required under the contract have been produced and are ready for shipment.

4.8 Test Sample Coating Instructions 4.8.1 Samples are to be unpainted. Corrosive areas are to be coated with a light preservative if required.

4.9 Notice to Government of Testing at the contractors facility. 4.9.1 FAR 52.209-3 applies (A) The contractor shall present ;ONE; ; unit(s) of the following CAGE( ;80020; ; ), Part Number ;610614-12R; ; , Revision ;REV AB; ; as specified in this contract. At least fourteen (14) calendar days before the beginning of the First Article testing, the contractor shall notify the contracting officer, in writing, of the time and location of the testing so that the Government may witness the tests. (B) The contractor shall submit the First Article Test Report within 15 calendar days from the date of testing to: ;P.C.O.; ; The contractor shall mark the report "First Article Test Report" and cite the contract number and lot/item number. Review documentation as provided under the DD1423 requirements. (C) Within 45 calendar days after the Government inspects the First Article, the contracting officer shall notify the contractor, in writing, of the approval, conditional approval, or disapproval of the First Article. The notice of approval, conditional approval, or disapproval shall not relieve the contractor from complying with all requirements of the specifications and all other terms and conditions of this contract. A notice of conditional approval shall state any further action required of the contractor. A notice of disapproval shall cite reasons for disapproval. (D) If the First Article is disapproved, the contractor, upon Government request shall repeat any or all First Article Tests. After each request for additional tests, the contractor shall make any necessary changes, modifications, or repairs to the First Article or select another First Article for testing. All costs related to these tests are to be borne by the contractor, including any and all costs for additional tests following a disapproval. The contractor shall then conduct the tests and deliver another report to the Government under the terms and conditions and within the time specified in paragraph B above. The Government reserves the right to require an equitable adjustment of the contract price for any extension of the delivery schedule or for any additional costs to the Government related to these tests. (E) If the contractor fails to present any First Article on time, or the contracting officer disapproves any First Article, the contractor shall be deemed to have failed to make delivery within the meaning of the default clause of this contract. (F) Unless otherwise provided in the contract, and if the approved First Article is not consumed or destroyed in testing, the contractor may deliver the approved First Article as part of the contract quantity if it meets all contract requirements for acceptance. (G) If the Government does not act within the time specified in paragraph (C) above the contracting officer, shall, upon timely written request from the contractor, equitably adjust under the Changes clause of this contract the delivery or performance dates and/or the contract price, and any other contractual term affected by the delay. (H) Before First Article Approval, the acquisition of materials or components for, or the commencement of production or, the balance of the contract quantity is at the sole risk of the contractor. Before First Article approval, the costs thereof shall not be allocated to this contract for 1) progress payments, or 2) termination settlements if the contract is terminated for the convenience of the Government. The contractor is responsible for providing operating and maintenance instructions, spare parts, and repair of the First Article during any First Article test. (I) The contractor shall produce both the First Article and the production quantity at the same facility and shall submit a certification to the effect with each First Article. (J) The test report (2 copies) shall be in accordance with MIL-STD-831, unless otherwise specified on the DD1423, and shall be submitted via the cognizant DCMC to NAVSUP, ATTN: (Cite name and code in Block 10.a of the SF33). The DCMC shall provide comments on Form DD1222 (2 copies) which shall be forwarded with the test report. Approval of the test report is the PCO's responsibility. Upon notification of approval, condition approval, the ACO shall execute the DD250 to indicate Government acceptance of the test report.

4.10 Alternate Offers - Waiver of First Article Approval Requirements. (The following provisions supersede any waiver of First Article Approval Requirements terms set forth in clause 52.209-3 or 52.209-4 as appropriate) (A) Unless otherwise specified in the solicitation, NAVSUP WSS reserves the right to waive the First Article Approval Requirements specified herein for offerors who have previously furnished identical production articles accepted by the Government or the Original Equipment Manufacturer/Prime Manufacturer. An offeror requesting waiver of First Article Requirements shall submit evidence with its offer establishing that: (I) the last production unit was delivered within three (3) years of the issue date of this solicitation, and (II) the production location to be used for this requirement is the same as used for the previous production run. Additionally, the offeror shall submit a certification, to be executed by the officer or employee for the offer, stating that: (I) the articles to be provided will be produced using the same facilities, processes, sequences of operations and approved subcontractors as those previously delivered and accepted by the Government or the Original Equipment Manufacturer/Prime Manufacturer, and (II) the previous production units were manufactured without Material Review Board disposition or waiver/deviation request or rejection of pre-production samples for cause. (NOTE: This certification concerns a matter within the jurisdiction of an agency of the United States and the making of a false, fictitious, or fraudulent certification may render the maker subject to prosecution under Title 18, United States Code, Section 1001.) (B) Offerors requesting waiver of First Article Approval Requirements under the provisions of this clause are cautioned to submit two prices for articles required herein - one that is based on compliance with the First Article Approval Requirements and one that is based on a waiver of such requirements. Where an offeror submits only one price and fails to clearly state that the price is based on waiver of the First Article Approval Requirements it will be deemed to be based on compliance with the First Article Approval Requirements (C) In the event of the First Article Approval Requirement is granted, the delivery schedule for the production items shall be reduced by the number of days designated for delivery of First Article Test unit plus the number of calendar days indicated for the government notification of conditional approval or approval. These requirements are specified in the quality assurance section of this solicitation. If the offeror is unable to meet the desired schedule, he shall insert below the alternate delivery schedule he offers to the government. Offeror's Proposed Alternate Delivery Schedule (Based on waiver of First Article Approval Requirements) Within Days: Item No. _____________ Quantity:_______ After Date of Contract:_________ 4.11 . Mandatory Inspection Requirements: 100% Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) mandatory inspection is required and shall be accomplished at source under the surveillance and final approval of the cognizant DCMAO Quality Assurance Representative (QAR). During production, mandatory inspection is required to be accomplished by the contractor as follows: A. Level of Inspection (LOI). 1. Critical characteristics: 100% inspection shall apply. 2. Major and Minor characteristics: LOI shall be in accordance with a sampling plan acceptable to the QAR. B. Critical characteristics: ;JOSE TORRACA NAWCADLKE QA REP / Tel: (732)-323-2834 E-mail: jose.g.torraca.civ@us.navy.mil; C. Major and Minor characteristics 1. Shall be defined by the contractor subject to QAR concurrence, unless defined on applicable drawings and associated specifications.

4.12 SPECIAL INSPECTION REQUIREMENTS ( ;APPLIES; ) MAGNETIC PARTICLE INSPECTION ( ;APPLIES; ) SURFACE INSPECTION ( ;APPLIES; ) PENETRANT INSPECTION ( ;APPLIES; ) RADIOGRAPHIC INSPECTION ( ; ; ) ULTRSONIC INSPECTION ( ; ; ) HIGH SHOCK TEST ( ; ; ) MECHANICAL VIBRATION TEST

4.13 FINAL INSPECTION REQUIREMENT:Due to the critical nature of this item, representatives of the buying office/and the cognizant field activity, NAWC Lakehurst, shall be notified by the successful contractor at least 14 days prior to presentation to the DCM QAR of the items for final inspection so that they may have the option of witnessing the final inspection. The contractor shall notify by email or TELEFAX PCO and NAWC Lakehurst QA ;JOSE TORRACA NAWCADLKE QA REP / Tel: (732)-323-2834 E-mail: jose.g.torraca.civ@us.navy.mil; to arrange for the final inspection.The authority of the QAR shall not be abrogated. If the notification is not given to both sites then the QAR shall not accept the units.

4.14 IN PROCESS INSPECTION REQUIREMENTS: Due to the critical nature of this item it is necessary to conduct in-process inspections on critical component features, attributes, or manufacturing processes. The contractor shall notify the PCO and NAWC via email or TELEFAX PCO and NAWC Lakehurst QA ;JOSE TORRACA NAWCADLKE QA REP / Tel: (732)-323-2834 E-mail: jose.g.torraca.civ@us.navy.mil; to arrange for the in-process inspection. A minimum of 10 days is needed for advance notice for each occurrence. The authority of the QAR shall not be abrogated. The QAR shall verify that timely notification was given all parties listed below. CHARACTERISICS TO BE INSPECTED: ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE THIS IS AN ALRE CRITICAL SAFETY ITEM. FOR DRAWING UPDATES, SEE ATTACHED NAWC LKE DRAWING UPDATE SHEET. NAVSUP REFERENCE ONLY: PROCUREMENT TDR (25-10140): REPAIR TDR (24-10144) THE COMPONENTS BEING ACQUIRED UNDER THIS SOLICITATION HAVE BEEN CLASSIFIED AS "CRITICAL" REQUIRING ENGINEERING SOURCE APPROVAL BY NAVAL AIR SYSTEMS COMMAND ONLY THOSE COMPANIES WHO HAVE SUBMITTED AND BEEN APPROVED WILL BE ELIGIBLE FORAWARD UNDER THIS SOLICITATION. ANY COMPANY MAY SUBMIT A SOURCE APPROVAL REQUESTAS OUTLINED IN THIS SOLICITATION. All records pertaining to ALRE CSI/CAI manufacture and inspection/test shall be provided to the ALRE Cognizant Technical Authority. All records shall be maintained by LKE QA and by the manufacturer for a period of seven years. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ 16. REMARKS: (BLOCK 12) Concurrently with the delivery of FAT items. Inspectio...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2137373962
  - Email: KENNETH.LAUBER@DLA.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: be delivered and counted along with the contract production quantities providing the item has not been dama ged during testing, and has been found to be conforming; ii. The contractor is responsible for preparing the First Article Test Report in accordance with CDRL?s. 5. Production Lot Special Tests: N/A 6. For purposes of this TDR, the term NDT shall refer to the following methods: MT - Magnetic Particle Testing, PT ? Pene-trant Inspection, UT ? Ultrasonic Testing, RT ? Radiographic Testing, and VT ? Visual Testing. 7. Companies performing NDT shall be NADCAP accredited, or a laboratory Accredited by one of the organizations listed below as satisfying ISO 17025 (General requirements for the competence of testing and calibration laboratories). NDT certificates shall be bear the symbols of accreditation and the accreditation body a. American Association for Laboratory Accreditation (A2LA) b. ANSI National Accreditation Board (ANAB) c. International Accreditation Service, Inc. (IAS) d. National Voluntary Laboratory Accreditation Program (NVLAP) e. Perry Johnson Laboratory Accreditation, Inc. (PJLA) f. Canadian Association for Laboratory Accreditation Inc. (CALA) g. Standards Council of Canada (SCC)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/644ee80a4b814ee6a1cbd71e691a4105/view)