---
layout: default
title: SPRING WIRE SUPPORT 1710-006263917
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e7b6086ae7294f85b78bc3f95f4b0e95
---

# SPRING WIRE SUPPORT 1710-006263917

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-21 16:24:12.461-04
- Solicitation Number: SPE7M126R0010

## Summary

PR Number: 7015420075 Procurement Type: Sources Sought Title: SPRING WIRE SUPPORT Notice ID: SPE7M126R0010 NAICS Code: 336413 Is this a Recovery and Reinvestment Act Action: No Primary POC: Nathanial Young, Nathanial.e.young@dla.mil Description: This is a Sources Sought Notice and is for information purposes only. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS, QUOTATIONS, OR BIDS. All of the following information is approximate and may be altered in the actual solicitation. Responses to this sources sought announcement will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. DLA Land and Maritime anticipates issuing a solicitation in the near future for approximately 243 EA of NSN 1710-006263917. Item will be purchased IAW the following: ALRE CAI A forging process was identified as a means to manufacture this item. Tooling is required to produce a forging. For sourcing, tooling, materials or other information, please contact the appropriate assistance team: (Aviation, C<(>&<)>E Supply Chains) https://www.dla.mil/Aviation/Offers/Engineering/Forging-and-Casting/; (Land & Maritime Supply Chains) DSCC.cast.forge@dla.mil. RD005: Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 2 Certified Third-Party Assessment Organization (C3PAO) RD004: Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 2 Self-Assessment SPRING WIRE SUPPORT Serialization is required for this ALRE CAI Part as well as the packaging traceability. Contractor technical documentation shall reflect the appropriate marking scheme. All serialized and lot numbered CAI parts shall be accounted for; to include material scrapped during manufacturing. Re-branding by suppliers which obscures the original marking (part number, serial number, Cage) of the OEM of ALRE CAI parts is prohibited. Please notify DLA contracting officer at time of quote is serialization is not practical due to size, material property, unreasonable or excessive cost. RQ032: EXPORT CONTROL OF TECHNICAL DATA This item has technical data some or all of which is subject to export-control of either the International Traffic in Arms regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR), and cannot be exported without prior authorization from either the Department of State or the Department of Commerce. Export includes disclosure of technical data to foreign persons and nationals whether located in the United States or abroad. This requirement applies equally to foreign national employees and U.S. companies and their foreign subsidiaries. DFARS 252.225-7048 is applicable to this data. The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) limits distribution of export-control technical data to DLA contractors that have an approved US/Canada Joint Certification Program (JCP) certification, have completed the Introduction to Proper Handling of DOD Export-Controlled Technical Data Training and the DLA Export-Controlled Technical Data Questionnaire (both are available at the web address given below), and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. Instructions for obtaining access to the export-controlled data can be found at: https://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Enhanced-Validation/ To be eligible for award, offerors and any sources of supply proposed for use are required to have an approved JCP certification and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access export-controlled data managed by DLA. DLA will not delay award in order for an offeror or its supplier to apply for and receive approval by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. JCP applies to all manufactures, dealers, distributors, or suppliers. RQ040: Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) Accreditation Requirements RQ039: Non-Tailored Higher-Level Quality Requirements (SAE AS9100) for Manufacturers and Non-Manufacturers RD002, COVERED DEFENSE INFORMATION APPLIES RC001: DOCUMENTATION REQUIREMENTS FOR SOURCE APPROVAL REQUEST (SAR) RP001: DLA PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS FOR PROCUREMENT RA001: THIS DOCUMENT INCORPORATES TECHNICAL AND/OR QUALITY REQUIREMENTS (IDENTIFIED BY AN 'R' OR AN 'I' NUMBER) SET FORTH IN FULL TEXT IN THE DLA MASTER LIST OF TECHNICAL AND QUALITY REQUIREMENTS FOUND ON THE WEB AT: http://www.dla.mil/HQ/Acquisition/Offers/eProcurement.aspx FOR SIMPLIFIED ACQUISITIONS, THE REVISION OF THE MASTER IN EFFECT ON THE SOLICITATION ISSUE DATE OR THE AWARD DATE CONTROLS. FOR LARGE ACQUISITIONS, THE REVISION OF THE MASTER IN EFFECT ON THE RFP ISSUE DATE APPLIES UNLESS A SOLICITATION AMENDMENT INCORPORATES A FOLLOW-ON REVISION, IN WHICH CASE THE AMENDMENT DATE CONTROLS. The following Contract Data Requirements Lists (CDRLs), DD Form 1423s, apply to this procurement. Review the Technical Data Package (TDP) for additional information. UNLESS WAIVED, THE FOLLOWING CDRLS APPLY: -First Article Testing Report -Production Test and Inspection Report -Certificate of Quality Compliance RQ009: INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE AT ORIGIN RQ011: REMOVAL OF GOVERNMENT IDENTIFICATION FROM NON-ACCEPTED SUPPLIES MERCURY OR MERCURY CONTAINING COMPOUNDS SHALL NOT BE INTENTIONALLY ADDED TO<(>,<)> OR COME IN DIRECT CONTACT WITH<(>,<)> ANY HARDWARE OR SUPPLIES FURNISHED UNDER THIS CONTRACT. EXCEPTION: FUNCTIONAL MERCURY USED IN BATTERIES, FLUORESCENT LIGHTS, REQUIRED INSTRUMENTS; SENSORS OR CONTROLS; WEAPON SYSTEMS; AND CHEMICAL ANALYSIS REAGENTS SPECIFIED BY NAVSEA. PORTABLE FLUORESCENT LAMPS AND PORTABLE INSTRUMENTS CONTAINING MERCURY SHALL BE SHOCK PROOF AND CONTAIN A SECOND BOUNDARY OF CONTAINMENT OF THE MERCURY OR MERCURY COMPOUND. (IAW NAVSEA 5100-003D). CLASS I OZONE DEPLETING CHEMICALS ARE NOT TO BE USED NOR INCORPORATED IN ANY ITEMS TO BE DELIVERED UNDER THIS CONTRACT.THIS PROHIBITION SUPERSEDES ALL SPECIFICATION REQUIREMENTS BUT DOES NOT ALLEVIATE ANY PRODUCT REQUIREMENTS. SUBSTITUTE CHEMICALS MUST BE SUBMITTED FOR APPROVAL UNLESS THEY ARE AUTHORIZED BY THE SPECIFICATION REQUIREMENTS. CLAUSE 52.246-15, CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE, IS NOT AUTHORIZED FOR THIS NSN. RQ002: CONFIGURATION CHANGE MANAGEMENT - ENGINEERING CHANGE PROPOSAL REQUEST FOR VARIANCE (DEVIATION OR WAIVER) The Government Procuring Activity has determined that Surplus is not Acceptable for this NSN. (End of TQ Requirement) NOTE: THIS IS A RESTRICTED SOURCE ITEM AND REQUIRES ENGINEERING SOURCE APPROVAL BY THE GOVERNMENT DESIGN CONTROL ACTIVITY. Item Unique Identification is not required by request of the Service customer. DFARS 252.211-7003(c)(1)(i) applies. AIRCRAFT LAUNCH AND RECOVERY EQUIPMENT (ALRE) CRITICAL APPLICATION ITEM SOURCE APPROVAL - TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR AWARD UNDER THIS SOLICITATION, AN OFFEROR MUST BE AN APPROVED SOURCE OR PROVIDE THE PRODUCT OF AN APPROVED SOURCE AS DETERMINED BY THE ENGINEERING SUPPORT ACTIVITY, NAVAL AIR WARFARE CENTER (NAWC) AIRCRAFT DIVISION LAKEHURST. THE CRITERIA AND PROCEDURES FOR SOURCE APPROVAL ARE CONTAINED IN PART I OF THE NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT (NAVICP) PHILADELPHIA BROCHURE ENTITLED "SOURCE APPROVAL INFORMATION BROCHURE FOR SPARES". THE LATEST VERSION OF THIS BROCHURE MAY BE OBTAINED BY ACCESSING NAVICP'S WEBSITE: HTTPS://WWW.NAVSUP.NAVY.MIL, OUR TEAM, NAVICP, BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, COMMODITIES, SOURCE APPROVAL REQUEST (SAR) BROCHURE SPARES TO ASSIST IN THE DETERMINATION OF SOURCE APPROVAL, THE OFFEROR MAY BE REQUIRED TO SUBMIT TO A SURVEY PRIOR TO AWARD IN WHICH NAWC LAKEHURST MAY PARTICIPATE. IN ADDITION, THE OFFEROR MUST PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION, WHICH MAY BE CONSIDERED IN DETERMINING WHETHER THE OFFEROR IS AN APPROVED SOURCE: (1) A SOURCE APPROVAL LETTER FROM NAVICP'S ENGINEERING AND PRODUCT SUPPORT DIRECTORATE; OR; (2) OTHER EVIDENCE INDICATING THAT THE OFFEROR MEETS THE SOURCE APPROVAL CRITERIA. ALL REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS OR DEVIATIONS CLASSIFIED AS CRITICAL, MAJOR, OR MINOR MUST BE FORWARDED TO THE DSC CONTRACTING OFFICER FOR REVIEW AND APPROVAL. ALL ITEMS OF SUPPLY SHALL BE MARKED IAW MIL-STD-129. IN ADDITION, EACH UNIT PACK WILL BE MARKED WITH LOT AND SERIAL NUMBER (IF AVAILABLE), CONTRACTOR'S CAGE CODE, ACTUAL MANUFACTURER'S CAGE CODE AND PART NUMBER. (February 2016) CRITICAL APPLICATION ITEM PODCON, INC. 07780 P/N 402111-2 PARTS LIFE INC 4MJR3 P/N 402111-2 IAW REFERENCE DRAWING NR 80020 402111 REVISION NR AG DTD 06/10/2016 PART PIECE NUMBER: 402111-2 IAW REFERENCE DRAWING NR 80020 MPR1033 REVISION NR G DTD 01/15/2015 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE DRAWING NR 16236 CN006263917 REVISION NR E DTD 04/24/2025 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE QAP 16236 SQAP006263917CFAT REVISION NR C DTD 04/10/2024 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE QAP 16236 SQAP006263917QA REVISION NR D DTD 04/24/2025 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE DRAWING NR 80020 MPR1221 REVISION NR T DTD 07/12/2017 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE QAP 16236 CDRL-006263917-25016 REVISION NR DTD 03/25/2025 PART PIECE NUMBER: The anticipated packaging requirements are as follows: PKGING DATA - MIL-STD-2073-1E QUP:001 PRES MTHD:10 CLNG/DRY:1 PRESV MAT:00 WRAP MAT:CA CUSH/DUNN MAT:00 CUSH/DUNN THKNESS:0 UNIT CONT:ED OPI:M PACK CODE:U MARKING SHALL BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH MIL-STD-129. SPECIAL MARKING CODE:ZZ -ZZ Special Requirements PALLETIZATION SHALL BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH RP001: DLA PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS FOR PROCUREMENT EACH UNIT PACKAGE WILL BE MARKED WITH THE NSN, CONTRACT NUMBER, LOT NUMBER, CONTRACTOR CAGE CODE, MANUFACTURER CAGE CODE, AND PART NUMBER. ZZ -ADDITIONAL SPECIAL MARKING: Protected Cargo (Controlled, Sensitive, Classified, Pilferable items). Special Marking Code 40 applies -- "Markings shall be omitted for sensitive, controlled or pilferable items per MIL-STD-129." The item description (nomenclature) shall be omitted from all shipping containers of protected cargo. See MIL-STD-129, paragraph 5.4.1.6 (Protected Cargo) for more information. Material is anticipated to be shipped to: DLA DISTRIBUTION PUGET SOUND 467 W STREET BLDG 467 BREMERTON WA 98314-6001 US The solicitation is anticipated to require FOB Origin and Inspection Origin and Acceptance of the supplies and packaging at Origin. Whether or not this acquisition will be set aside for small businesses is yet to be determined. All interested parties are invited to express your interest in this procurement by completing the attached Market Survey and returning to the buyer, Nathanial Young, Nathanial.e.young@dla.mil on or before May 1, 2026.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nathanial Young
  - Email: nathanial.e.young@dla.mil
  - Phone: 6145618590
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Heather Hensel
  - Email: Heather.Hensel@dla.mil
  - Phone: (614) 693-2613

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e7b6086ae7294f85b78bc3f95f4b0e95/view)