---
layout: default
title: 7A21--CARDIAC SUITE QUANTITATIVE PET (QPET) SOFTWARE.
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 9c426ced90ed4a4bb7841e1d84c74a32
---

# 7A21--CARDIAC SUITE QUANTITATIVE PET (QPET) SOFTWARE.

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 21:34:11.327-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0592
- Awardee: null

## Summary

PAGE 1 OF 1. REQUISITION NO. 2. CONTRACT NO. 3. AWARD/EFFECTIVE DATE 4. ORDER NO. 5. SOLICITATION NUMBER 6. SOLICITATION ISSUE DATE a. NAME b. TELEPHONE NO. (No Collect Calls) 8. OFFER DUE DATE/LOCAL TIME 9. ISSUED BY CODE 10. THIS ACQUISITION IS UNRESTRICTED OR SET ASIDE: % FOR: SMALL BUSINESS HUBZONE SMALL BUSINESS SERVICE-DISABLED VETERAN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS WOMEN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS (WOSB) ELIGIBLE UNDER THE WOMEN-OWNED SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM EDWOSB 8(A) NAICS: SIZE STANDARD: 11. DELIVERY FOR FOB DESTINA- TION UNLESS BLOCK IS MARKED SEE SCHEDULE 12. DISCOUNT TERMS 13a. THIS CONTRACT IS A RATED ORDER UNDER DPAS (15 CFR 700) 13b. RATING 14. METHOD OF SOLICITATION RFQ IFB RFP 15. DELIVER TO CODE 16. ADMINISTERED BY CODE 17a. CONTRACTOR/OFFEROR CODE FACILITY CODE 18a. PAYMENT WILL BE MADE BY CODE TELEPHONE NO. UEI: EFT: PHONE: FAX: 17b. CHECK IF REMITTANCE IS DIFFERENT AND PUT SUCH ADDRESS IN OFFER 18b. SUBMIT INVOICES TO ADDRESS SHOWN IN BLOCK 18a UNLESS BLOCK BELOW IS CHECKED SEE ADDENDUM 19. 20. 21. 22. 23. 24. ITEM NO. SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT (Use Reverse and/or Attach Additional Sheets as Necessary) 25. ACCOUNTING AND APPROPRIATION DATA 26. TOTAL AWARD AMOUNT (For Govt. Use Only) 27a. SOLICITATION INCORPORATES BY REFERENCE FAR 52.212-1, 52.212-4. FAR 52.212-3 AND 52.212-5 ARE ATTACHED. ADDENDA ARE ARE NOT ATTACHED. 27b. CONTRACT/PURCHASE ORDER INCORPORATES BY REFERENCE FAR 52.212-4. FAR 52.212-5 IS ATTACHED. ADDENDA ARE ARE NOT ATTACHED 28. CONTRACTOR IS REQUIRED TO SIGN THIS DOCUMENT AND RETURN _______________ 29. AWARD OF CONTRACT: REF. ___________________________________ OFFER COPIES TO ISSUING OFFICE. CONTRACTOR AGREES TO FURNISH AND DATED ________________________________. YOUR OFFER ON SOLICITATION DELIVER ALL ITEMS SET FORTH OR OTHERWISE IDENTIFIED ABOVE AND ON ANY (BLOCK 5), INCLUDING ANY ADDITIONS OR CHANGES WHICH ARE ADDITIONAL SHEETS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SPECIFIED SET FORTH HEREIN IS ACCEPTED AS TO ITEMS: 30a. SIGNATURE OF OFFEROR/CONTRACTOR 31a. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (SIGNATURE OF CONTRACTING OFFICER) 30b. NAME AND TITLE OF SIGNER (TYPE OR PRINT) 30c. DATE SIGNED 31b. NAME OF CONTRACTING OFFICER (TYPE OR PRINT) 31c. DATE SIGNED AUTHORIZED FOR LOCAL REPRODUCTION (REV. NOV 2021) PREVIOUS EDITION IS NOT USABLE Prescribed by GSA - FAR (48 CFR) 53.212 7. FOR SOLICITATION INFORMATION CALL: STANDARD FORM 1449 SOLICITATION/CONTRACT/ORDER FOR COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES OFFEROR TO COMPLETE BLOCKS 12, 17, 23, 24, & 30 47 36C26226Q0592 04-06-2026 Anette Doan 562-766-2200 04-20-2026 12pm PDT 36C262 Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office 22 4811 Airport Plaza Drive Suite 600 Long Beach CA 90815 X 513210 $47 Million N/A X 36C262 Department of Veterans Affairs Tibor Rubin Healthcare System 5901 E. 7th Street Long Beach CA 90822 36C262 Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office 22 4811 Airport Plaza Drive Suite 600 Long Beach CA 90815 Department of Veterans Affairs Financial Services Center Submit invoices electronically to: www.tungsten-network.com 1-877-489-6135 See CONTINUATION Page PLEASE ENSURE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS REFERENCED ITEM SCHEDULE, SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS, AND ALL CLAUSES THIS IS A BRAND NAME OR EQUAL REQUIREMENT FOR CARDIAC SUITE QUANTITATIVE PET (QPET) SOFTWARE. REQUEST FOR QUOTE (RFQ) 36C26226Q0592 IS UNRESTRICTED COMPETITION. DELIVER BY: 60 DAYS AFTER RECEIPT OF ORDER. QUOTE MUST BE SUBMITTED VIA EMAIL TO ANETTE.DOAN@VA.GOV QUOTE MUST BE VALID FOR AT LEAST 60 DAYS OFFERS TO THIS SOLICITATION SHALL BE E-MAILED NO LATER THAN 12:00PM PST ON APRIL 20, 2026 See CONTINUATION Page X X Anette Doan Contracting Officer 36C26226Q0592 Page 1 of Page 2 of 60 Page 1 of Table of Contents SECTION A 1 A.1 SF 1449 SOLICITATION/CONTRACT/ORDER FOR COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES 1 SECTION B - CONTINUATION OF SF 1449 BLOCKS 4 B.1 CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION DATA 4 B.2 STATEMENT OF WORK 5 B.3 PRICE/COST SCHEDULE 6 ITEM INFORMATION 6 B.4 DELIVERY SCHEDULE 7 SECTION C - CONTRACT CLAUSES 8 C.1 52.204-23 PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING FOR HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, AND SERVICES DEVELOPED OR PROVIDED BY KASPERSKY LAB AND OTHER COVERED ENTITIES (NOV 2021) 8 C.2 52.204-27 PROHIBITION ON A BYTEDANCE COVERED APPLICATION (JUN 2023) 9 C.3 52.212-4 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEC 2022) 10 C.4 52.217-6 OPTION FOR INCREASED QUANTITY (MAR 1989) 15 C.5 52.217-9 OPTION TO EXTEND THE TERM OF THE CONTRACT (MAR2000) 15 C.6 52.225-1 BUY AMERICAN SUPPLIES (OCT 2018) 16 C.7 52.232-33 PAYMENT BY ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (OCT 2018) 16 C.8 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) 18 C.9 VAAR 852.219-76 VA NOTICE OF LIMITATIONS ON SUBCONTRACTING CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE FOR SUPPLIES AND PRODUCTS (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) 18 C.10 VAAR 852.232-72 ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF PAYMENT REQUESTS (NOV 2018) 20 C.11 VAAR 852.247-71 DELIVERY LOCATION (OCT 2018) 21 C.12 VAAR 852.247-72 MARKING DELIVERABLES (OCT 2018) 22 C.13 VAAR 852.247-73 PACKING FOR DOMESTIC SHIPMENT (OCT 2018) 22 SECTION D - CONTRACT DOCUMENTS, EXHIBITS, OR ATTACHMENTS 23 SECTION E - SOLICITATION PROVISIONS 24 E.1 52.211-6 BRAND NAME OR EQUAL (AUG 1999) 24 E.2 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (MAR 2023) 24 E.3 ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES 28 E.4 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (NOV 2021) 30 E.5 52.212-3 OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEC 2022) 31 E.6 52.216-1 TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984) 47 E.7 52.252-1 SOLICITATION PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) 47 SECTION B - CONTINUATION OF SF 1449 BLOCKS B.1 CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION DATA 1. Contract Administration: All contract administration matters will be handled by the following individuals: a. CONTRACTOR: TBD b. GOVERNMENT: Contracting Officer: Anette Doan Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office 22 4811 Airport Plaza Drive, Suite 600 Long Beach CA 90815 2. CONTRACTOR REMITTANCE ADDRESS: All payments by the Government to the contractor will be made in accordance with: [X] 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System For Award Management, or [] 52.232-36, Payment by Third Party 3. INVOICES: Invoices shall be submitted in arrears: a. Quarterly [] b. Semi-Annually [] c. Other [X] Approved Invoice Per Contract Terms and Conditions 4. GOVERNMENT INVOICE ADDRESS: All Invoices from the contractor shall be submitted electronically in accordance with VAAR Clause 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests. Department of Veterans Affairs Financial Services Center P.O. Box 149971 Submit invoices electronically to: http://www.tungsten-network.com 5. ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF AMENDMENTS: The offeror acknowledges receipt of amendments to the Solicitation numbered and dated as follows: AMENDMENT NO DATE B.2 STATEMENT OF WORK GENERAL SCOPE The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) has a requirement to procure Cedars Sinai Medical Center (CSMC) Cardiac Suite Quantitative PET (QPET) software OR equal. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS The contractor shall provide and be responsible for technical assistance, development, and generation for final specifications. Delivery by 60 Calendar Days after Receipt of Order (ARO). PRODUCT/SERIVCE INFO The Cedars-Sinai Medical Center (CSMC) Cardiac Suite of applications is intended to enable an automated display, review, and quantification of Nuclear Medicine Cardiology medical images and datasets obtained from patients who have undergone a Cardiac PET/CT. CSMC Cardiac Suite (Quantitative PET or QPET) software may be used in multiple settings including the hospital, clinic, or office environments. QPET is an interactive stand-alone application for the automatic segmentation, quantification, and analysis of static, gated, and dynamic myocardial perfusion PET with support for both shot axial and transverse datasets. SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS 1 An interactive stand-alone application to perform automatic segmentation, quantification and analysis of static and gated myocardial perfusion PET, with support for both short axis and transverse datasets. It utilizes and integrates all of the features available in QGS and QPS. 2 Quantitative Gated + Perfusion SPECT - This application provides cardiac function and perfusion quantitation using gated and ungated MPI datasets: ED and ES volumes, ejection fraction, and perfusion measures such as SSS/SRS/SDS and TPD. The image data can be viewed in a variety of modes, from selected slices in a 2D view to a rendered 3D surface of the myocardium with parametric maps (perfusion, motion, thickening and regional EF). 3 QPET - Quantitative PET - The PET Kinetics module provides the calculation of Coronary Flow Reserve (CFR) and Myocardial Blood Flow (MBF). This application also provides automatic segmentation, quantification and analysis of static and gated myocardial perfusion PET, with support for both short axis and transverse datasets. 4 QBS - Quantitative Blood Pool SPECT - This application provides automatic quantitation of left- and right-ventricular function (ejection fraction, ED and ES volumes, stroke volumes) using gated blood pool SPECT images. It also displays motion polar maps and parametric surfaces. 5 ARG - Automated Report Generator - The Cedars-Sinai reporting system can substantially improve the workflow in your nuclear cardiology department. Its two components are Automated Report Generator (ARG) and QARG. 6 MoCo - Motion Correction - This application provides automatic and manual correction of SPECT acquisition artifacts. 7 CSI - CSI allows you to transfer studies and manages the datasets on your computer. CSI 2017 (going back to version 2013) has a database architecture that provides lightning-fast searching across all your studies. Powerful tagging allows you to organize your data however you'd like without data duplication. CSI still supports pulling data from DICOM Query/Retrieve and FTP servers as well as legacy systems, allowing DICOM cameras and workstations to push data to your computer, and importing data from CDs or other removable media or from a network share. One-click anonymized mode hides patient identification so you can use the software in interactive lectures. B.3 PRICE/COST SCHEDULE ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ QPET (now includes companion) - FLOATING License QPET Allows for processing of PET data. (floating license) LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: QPT025FL 0002

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ QGS+QPS Floating License QGS+QPS Application (floating license) LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: QQ026FL 0003

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ Companion Floating License Included in Q.apps 17 Segment Scoring, Diastolic Function, Eccentricity (floating license) Included in Q.apps LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: C023FL 0004

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ PlusPack ONE - Floating License Term License Kinetic Motion Correction, Serial Change, Prone+, Phase Analysis, Motion Frozen, Shape Index (floating license) -Term License LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: PLP022FLS 0005

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ FusionCT - Floating License Calcium Scoring, CT MIPS, Automatic Registration, Fusion, Coronary Tree (floating license) LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: F020FL 0006

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ Remote Desktop - Floating License Allows remote sessions (temporary for node-locked/permanent for floating) (floating license) LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: RD016FL 0007

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ CSImport - Floating License CSImport Application (floating license) LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: CSI013FL 0008

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ Classic ARG Local - Floating License the ARG side panel with QGS+QPS/ XML Dump (floating license) LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: RG012FL 0009

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ CFR - Floating License Coronary Flow Reserve (floating license) LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: CF015FL 0010

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ MFSC - Floating License Screen Captures (floating license) LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: MSC008FL 0011

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ Clinical Use - Floating License Indicates license will be used for clinical (non-research) purposes (floating license) LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: CU007FL 0012

3.00 EA __________________ __________________ Suite2017 Floating License Fee Suite2017 (Floating license initiation fee) LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: TCS2017FL GRAND TOTAL __________________ B.4 DELIVERY SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER SHIPPING INFORMATION QUANTITY DELIVERY DATE 0001 3.00 0002 3.00 0003 3.00 0004 3.00 0005 3.00 0006 3.00 0007 3.00 0008 3.00 0009 3.00 0010 3.00 0011 3.00 0012

3.00 PLEASE SEE PDF FOR FULL RFQ INFORMATION!

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Anette Doan
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: anette.doan@va.gov
  - Phone: 562-766-2200

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9c426ced90ed4a4bb7841e1d84c74a32/view)