---
layout: default
title: Pryor Clinic Expansion Construction in Pryor
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 1e80a10d1c4747c0a73430e145701449
---

# Pryor Clinic Expansion Construction in Pryor

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-12 10:10:34.694-04
- Solicitation Number: SS75H70126R00024

## Summary

Pryor Clinic Expansion Construction in Pryor, MT, Big Horn County Added the Drawings: This file was laft out in the original Sources Sought Notice. The Indian Health Service (IHS) is conducting a SOURCES SOUGHT, as outlined in Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) 10.001, to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities, and qualifications of firms especially small businesses including: Native American/Indian-Owned Businesses (Indian Economic Enterprise (IEE)), 8(a) Certified Small Businesses, Historically Underutilized Business Zones (HUB-Zone) Small Businesses, Women Owned Small Businesses, Service Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB), Small Disadvantaged Businesses (SDB), and Veteran Owned Small Businesses. The RFO can be found here: https://www.acquisition.gov/faroverhaul Why You Should Respond: Your response will help the Contracting Officer decide the setaside for the upcoming solicitation. The Government is conducting this market research, pursuant to RFO Part 10, to identify businesses capable of performing the functions described herein, and to determine the appropriate acquisition strategy, including whether the solicitation will be set aside for Indian Economic Enterprises (IEEs/ISBEEs), other small business programs, or full and open competition. The Government has not yet determined whether the forthcoming solicitation will be issued under the Buy Indian Act or as another type of small business set-aside. THIS NOTICE ALSO SERVES AS THE PRESOLICITATION NOTICE REQUIRED BY FAR RFO Part 5. The Indian Health Service (IHS) intends to issue a Request for Proposals (RFP) for this requirement following completion of market research. NO PROPOSALS ARE BEING REQUESTED OR ACCEPTED WITH THIS Sources Sought notice. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR PROPOSALS. Respondents will NOT be notified of the results of this notice. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this notice or any follow-up information requested. 52.210-1 Market Research (RFO Deviation May 2025) (a) Definition. As used in this clause— Commercial product, commercial service, and nondevelopmental item have the meaning contained in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 2.101. (b) Before awarding subcontracts for noncommercial acquisitions, where the subcontracts are over the simplified acquisition threshold, as defined in FAR 2.101 on the date of subcontract award, the Contractor shall conduct market research to determine, in the following order of priority, whether— (1) A commercial product or commercial service can meet the agency's requirements; (2) The requirements could be modified so the agency could use an existing commercial product or commercial service; (3) A commercial product or commercial service could be modified to meet the agency's requirements; or (4) The requirement can only be satisfied by a nondevelopmental item. (End of clause) SUMMARY OF SCOPE The goal of this project is to include all costs to renovate approximately 8,000 square feet of the existing health center; and construct and equip a new 2,700 (+/-) square foot addition to the existing health center. The project specs and drawing are attached. Location: The project address is 2 Pryor Gap Rd, Pryor, MT 59066, County: Big Horn Disclosure of the Magnitude of Construction Projects: the anticipated project magnitude is between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. Intent to Solicit and Award. The Government intends to post the RFP in SAM.gov on or around the middle of July 2026, subject to the results of this market research. IHS intends to compete and award one firm-fixed-price construction contract for the work described herein. The type of work to be performed will be categorized as: - PSC code: Y1DA, Construction of Hospitals and Infirmaries and - NAICS code: 236220, Commercial and Institutional Building Construction with a size standard of $45M. Pre-Sources Sought Conference: An online Pre-Sources Sought conference is scheduled for 09:00 AM Pacific, 03/23/2026 to answer questions, help make it easier for offerors to find partners, and provide additional time to start coordinating the details of the proposals. The online Pre-Sources Sought conference can be accessed using the information below: Microsoft Teams meeting Join: https://teams.microsoft.com/meet/2949855978472?p=6Z9VxbWozQdHnscXLK Meeting ID: 294 985 597 847 2 Passcode: dz92Sq7g Need help? | System reference Dial in by phone +1 301-228-0167,,131483766# United States, Frederick +1 505-456-4658,,131483766# United States, Albuquerque Find a local number Phone conference ID: 131 483 766# For organizers: Meeting options | Reset dial-in PIN RESPONSES - SUBMITTAL Email your response to this notice to Daniel Cotto at daniel.cotto@ihs.gov, responses must be received no later than 2:00 PM Pacific, 04/10/2026. Responses must include: 1. Company Information: - Company name, - Website if applicable, - Physical address, - SAM UEI code. 2. Point of Contact: - Contact name, - Phone number, and - E-mail address 3. Indicate Yes or No. If a solicitation is issued, will your firm/company be submitting a proposal? 4. Socio-Economic Type of Business: Native American-owned (IEE/ISBEE), SBA certified 8(a), SBA Certified HUB Zone, Service Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB), Women Owned Small Business (WOSB), and/or Small Businesses (SB). For more information on the definitions or requirements for these small business programs, refer to http://www.sba.gov. a. Native American-owned (IEE/ISBEE) firms - Submit i. Completed A4 IHS IEE Representation Form along with ii. The controlling enterprise’s Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs Certificate of Degree of Indian Blood documentation. Please note that there shall be no personally identifiable information (PII), such as social security numbers, included in the documentation submitted. Any PII shall be redacted prior to submission. Pursuant to 48 CFR Part 326, Subpart 326.603-3 and IHM 5.5-6, Indian Health Service must use the negotiation authority of the Buy Indian Act, 25 U.S.C. 47, to give preference to Indian Economic Enterprises (IEE) whenever the use of that authority is authorized and practicable. The Government is seeking to identify Indian Small Business Economic Enterprises (ISBEEs) capable of performing the below Indian Health Services (IHS) requirement. Any firm responding to this notice should submit their capability statement as well as the Buy Indian Act Indian Economic Enterprise Representation Form (attached). Indian Small Business Economic Enterprises (ISBEEs) as well as other small business are highly encouraged to respond to this notice. However, firms should understand that generic capability statements are not sufficient for effective evaluation of their capacity and capability to perform the work required. 5. Bond Capacity: Information on the firm's bonding capability: - Specifically identify single and aggregate bonding capacities. 6. Experience Submission Requirements: Submit at least one (1) but no more than five (5) projects completed by your firm within the last six (6) years that are similar to the work that will be required under this project. Firms shall include the following information for each project: a. Indicate whether Prime Contractor or Subcontractor for each submitted project; b. Dates of construction for each submitted project; c. Contract value, location, completion date, and complexity of job for each submitted project; d. Indicate whether the project is a federal, state, tribal or other for each submitted project; and e. Project references/Agency point of contact (telephone number and email address) for each submitted project. f. If the entity responding to this sources sought is submitting experience information from any entity that does not match the name, CAGE code, and/or UEI exactly as stated on the submitting entity’s SAM record (e.g. affiliates, subsidiaries, parent companies, sister companies, etc.) the submission shall clearly demonstrate how that entity will have meaningful involvement in the performance of the contract and specifically address which resources would be committed to the contract. Failure to comply with this requirement or failure to adequately demonstrate meaningful involvement and commitment of resources on behalf of that entity may result in that experience information to be considered not relevant. g. Submit answers to the following questions along with the submitted project experience: i. How is your company structured to handle quality control of the various disciplines of a construction project? (i.e., what position(s) (full-time/parttime) are employed under your company to perform QC?) ii. Does your company primarily handle the construction activities related to construction management by the prime contractor and if so, what are those activities? iii. Does your company self-perform any of the construction disciplines, if so, what are those disciplines? What disciplines does your company anticipate self-performing for this specific project? ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Please note that a decision not to submit a response to this request for information will not preclude a firm from participating in any future solicitation. All information received in response to this source sought that is marked proprietary will be handled accordingly. Documents and/or information other than what is requested will not be reviewed. Information submitted beyond what is requested will not be considered. QUESTIONS: Questions regarding this sources sought may be emailed to Daniel Cotto at daniel.cotto@ihs.gov. No telephone inquiries will be accepted. All updates, amendments, and the final solicitation (if issued) will be posted to SAM.gov. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring SAM.gov for future announcements. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract nor commit the Government to any specific course of action. Attachments: SOW Pryor Clinic Constr Specs Pryor Clinic Constr Drawings Pryor Clinic Constr IHS IEE Representation Form

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Daniel Cotto
  - Email: daniel.cotto@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 2404617841
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Andrew E. Hart
  - Email: andrew.hart@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 2063754443

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1e80a10d1c4747c0a73430e145701449/view)