---
layout: default
title: 7E20--Short Range Paging System Maintenance & Support (VA-26-00047264)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 30ddb7d5dbe94104b136b8dd352dbf8a
---

# 7E20--Short Range Paging System Maintenance & Support (VA-26-00047264)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-03 10:34:24.888-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10B26Q0313
- Awardee: null

## Summary

See attached document: PD Final 4-2 rfi version. Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 3 of 3 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of SUBJECT* Short Range Paging System Maintenance & Support (VA-26-00047264) GENERAL INFORMATION CONTRACTING OFFICE S ZIP CODE* 07724 SOLICITATION NUMBER* 36C10B26Q0313 RESPONSE DATE/TIME/ZONE 04-13-2026 11:59pm EASTERN TIME, NEW YORK, USA ARCHIVE 15 DAYS AFTER THE RESPONSE DATE RECOVERY ACT FUNDS N SET-ASIDE SDVOSBC PRODUCT SERVICE CODE* 7E20 NAICS CODE* 541519 CONTRACTING OFFICE ADDRESS Department of Veterans Affairs Technology Acquisition Center 23 Christopher Way Eatontown NJ 07724 POINT OF CONTACT* Contract Specialist Joseph Ciano joseph.ciano@va.gov (848) 377-5151 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE ADDRESS POSTAL CODE COUNTRY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AGENCY S URL URL DESCRIPTION AGENCY CONTACT S EMAIL ADDRESS EMAIL DESCRIPTION DESCRIPTION Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Veterans Health Administration C.W. Bill Young Paging System Maintenance Renewal Request for Information Introduction This Request for Information (RFI) is issued for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation nor does it restrict the government as to the ultimate acquisition approach. In accordance with Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul (RFO) 15.101(c), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of the RFI or otherwise pay for the information requested and responses will be treated as information only and not as a proposal. The purpose of this RFI is to identify qualified vendors, who are able to meet the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Veterans Health Administration (VHA) purchase of maintenance support for C.W. Bill Young Department of Veterans Affairs medical Center in house Paging System. This RFI constitutes neither a Invitation for Bid, Request for Task Execution Plan (TEP), Request for Quote, Request for Proposal (RFP), nor a guarantee that one will be issued by the Government in the future; furthermore, it does not commit the Government to contract for any services described herein. Any contract/order that might be awarded based on information received or derived from this market research will be the outcome of the competitive process. The purpose of this RFI is to obtain market information on capable sources of supply, industry best practices, and input specific to the information provided. The Government is not responsible for any cost incurred by industry in furnishing this information. All costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the interested vendor's expense. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future RFP, if any is issued. Any information submitted by respondents to this RFI is strictly voluntary. All submissions will become Government property and will not be returned. Interested vendors are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted, or competition sensitive information contained in their response. Any Service-Disabled Veteran-owned small businesses (SDVOSBs) or Veteran-owned small businesses (VOSBs) responding to this RFI must include their intent and ability to meet set-aside requirements for performance of this effort in accordance with the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) 852.219-73, VA Notice of Total Set-Aside for Certified SDVOSB or 852.219-74, VA Notice of Total Set-Aside for Certified VOSB; specifically the requirement for at least 51% of the cost of manufacturing or 51% of the services be performed by yourself and/or other eligible/verified SDVOSB/VOSB concerns; and be listed in the Small Business Administration certification database at the time of submission. It is requested that all companies interested in participating in this effort please note their interest and provide indication of their respective capabilities to perform the effort described in the paragraphs below. Any information submitted by respondents to this RFI notice is strictly voluntary. All submissions become Government property and will not be returned. VA reserves the right to not respond to any, all, or select responses or materials submitted. All requirements identified herein are subject to change at any time. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for this requirement is 541519, Other Computer Related Services; the small business size standard for this NAICS is $34 million dollars. Requirement: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is conducting a market survey for the purchase of maintenance support for C.W. Bill Young Department of Veterans Affairs medical Center in house Paging System. The Contractor shall during the annual review, update the paging system hardware on servers and designated workstations. The Contractor shall review the hardware configuration, system logs, and error reports, and provide a findings report to the designated Emergency Management office at Bay Pines VA HCS. The Contractor shall also assess the redundancy operations of the paging system hardware and report all findings to the designated Emergency Management office. The Contractor shall review the paging system hardware configuration, logs, and error reports, assess the redundancy operations of the paging system hardware. The Contractor shall provide an annual system report to the designated Emergency Management Office detailing all findings. The Contractor shall review the paging system and provide a component list and drawing of the block diagram and connections of the paging system components within the first 30 days of contract award. The Contractor shall provide an updated component list and block diagram drawing within 15 days following any addition, removal, connection, or disconnection of paging system components. The Contractor shall provide detailed recommendations for maintenance updates/upgrades. The Contractor shall ensure continuous paging system operation, including maintaining redundancy of system component connections, data synchronization (configuration files, logs, and data), and full backup and recovery capabilities for the redundant system. The Contractor shall furnish all necessary parts, tools, hardware, and materials required to perform inspection, support, maintenance, and repair activities. Deliverable: Annual Systems Report Component List and Drawing The vendor will provide and maintain a web-based reporting solution for the local VA EM to notify vendor and document issues, obtain resolutions and generate reports for the paging system throughout the contract period. The Contractor shall provide critical hardware and software upgrades within one business day of release after testing and staging and non-critical hardware and software upgrades within one month of release after testing and stating also ensuring all system documentation is current. The Contractor shall perform onsite visits to ensure the proper operation of the components, training, and system performance and provide 24/7 telephone technical support for emergency troubleshooting as required. Immediate restoration of any down system must be provided along with the aid of on-site VA personnel. Restoration of the service within four hours of service affecting defective VA facility hardware and software components along with the aid of on-site VA personnel. RFI Response Instructions NOTE: The capability package must be clear, concise, and complete. VA is under no obligation to provide feedback to the company, or to contact the company for clarification of any information submitted in response to this RFI. Provide the following information: Provide Company Information: Company Name CAGE/UEI Number under which the company is registered in SAM.gov Company Address Point of contact name Telephone number Email address For small business concerns, indicate whether at least 50 percent of the total amount paid by the Government will be paid to firms that are similarly situated. Company Business Size and Status for NAICS (541511). Brief summary describing your company s technical approach to meeting the requirements, to include; Does the draft Product Description (PD) provide sufficient detail to describe the technical and functional requirements that encompass the requirement? If NO , please provide your technical and functional comments/recommendations/questions on elements of the draft outline that may contribute to a more accurate proposal submission and efficient, cost-effective effort. Your company s intent and ability to meet the set aside requirement in accordance with VAAR 852.219-73. (NOV 2020) (DEVIATION) VA Notice of Total SDVOSB and 13 CFR Â§125.6, which states the contractor will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government to it to firms that are not SDVOSBs. Provide a statement regarding your socioeconomic status (including business type (s)/certifications(s) such as SDB, 8(a), HUBZone, SDVOSB, WOSB, etc.). If a small business, clearly identify what socioeconomic category you are recommending for this effort. If a small business, are you able to comply with FAR 52.219-6 and 52.219-14 in execution of this effort? Are you able to comply with subcontracting limitations in 13 CFR 125.6 in execution of this effort? Responses to this RFI shall be submitted electronically by 11:59pm Eastern Standard Time, April 13, 2026, through NASA SEWP. Note: Please do not wait until the last minute to submit your responses. To avoid submission of late responses, we recommend the transmission of your response file 24 hours prior to the required response due date and time.Â Please be advised that timeliness is determined by the date and time an Offeror s response is received by the Government not when an Offeror attempted transmission. Offerors are encouraged to review and ensure that sufficient bandwidth is available on their end of the transmission. All responsible sources may submit a response in accordance with the following: No more than 20 pages (excluding transmittal page) VA will not be able to grant any extensions to this RFI. See attached document: PD - Draft.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joseph Ciano
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: joseph.ciano@va.gov
  - Phone: (848) 377-5151

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/30ddb7d5dbe94104b136b8dd352dbf8a/view)