---
layout: default
title: FCI MIAMI, FL SUBSISTENCE MEAT RELIGIOUS DIET DAIRY BREAD REQUIREMENTS 3RD QTR FY26
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: a5e95c0fc3b9478c890b333a01ca12c6
---

# FCI MIAMI, FL SUBSISTENCE MEAT RELIGIOUS DIET DAIRY BREAD REQUIREMENTS 3RD QTR FY26

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 12:35:01.619-04
- Solicitation Number: 15B30926Q00000004

## Summary

U.S. Department of Justice Federal Bureau of Prisons Field Acquisition Office On Behalf Of Federal Correctional Institute, Miami March 9, 2026 (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 15B30926Q00000004 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ), for subsistence, religious diets, meat, and dairy requirements. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. The NAICS for this requirement is 311999 with a small business size of 700 employees and 311511 for Dairy (Fresh Milk) with a small business size of 1,150 employees. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. (ii) A list of line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure (including option(s), if applicable). See attached requirements worksheets for a full description of items, quantities and units of measures for all the subsistence requirement. (iii) Description of requirements for the items to be acquired, including documentation supporting any brand name descriptions (see 12.102). See attached requirements worksheets for a full description of items, quantities and units of measures for all the subsistence requirement. (iv) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and f.o.b. point (see part 47). Dates of delivery will be within 21 Calander Days After Receipt of Order (ARO). Delivery will be Freight on Board - DESTINATION. Delivery address will be: FCI Miami 15801 SW 137th Ave Miami, FL 33177 (v) A list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition (see 12.205(a)). Applicable Terms and Conditions can be found following the last itemized line requirement. The Government anticipates and intends to make MULTIPLE awards based on pricing per line item. Awards will be made to the responsible Quoter(s) whose quote conforms to the requirements and is determined to provide the best value to the Government, considering the evaluation factors outlined below. (1) Price - The government will evaluate the Quoter’s proposed price to ensure it is fair and reasonable; (2) Past Performance – Past Performance shall include prior experience and similar performances undertake by the contractor. The assessment will be based on the following criteria: Timeliness of Deliveries: The Offeror must demonstrate a consistent record of on-time deliveries. Documented instances of late deliveries, including Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) evaluations and communications with other Contracting Officers, will be reviewed. A history of substantial delivery delays may result in exclusion from consideration of award. Order Accuracy and Completeness: The Offeror must show a track record of delivering complete and accurate orders. Evidence of recurring issues such as missing or incorrect (not matching specifications) items—supported by customer complaints, returns, or input from other Contracting Officers—will be considered. Incomplete or inaccurate deliveries may result in exclusion from consideration of award. (vi) The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact. The completed solicitation package must be returned no later than 1:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time on March 16th, 2026. Vendors shall submit quotes only to: Jason O’Neal, Contract Specialist, Email: j2oneal@bop.gov Mairenilda Castillo, Property & Procurement Specialist, Email: m1castillo@bop.gov No fax, hand delivered, or mail-in quotes will be accepted. Please be sure to read the solicitation, cover letter, quote sheet, clauses and provisions and delivery schedule. If the answer is addressed in those documents you will not receive a response. Quotes MUST be good for 30 calendar days after close of the solicitation. (vii) Any other additional information required by 5.101(c). Any and all information will be posted to the General Services Administration, SAM.Gov website: www.sam.gov. All future information about this acquisition, including amendments, awards and cancellations will also be distributed through this site. Interested parties are responsible for monitoring this site to ensure they have the most up-to-date information about this solicitation All responsible sources may submit a quotation, as appropriate, which will be considered by the Bureau of Prisons. Awards with total value over the Micro Purchase Threshold of $15,000 will be awarded with a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) Purchase Order. Awards with total value under the Micro Purchase Threshold of $15,000 will be awarded with a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) Government Purchase Card transaction from the local food services department. Any subsequent award will require acceptance in the form of a signature by the contractor 48 hours after the signed purchase order has been delivered to the contractor. Subsistence is a vital part of the orderly running of the operation of a Federal Prison. In accordance with FAR 12.201-1 (b), this contracting officer has determined this acquisition appropriate to require acceptance in writing. If not met, FAR 12.303 will be followed. “System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in this solicitation. Contracting officers will rely on representations from offers based on provisions in the solicitation. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM.”

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jason Graffi
  - Email: jgraffi@bop.gov

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a5e95c0fc3b9478c890b333a01ca12c6/view