---
layout: default
title: Medium and Low Pressure Air Receiver - LPD Class Ship
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 46fec9c4ddc9453eb5e87a7f686c274f
---

# Medium and Low Pressure Air Receiver - LPD Class Ship

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 16:01:25.554-04
- Solicitation Number: N5523626Q0064

## Summary

This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial products prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Request for Quotation (RFQ) N5523626Q0064 is issued as a total small business set-aside. The subject solicitation is being processed using FAR Part 12. Any quote from a large business is ineligible for award. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 332420 – Metal Tank (Heavy Gauge) Manufacturing (Size Standard 750 Employees). This solicitation documents and incorporates provisions and clauses that are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 (Effective 13 March 2026) and DFARS Publication Notice 20251110. DESCRIPTION: Southwest Regional Maintenance Center (SWRMC) requires procurement and delivery of long lead time material (LLTM) replacement parts for the Medium and Low Pressure Air Receiver (MPAR/LPAR) in support of SWRMC at Naval Base San Diego as follows: Required Deliver Date 10 JUL 2026, SEE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION FOR MORE DETAILS The full text of FAR and DFAR references, provisions and clauses may be accessed at https://acquisition.gov. SENSITIVE ACTIVITY AND INTELLIGENCE-RELATED CONTRACTING (SAIRC) AND OPERATIONS SECURITY (OPSEC) STATEMENT This contracting action has been reviewed against the requirement of SECNAVINST S4200.35. SAIRC protections are not required. The following PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES apply to this acquisition and will be incorporated into any resultant purchase or delivery order. C-202-H001 Additional Definitions – Basic (NAVSEA) OCT 2018 – FT C-204-H001 Use of Navy Support Contractors for Official Contract Files (NAVSEA) OCT 2018 – FT C-211-H018 Approval by The Government (NAVSEA) JAN 2019 – FT C-211-H019 Commonality and Standardization (NAVSEA) FEB 2022 – FT C-215-H002 Contractor Proposal (NAVSEA) OCT 2018 – FT C-223-H003 Exclusion of Mercury (NAVSEA) MAR 2019 – FT C-247-H001 Permits and Responsibilities (NAVSEA) DEC 2018 – FT D-211-H004 Identification Marking of Parts -- Basic (NAVSEA) OCT 2018 – FT D-246-H002 Warranty Notification for Item(s) ____-- Basic (NAVSEA) OCT 2018 – FT D-247-H004 Marking and Packing List(s) – Basic (NAVSEA) FEB 2022– FT D-247-W001 Prohibited Packing Materials (NAVSEA) OCT 2018– FT E-246-H022 Inspection and Test Records (NAVSEA) JAN 2019 – FT F-242-H001 Contractor Notice Regarding Late Delivery (NAVSEA) OCT 2018 – FT G-232-H002 Payment Instructions and Contract Type Summary for Payment Office (NAVSEA) FEB 2024 – FT G-232-H005 Supplemental Instructions Regarding Invoicing (NAVSEA) JAN 2019 – FT G-242-H001 Government Contract Administration Points of Contact and Responsibilities (NAVSEA) OCT 2023–FT G-242-H002 Hours of Operation and Holiday Schedule (NAVSEA) JUL 2021 – FT 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation. 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements JAN 2017 52.204-7 System for Award Management NOV 2024 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance OCT 2018 52.204-19 Incorporation by Reference of Representations and Certifications DEC 201452.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting With Inverted Domestic Corporations NOV 2015 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Nov 2015). 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under and Federal Law FEB 2016 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items NOV 2023 52.219-1 Small Business Program Representations FEB 2024 52.219-6 Notice of Small Business Set-Aside 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (Oct 2022) 52.219-28 Postaward Small Business Program Representation (Jan 2025) 52.222-19 Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan 2025) 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services (MAR 2025) (DEVIATION 2025-O0004) 52.224-3 Privacy Training (Jan 2017) 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (May 2024) 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct 2018) 52.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations JUN 2013 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) 52.233-1 Disputes MAY 2014 52.233-3, Protest After Award (Aug 1996) 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) 52.243-1 Changes-Fixed-Price AUG 1987 52.246-11 Higher-Level Contract Quality Requirement DEC 2014 – FT 52.247-34 F.O.B. Destination NOV 1991 52.249-1 Termination for Convenience of the Government (Fixed-Price) (Short Form) APR 1984 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation to Former DoD Officials SEP 2011 252.203-7002 Requirements to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DEC 2022 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials SEP 2022 252.204-7015 Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information by Litigation Support JAN 2023 252.204-7021 Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification Requirements JAN 2023 252.204-7024 Notice on the use of The Supplier Performance Risk System MAR 2023 252.211-7003 Item Unique Identification and Valuation JAN 2023 – FT 252.215-7013 Supplies and Services Provided by Nontraditional Defense Contractors JAN 2023 252.225-7000 Buy American – Balance of Payments Program Certificate FEB 2024 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payment Program FEB 2024 252.225-7002 Qualifying Country Sources as Subcontractors MAR 2022 252.225-7048 Export Controlled Items JUN 2013 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DEC 2018 252.232-7006 Wide Area Work Flow Payment Instructions JAN 2023 – FT 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments DEC 2006 252.243-7001 Pricing of Contract Modifications DEC 1991 252.244-7000 Subcontracts for Commercial Items FEB2026 252.246-7003 Notification of Potential Safety Issues JAN 2023 252.247-7023 Transportation on Supplies by Sea OCT 2024 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference. As prescribed in 52.107(b), insert the following clause: Clauses Incorporated By Reference (Feb 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/ (End of clause) 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in Clauses. As prescribed in 52.107(f), insert the following clause in solicitations and contracts that include any FAR or supplemental clause with an authorized deviation. Whenever any FAR or supplemental clause is used with an authorized deviation, the contracting officer shall identify it by the same number, title, and date assigned to the clause when it is used without deviation, include regulation name for any supplemental clause, except that the contracting officer shall insert "(DEVIATION)" after the date of the clause. Authorized Deviations in Clauses (Nov 2020) (a) The use in this solicitation or contract of any Federal Acquisition Regulation (48 CFR Chapter 1) clause with an authorized deviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the date of the clause. (b) The use in this solicitation or contract of any Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (48 CFR Chapter 2) clause with an authorized deviation is indicated by the addition of "(DEVIATION)" after the name of the regulation. (End of clause) A. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services FEB 2026. Offerors must comply with all instructions contained herein. (a) Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. As a minimum, offers shall include— (1) The solicitation number; (2) The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3) The Offeror’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described in the solicitation; (5) Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (6) A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b) Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1) Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2) Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is “late” and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4) Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d) Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e) Debriefings. If a postaward debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1) The agency’s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror’s offer. (2) The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3) The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4) A summary of the rationale for award. (5) For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6) Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) (1) Offerors may submit written questions during the quote preparation period. All questions must be received no later than 04 May 2026, 11:00 AM (Pacific) to allow adequate time to prepare and issue responses to all offerors prior to the date and time set for receipt of quotes. Only written questions will receive a response. All questions and quotes shall be directed to: Southwest Regional Maintenance Center (SWRMC) – C410A Procurement Email: Cite the solicitation number in the subject line - N5523626Q0064 Email Addresses: Edward.b.dean5.civ@us.navy.mil, jorge.a.morales67.civ@us.navy.mil and dayen.lagunas.civ@us.navy.mil B. 52.212-2 Evaluation Commercial Items, Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services NOV 2021. (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Evaluation Factors – The evaluation factors that will be used are: Technical Acceptability – Ability to meet the required delivery date and the salient characteristics of the Product Description Price – Lowest price technically Acceptable (LPTA) Past Performance – Based on the Supplier Performance Risk System Price: The Government will evaluate the proposed price for reasonableness in accordance with FAR

12.203 Past Performance: The Government will consider the recency and relevancy of past performance information compared to the requirements detailed in the Product Description, the source of the information, the context of the data and general trends in the offeror's performance and any associated risk. The Government will also consider the extent of the offeror's ability to perform previous contracts successfully. In accordance with DFARS provision 252.204-7024, Notice to Prospective Suppliers on Use of Supplier Performance Risk System in Past Performance Evaluations is hereby incorporated by reference. (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) C. 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (MAR 2025) (DEVIATION 2025-O0004). The Offeror shall complete only paragraph (b) of this provision if the Offeror has completed the annual representations and certification electronically in the System for Award Management (SAM) accessed through https://www.sam.gov/SAM/ (only complete and return if there are changes to current SAM Registration. If 52.212-3 is not returned, the contractor is affirming that the current SAM registration is current, accurate, and complete). If the Offeror has not completed the annual representations and certifications electronically, the Offeror shall complete only paragraphs (c) through (v) of this provision. The provision of FAR 52.212-3 must be submitted by the Offeror to be eligible for award. D. 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services NOV 2023 Standard Commercial Warranties apply. APPLICABLE PROVISIONS AND CLAUSES: The FAR requires the use of the System for Award Management (SAM) in Federal solicitations as a part of the offer submission process to satisfy FAR 52.212-4. More information on SAM is found at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS: Unless otherwise stated in Section D clauses, packaging and preservation shall be performed in accordance with the best commercial practices to afford maximum protection against damage. DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS: Item shall be priced for F.O.B. Destination. Inspection and acceptance shall be at destination by the Government. SPECIAL CONTRACT REQUIREMENTS: Please submit your quote via e-mail to Edward Dean, Edward.b.dean5.civ@us.navy.mil, Jorge Morales, jorge.a.morales67.civ@us.navy.mil and Dayen Lagunas, dayen.lagunas.civ@us.navy.mil. QUOTES must be received by the destination inbox no later than 06 May 2026, 11:00 AM (Pacific).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Edward Dean
  - Email: edward.b.dean5.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 8587778700
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Dayen Lagunas
  - Email: dayen.lagunas.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 6197080908

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/46fec9c4ddc9453eb5e87a7f686c274f/view)