---
layout: default
title: 6515--Guldmann Patient Ceiling Lift Motors
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: ba74f82dbb254337894e27ab4a1de9df
---

# 6515--Guldmann Patient Ceiling Lift Motors

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 11:47:04.8-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25026Q0410
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis-Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Dayton VA Medical Center Guldmann Patient Ceiling Lift Motors Effective Date: 01/15/2026 Revision: 03 Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 effective March 13, 2026. This solicitation is not set-aside for small business. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 339113 Surgical Appliance and Supplies Manufacturing, with a small business size standard of 800 employees. The FSC/PSC is 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies. The Department of Veterans Affairs, Regional Procurement Office Central, Network Contracting Office 10, 5500 Armstrong Road, Battle Creek, MI 49037 is seeking to purchase Guldmann GH3+ patient ceiling lift motors including installation for the Dayton VA Medical Center located at 4100 West 3rd Street, Dayton, OH 45428. All interested and qualified companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services Line Item Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0001 Guldmann GH3+ 605lbs SWL Hoist w/Scale CLM and Hanger Bar 127 EA 0002 Guldmann GH3+ Twin 1100lbs SWL Hoist w/Scale & Hanger Bar 1 EA 0003 Certified Installation - Hoist Replacement and Weight Test (includes Twin Swap) 128 EA Statement of Work Background Dayton VAMC is soliciting quotes for a contractor to provide all labor and materials to replace 128 end of life ceiling lift systems. Various lift weight capacities are required. New units to match existing lifts in the hospital to avoid misuse of unfamiliar equipment and allow for patient transfer between different lifts using a mutually compatible sling. Scope Contractor will provide equipment and services listed in this statement of work. The Contractor will provide all necessary supplies, materials, equipment, qualified personnel, supervision, management, and transportation. All work is to be performed in accordance with the guidelines established by Federal, State, and local ordinances and The Joint Commission. The Contractor s work procedures and quality control procedures shall conform to these guidelines. Specific Tasks Replacement of 128 lift motors as detailed in Tables A-B. All lifts to undergo Certified Installation - Hoist Replacement and Weight Testing. Table A. GH3+ 605lbs SWL Hoist w/Scale & Hanger Bar CLC Main Tower Quantity: 38 5D126-330 5C113-330 5C117-330 5C12-330 5D101-330 5D104-330 5D117-330 5C118-330 5C119-330 5C127-330 (2x) 5C127-330 5C128-330 5C129-330 5C130-330 5C133-330 5C137-330 5C138-330 5C141-330 5C142-330 5C143-330 5C144-330 5C145-330 5C147-330 5D107-330 5D108-330 5D109-330 5D116-330 5D118-330 5D122-330 5D140-330 5D130-330 5D131-330 5D132-330 5D133-330 5D134-330 5D136-330 5D138-330 CLC Building Quantity: 47 1A174-320 1E124-320 1A110-320 1A113-320 1A118-320 1A120-320 1A122-320 1A126-320 1A129-320 (2x) 1A133-320 1A134-320 1D166-320 1A137-320 1A141-320 1A159-320 1A162-320 1A163-320 1A166-320 1A167-320 1A171-320 1A176-320 1B120-320 1B137-320 1B138-320 1B141-320 1B159-320 1B162-320 1B166-320 1B170-320 1B174-320 1B175-320 1C111-320 1C115-320 1C117-320 1C118-320 1C120-320 1C121-320 1C122-320 1C123-320 1C124-320 1C136-320 1C138-320 1C139-320 1C140-320 1C141-320 1C142-320 Dental Clinic Quantity: 1 2B132-330 Emergency Department Quantity: 1 1G105-310 GI Clinic Quantity: 1 GI125-330 MED 1 Unit Quantity: 20 4C132-330 4C145-330 4C111-330 4C112-330 4C116-330 4C118-330 4C122-330 4C130-330 4C131-330 4C134-330 4C136-330 4C139-330 4C141A-330 4C146-330 4C147-330 4C148-330 4C150-330 4C152-330 4C153-330 4C154-330 Radiation Oncology Quantity: 2 1-322 30-322 Radiology Quantity: 3 1B114-330 1B115-330 1B123-330 Renal Clinic Quantity: 1 3C159-330 SAM Unit Quantity: 7 3D111-330 3D134-330 3D137-330 3D119-330 3D121-330 3D133-330 3D142-330 Simulation Center Quantity: 6 114-315 116-315 118-315 119-315 120-315 124-315 Table B. GH3+ Twin 1100lbs SWL Hoist w/Scale & Hanger Bar Morgue Quantity: 1 2E142-310 Disposal of old systems being removed from service. Provide education and training: One session of training for biomedical engineering staff. Training must include each new type of equipment and sling used in an area. Perform weight and function testing for each lift after installation in compliance with the VHA checklist required by Patient Safety Alert AL14-07. Each checklist shall be provided to Contracting Officer Representative within 7 days of installation along with any checklist required by the manufacturer. Any changes in inspection requirements during the period of installation will be communicated to the Contractor immediately. Provide the below deliverables. Electronic copies of the user manuals and repair manuals for each different model of lift installed under this order or contract at no additional cost to the government This is a brand-name only solicitation for Guldmann GH3+ patient ceiling lifts/lift systems, which include equipment and installation for the Dayton VAMC. System Specifications: Each handset must have an integrated scale for patient weight built into the handset controller without compromising bed to hangar bar height and the ability to be safely secured to the lift when not in use. The lift hand control must be attached to the lift hanger bar to avoid it from coming dislodged when not in use, potentially causing patient and/or healthcare worker injury. A wide range of mounting options (such as a lift system which can offer a combined wall and ceiling mount configuration) to accommodate the various patient room environments which exist within our facility. The ability for full XY coverage in all patient care rooms, including therapy areas and maximum coverage in patient bathrooms. Operation of the system must allow for a minimum of 24 lifting height for transfer of patient from wheelchair/exam table/toilet, as well as adequate lifting height for the turning and repositioning of the patient on the exam table or lowering height for fall recovery off the floor. The hanger bars must be able to be changed out by the medical center s staff without the assistance of contractors, vendors, or special tools. Hangar bars must have 2- or 4-point hooks with secondary security measures, such as a steel or metal clip or double hook. Lift systems must have software that allows for automatic tracking of preventative maintenance requirements as outlined in the National Patient Safety Alert AL 10-07 (2014). Tracking data must include the following: when service is next due, number of weighings, total lifetime lifts, dates of last timing belt and battery change and number of lifts since reset. Technology that allows lift data to be viewed in Excel such as day & time of lifts, how long transfers are taking, height of the transfers, & weight of the transfers Emergency stopping device. The emergency lowering feature must be operable without the use of any additional tools and the lift motor must be able to be reset by staff without any additional tools, allowing immediate use of the lift after activation of the emergency stop/lowering feature, without the need to call engineering or the manufacturer to reset the lift. Safety device that stops the motor lifting when batteries are low. Lifting speed options up to 60mm/sec must be available. Plug and play technology must be employed to facilitate ease and reduced costs in system repairs and maintenance, one person replacement on current rail system. The hoist must maintain a continuous charge on the rail. Operation of the system must be smooth with no fast or jerky starts and stops. Ceiling lifts shall meet all Underwriters Laboratory requirements, life safety codes, national electric codes, fire safety codes, and all other applicable federal, state and local codes. Appropriate documentation should be provided. Ceiling lifts shall comply with ISO 10535 (Hoists for the transfer of disabled persons Requirements and test methods). Ceiling lifts must include a 2-point hanger bar, suitable and allowable for use with the full range of loop-based Guldmann slings, with 2 hooks facing different directions on each end of the bar and without easily breakable parts such as rubber flaps. The lifts shall be mounted (using ceiling, wall, or floor support as determined by building structure and room covering layout needs) to provide lifting capability for the maximum area possible within each room which means wall to wall not just over the bed. Lifts must be capable of picking patients up off the floor. Lifts must not beep or flash during normal operation. Lifts must be able to lift a full-capacity load at least 21 times on a full, new battery charge. Ceiling lift motors shall be capable of lifting a weight no less than as specified in the replacement and installation tables. New lifts shall accept generic type replacement batteries without voiding any warranties. Motors shall be GFCI protected. Ceiling lifts vertical motion must be motorized. Ceiling lifts that connect from one room to another must be designed so that they cannot come off the rail system while in use, and the connecting rail and the systems in both rooms must all hold at least as much weight as the lift motor. Ceiling lifts must recharge automatically, by recharging at any location on the rail without employee action. Ceiling lifts must include safeguards to prevent patients from being trapped or hurt, such as emergency stop buttons and emergency lowering devices in case of power failure. Use of emergency lowering devices must not require tools or ladders. Performance Monitoring Healthcare Technology Management (HTM) will complete incoming inspection of the delivered units per manufacturer guidelines. Project COR and Patient Safe Handling and Mobility will monitor the project and coordinate installations with contractor personnel. Security Requirements The C&A requirements do not apply, and a Security Accreditation Package is not required. Government-Furnished Equipment (GFE)/Government-Furnished Information (GFI) N/A Other Pertinent Information or Special Considerations All work shall be in direct compliance in accordance with the VHA Safe Patient Handling and Mobility Directive 1611 (7/11/2023), and National Patient Safety Alert AL 14-07 (2014). Equipment and supplies must not be shipped before designs are approved and contractor has approval to install. Dayton VAMC cannot store uninstalled equipment for a significant length of time. All contractors must pass VA adjudication and credentialing process. All employees and subcontractors must wear a visible name and company identification when onsite. When more than one person is onsite performing work under this contract, one must be designated as a supervisor and must be fully responsible for the work to be performed. Contractor personnel must conduct their work so as not to interfere with the normal functioning of the facility and will stop work if asked by Dayton VAMC personnel. Hours of work will need to be limited to daytime on units where patients sleep or to nighttime or weekends in areas where patients would be exposed by daytime work. The Contractor shall take all precautions necessary to protect the lives and health of occupants of the building. The Contractor must follow procedures required by Dayton VAMC Infection Control personnel and the construction safety committee, to include any required dust control specified in the Infection Control Risk Assessment. The Contractor must state what efforts will be made to minimize noise during installation of equipment. The Contractor shall immediately correct any fire and safety deficiencies caused by his personnel. If the contractor fails or refuses to correct deficiencies promptly, the Contracting Officer may issue an order stopping all or any part of the work and may hold the contractor in default of the contract. The Contractor shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local safety and fire regulations and codes which are in effect at the beginning of the contract period. The contractor shall keep abreast of any changes in these regulations and codes applicable to the contract. The contractor shall keep abreast of any changes in these regulations and codes applicable to the contract. All material and equipment will be removed from the facility or stored properly at the end of each workday and secured during the workday in the areas specified by the Contracting Officer s Technical Representative. The Contractor is responsible for supplying, completing, and submitting all reports required or requested by Federal, State, or local ordinances which pertain to any duties contained in the contract. The Contractor will be required to furnish the Dayton VAMC with material safety data sheets for all chemicals used during installation. This information is required by the VA for emergency treatment in the event of ingestion of and/or contact with the material by humans and is required by OSHA regulations. The Contractor s onsite lead installer must attend a Dayton VAMC construction safety orientation and supply job hazard analyses as required by Construction Safety Officer to show how hazards to Contractor and VHSO personnel are being minimized. All Contractor personnel must have OSHA 10-hour construction safety training cards. The Contractor s personnel shall follow applicable policies of the Dayton VAMC, to include policies concerning fire and disaster preparedness programs. The contractor shall furnish at his own expense all labor, materials, machinery, and appliances which may be necessary or appropriate in the performance of this contract. All accumulated rubbish is to be collected and placed in the dumpster provided by the Government. Large quantities need to be disposed of in ways that do not overload the dumpsters. The contractor must have visited the sites and assessed the structure of each ceiling lift location to ensure safe installation of the equipment and shall supply the installation plans to the Dayton VAMC HTM Service, who must accept them before installation. Ceiling lift installations shall comply with NFPA 13 for fire sprinklers and with NFPA 99 and NFPA 70 for proper grounding and bonding and access to electrical and safety systems. The contractor should not require movement of any lights, sprinklers, televisions, or other fixtures in order to install ceiling lifts. If movement of preexisting fixtures is unavoidable, the contractor must include such notice when the bid is submitted. Wall mounted lifts are acceptable in the place of ceiling mounts where they are more effective or cause less risk to install. Ceiling lifts must not add obstacles or impair any normal operations in patient care rooms. It is permissible to raise the lifting height or extend the range of a lift system that is being replaced, so long as designs are approved by the facility in advance and all obstacles are avoided to avoid interference with the operation of curtains, ventilation, or other moving or ceiling mounted items. All installations that affect existing areas and electrical work shall be coordinated with Dayton VAMC HTM service. The contractor will install all necessary mounts, braces, and any other components needed for full lift function and safety. Changes to Statement of Work: Any changes to this SOW shall be authorized and approved only through written correspondence from the CO. A copy of each change will be kept in a project folder along with all other products of the project. Costs incurred by the contractor through the actions of parties other than the CO shall be borne by the contractor. Reporting Requirements: The VHA checklist and any manufacturer s checklist are the sole report and must be provided to the COR within 1 week of installation. Lift installation is not considered complete and cannot be paid for until the checklist is complete and provided to the COR. Risk Control Contractor will be installing units in an active healthcare environment and will be required to comply with VAMC required above ceiling work permits, infection control procedures, and all OSHA requirements. Place of Performance Dayton VAMC 4100 W. Third Street Dayton OH 45428 Period of Performance All work shall be completed and in compliance within 180 calendar days from the contractor s receipt of the order. If for any reason any deliverable cannot be delivered within the scheduled time frame, the contractor is required to explain why in writing to the CO, including a firm commitment of when the work shall be completed. This notice to the CO shall cite the reasons for the delay, and the impact on the overall project. The CO will then review the facts and issue a response, in accordance with applicable regulations. Delivery Schedule Delivery to take place in batches with batch size to be determined by Dayton VAMC to prevent storage demands exceeding the capacity of Dayton VAMC s warehouse space. Delivery FOB Destination and installation no later than 180 days after receipt of order (ARO). Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: Department of Veterans Affairs Dayton VA Medical Center 4100 West 3rd Street Dayton, OH Postal Code: 45428 Country: UNITED STATES All quoters shall submit the following: Price quote. Documentation from the OEM, Guldmann, Inc., indicating your company is an authorized supplier and installer for Guldmann lifts. All quotes shall be sent to the Contracting Officer, Jeffrey Rozema, via email at jeffrey.rozema@va.gov. Award will be based on the lowest price for the exact items listed above. Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission of your response shall be received not later than 5:00 PM Eastern Time, Thursday, April 16, 2026, by email at jeffrey.rozema@va.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Point of contact for this solicitation is Jeffrey Rozema, Contracting Officer, email: jeffrey.rozema@va.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jeffrey Rozema
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: jeffrey.rozema@va.gov
  - Phone: 269-966-5600

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ba74f82dbb254337894e27ab4a1de9df/view)