---
layout: default
title: Installation and Maintenance of Electronic Security Systems
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 040582fce65f49a680e5a94cd1c3cb48
---

# Installation and Maintenance of Electronic Security Systems

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 12:47:08.588-04
- Solicitation Number: N00421-26-RFPREQ-A0N0000-0083

## Summary

Installation and Maintenance of Electronic Security Systems INTRODUCTION This Sources Sought Notice is in accordance with PGI 206.302-1(d), “when utilizing the authority at FAR 6.302-1, the contracting officer shall post a request for information of a sources sought notice, and shall include the results of this inquiry in the justification required by FAR 6.303.” The Naval Air Station, Patuxent River, MD, announces its intention to procure the maintenance and installation of Intrusion Detection, Fire Alarm Communication, Card Access and Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) systems to provide support for approximately 300 locations on the Naval Air Station, Patuxent River Complex, Webster Field and Solomons Annexes. This Market Research tool is being used to identify potential and eligible firms, of all sizes, prior to determining the method of acquisition and issuance of a solicitation. The results of the Sources Sought will be utilized to determine if any Small Business Set-Aside opportunities exist. This is for the Installation and Maintenance of Electronic Security Systems on the Naval Air Station Patuxent River Complex, Patuxent River, MD, Webster Field Annex, St. Inigoes, MD, and Naval Recreation Center Solomons Annex, Solomons, MD. This is a follow-on requirement. The current contract information can be found in paragraph 3b below. This is not subject to bundling or consolidation. 3. The following documents are attached to this Sources Sought Notice: Draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) 4.The following dates are anticipated time frames associated with this requirement: Estimated Draft RFP Release: 08 MAY 2026 Estimated Final RFP Release: 15 MAY 2026 Estimated Award Date: 30 SEP 2026 Period of Performance/Ordering Period: 30 SEP 2026 10 OCT 2031. 5. Primary Work Location/Place of Performance: Multiple locations across Naval Air Station, Patuxent River Complex, Webster Field and Solomons Annexes. ANTICIPATED CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM FIXED PRICE 6. The Government is anticipating this follow-on contract to be a Single Award IDIQ contract with Firm Fixed Price CLINs for Labor and Material. 7. The incumbent contract information is as follows: Incumbent Contractor: Johnson Controls Building Automation Systems (JCI) Contract Number: N0042122D0099 Contract End Date: 31 AUG 2027 Contract Type: Firm Fixed Price Previous Set-Aside Designation: Other than Full and Open 8. Program Background: JCI?is?the sole developer and manufacturer of the existing system.??JCI?equipment and maintenance service capabilities meet the stringent requirements of the Defense Intelligence Agency Manual (DIAM) ICD/ICS 705.??The computerized monitoring equipment?utilized?by the Department of Public Safety was developed by?JCI?at their own expense, and they have?retained?the data rights as proprietary.??The Government has no rights to the design of the equipment or components making up this system. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS AND REQUIRED CAPABILITIES Any anticipated special requirements and required capabilities are detailed in Attachment 1, Draft PWS. This document details security clearance requirements for personnel, facility requirements, and any specific certifications that are required for the performance of this requirement. ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 561621, Security Systems Services (except Locksmiths) with a Small Business Size Standard of $25M. The Product Service Code is N063. Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS Interested parties should address the following questions in their response. The responses to these questions will aid the Government in determining whether a company is capable in performing the requirement, so it is important to address these areas with specific details. What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? Has your company managed a task of this nature? If so, please provide details. Has your company managed a team of subcontractors before? If so, provide details. Provide details on your intended management approach for meeting the requirements of a contract of this scope/complexity/magnitude. Company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office locations, Unique Entity Identifier (UIE) number, etc. How you will staff this effort with qualified personnel and a description of your team with roles and responsibilities. Respondents to this notice also must indicate whether they qualify as a Small, Small Disadvantaged, Women-Owned, HUBZone, or Service Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concern under the NAICS code identified for this requirement. Include in your response your ability to meet the requirements in the Facility and Safeguarding requirements (if applicable). Per paragraph 8, Program Background, above, provide details on how you intend to support this requirement given the given the system’s proprietary data rights. Interested parties shall adhere to the following instructions for the submittal of their capabilities statements. Page Limit and Format: Ten (10)

8.5 X 11 inch pages in Times New Roman font of not less than 10 point. Document Type: Microsoft Word, Adobe PDF, etc. Delivery: Electronic-mail (Email) Submission to the Contract Specialist, Ashley Graves at ashley.d.graves4.civ@us.navy.mil. Response date: Responses are due by 12:00PM EST on 10 APR 2026. No classified information shall be submitted in response to this Sources Sought. No phone calls will be accepted. All questions must be submitted via email to the Contract Specialist, Ashley Graves at ashley.d.graves4.civ@us.navy.mil Questions & Answer section. All responses shall include Sources Sought Notice name/number, Company Name, Company Address, Company Business Size, and Points of Contact (POC), including names, phone numbers, and email addresses. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. Any information or materials provided in response to this Sources Sought Notice will not be returned. The Government is not committed nor obligated to pay for the information provided, and no basis for claims against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this Sources Sought Notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ashley Graves
  - Email: ashley.d.graves4.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Erik Seastrand
  - Email: erik.k.seastrand.civ@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , Draft PWS. This document details security clearance requirements for personnel, facility requirements, and any specific certifications that are required for the performance of this requirement. ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 561621, Security Systems Services (except Locksmiths) with a Small Business Size Standard of $25M. The Product Service Code is N063. Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size in their capabilities statement. SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS Interested parties should address the following questions in their response. The responses to these questions will aid the Government in determining whether a company is capable in performing the requirement, so it is important to address these areas with specific details. What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? Has your company managed a task of this nature? If so, please provide details. Has your company managed a team of subcontractors before? If so, provide details. Provide details on your intended management approach for meeting the requirements of a contract of this scope/complexity/magnitude. Company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office locations, Unique Entity Identifier (UIE) number, etc. How you will staff this effort with qualified personnel and a description of your team with roles and responsibilities. Respondents to this notice also must indicate whether they qualify as a Small, Small Disadvantaged, Women-Owned, HUBZone, or Service Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concern under the NAICS code identified for this requirement. Include in your response your ability to meet the requirements in the Facility and Safeguarding requirements (if applicable). Per paragraph 8, Program Background, above, provide details on how you intend to support this requirement given the given the system’s proprietary data rights. Interested parties shall adhere to the following instructions for the submittal of their capabilities statements. Page Limit and Format: Ten (10)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/040582fce65f49a680e5a94cd1c3cb48/view)