---
layout: default
title: INDEFINITE DELIVERY/INDEFINITE QUANTITY CONTRACT FOR ARCHITECT-ENGINEER SERVICES FOR ENVIRONMENTAL INVESTIGATIONS, PERMIT APPLICATIONS AND RELATED STUDIES AT VARIOUS NAVY AND MARINE CORPS ACTIVITIES, PACIFIC BASIN AND INDIAN OCEAN AREAS
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: cea0a38adca0452c8a74a15e611cd571
---

# INDEFINITE DELIVERY/INDEFINITE QUANTITY CONTRACT FOR ARCHITECT-ENGINEER SERVICES FOR ENVIRONMENTAL INVESTIGATIONS, PERMIT APPLICATIONS AND RELATED STUDIES AT VARIOUS NAVY AND MARINE CORPS ACTIVITIES, PACIFIC BASIN AND INDIAN OCEAN AREAS

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 16:48:32.754-04
- Solicitation Number: N6274222R1803

## Summary

ALL INFORMATION NEEDED FOR INTERESTED PARTIES TO SUBMIT A STANDARD FORM SF 330, ARCHITECT ENGINEER QUALIFICATIONS IS CONTAINED HEREIN. THERE IS NO SEPARATE REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS (RFP) PACKAGE TO DOWNLOAD. This procurement will result in one Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract for multi-discipline Architect-Engineer (AE) services for Environmental Investigations, Permit Applications and Related Studies at Various Navy and Marine Corps Activities, Pacific Basin and Indian Ocean Areas, and at various locations under the cognizance of the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command (NAVFAC), Pacific. These services will be procured in accordance with 40 USC Chapter 11, Selection of Architects and Engineers, as implemented by FAR 36.102. The IDIQ contract will be for a base period of one (1) year, four (4) one (1) year option periods (if exercised), and one (1) six (6) month extension of services period (if exercised). The total fee for the contract term shall not exceed $30,000,000. The guaranteed minimum for the contract term (including option years) is $5,000. Firm-fixed price task orders will be negotiated for this contract. There will be no dollar limit per task order and no dollar limit per year. Estimated start date is January 2027. This proposed contract is being solicited as a Total Small Business Set-Aside. The Small Business size standard classification is North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) Code 541330, Engineering Services, with a small business size standard of $25.5M. The Government seeks the most highly qualified firm to perform the required services, based on the demonstrated competence and qualifications, in accordance with the selection criteria. The market research study (Sources Sought Number: N6274226R1803) conducted by NAVFAC Pacific included an assessment of relevant qualifications and capabilities of potentially qualified firms. As a result of the market research analysis, a determination was made to set aside this procurement for participation amongst Small Business firms. The NAVFAC Pacific small business office concurs with this decision. Architect/Engineering (AE) services are expected to be performed under this contract. The engineering services are for environmental investigations, permit applications and related studies of water, wastewater, storm water, hazardous waste, solid waste and pollution prevention, in accordance with the following laws and applicable regulations: 1) Clean Water Act (CWA); 2) Safe Drinking Water Act (SDWA); 3) Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA); 4) Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA); 5) Clean Air Act (CAA); and 6) Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (OPA90), and applicable Executive Orders, Department of Defense (DoD), Navy/Marine Corps policies and instructions, industry standards as adopted by DoD, and applicable environmental governing standards in foreign countries, and other applicable standards. The services may include the preparation of analytical studies, reports, management plans, technical evaluations, training material, permit applications, preliminary engineering designs, cost estimates and supporting documents for corrective projects, and performing monitoring/testing/training/survey actions. The A-E must have or be able to obtain microbiology, toxicology and chemistry laboratory services. Work shall be performed in accordance with the requirements and statements of work submitted with each project. Many military areas of work anticipated under this contract will not allow the entry of aliens. The field crew of the AE shall be composed of U.S. Citizens who can qualify for access to these areas. The AE shall also be able to provide personnel who have the capability to obtain Secret Clearance and facilities and equipment to manage classified documents. Interested firms are advised to ensure System of Award Management (SAM) registration is current at time of offer submission and at time of award. To be eligible for award, your firm(s) must be registered in the SAM database. For instructions on registering with SAM, see the SAM website at https://sam.gov/. The following certifications and registrations are also mandatory prior to award of a contract: Wide Area Workflow (WAWF) at https://piee.eb.mil/piee-landing/ The awarded contract will be subject to specific provisions addressing the avoidance of organizational conflicts of interest. The prime firm for this contract will be required to perform throughout the contract term. Interviews may be scheduled with firms slated as the most highly qualified. It is anticipated that interviews for slated firms will be conducted at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam, Hawaii. Firms slated for interviews may be asked to clarify information contained in the SF330 submittal. Elaborate presentations are not desired. SELECTION CRITERIA Firms responding to this synopsis will be evaluated to determine the most highly qualified firms to perform the required services in accordance with the selection criteria contained in this synopsis. Failure to comply with instructions, or provide complete information may affect the firm’s evaluation or disqualify the firm from further consideration. The following selection criteria, listed in descending order of importance, will be used to evaluate the qualification of the AE firms: Professional Qualifications of the Key Personnel Specialized Experience/Technical Competence Past Performance Capability and Capacity to Accomplish Work Quality Control Firm’s Location Criterion 1 - Professional Qualifications of the Key Personnel (SF330, Part I, Sections E & G): Basis of Evaluation: Firms will be evaluated on the professional licensing, education, qualifications, and experience of the proposed key personnel in providing services to accomplish the tasks required under this contract, including participation in example projects as outlined in the SF330, Part 1, Section G. The following Key Personnel must be included: Principal Architect / Engineer Project Manager Registered Engineer / Geologist / Architect proficient in: Environmental engineering Sanitary engineering Chemical engineering Geology/hydrogeology Geotechnical engineering Electrical engineering Mechanical engineering Structural engineering Architecture A limit of 24 resumes will be considered to demonstrate professional qualifications in each of the areas. The professional qualifications of the prime contractor’s key personnel will be weighted more heavily than that of the team sub-contractors. The qualifications of the offeror’s staff proposed key personnel shall include the environmental engineering fields of potable water; industrial and domestic wastewater; and storm water. More favorable consideration may be given to any of the following, which are NOT listed in any order of precedence: Types and complexity of the work performed in the projects Logistical challenges and site conditions Experience working for the Navy/Marine Corps Experience working in the NAVFAC Pacific AOR Experience working on CWA, SDWA, TSCA, RCRA, CAA, and OPA90 projects Relevance of educational degree Active professional registration(s)/licenses Submission Requirements: SF330, Part I, Sections E. Complete Section E for each Key Personnel person being proposed that will demonstrate their professional qualifications and experience for the resultant contract. Resumes are limited to two (2) single sided or one (1) double sided page and should indicate: professional registration, certification, licensure and/or accreditation in appropriate disciplines; cite recent (within the past 5 years) project-specific experience in work relevant to the services required under this contract; and indicate proposed role in this contract. For Section E, Block 13, specify the proposed role of the person being proposed for the resultant contract. Provide a maximum of five (5) projects for each resume. Experience that is not related to the work described in this synopsis should not be included. Key Personnel experience may include experience gained while not employed by the prime/subconsultant firm. Criterion 2- Specialized Experience/Technical Competence (SF330, Part I, Section F): Basis of Evaluation: Firms will be evaluated on specialized experience in performance of services similar to those anticipated under this contract and technical competence of the firm or its particular staff members addressing federal, state, territory and local regulatory requirements, and overseas environmental governing standards, and Navy and other applicable DoD instructions of the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, Pacific (NAVFAC PAC) area of responsibility (AOR) in the following environmental services: Potable water master plans and utility assessments; Potable water quality and treatment studies; Wastewater utility assessments; Potable water sanitary surveys; Cross connection control and backflow prevention surveys and program plans; Sludge handling and disposal management; Wastewater slug prevention plans Industrial wastewater management plans Storm water investigations, permit and management, including low impact development (LID) planning; Oily waste, treatment, recycling and disposal; Spill prevention and response planning; Potable water system vulnerability assessments and emergency response/contingency planning; Hydro-geological modeling; Air/ozone-depleting substances (ODS) inventory, permit, modeling and management plan; Pollution prevention (P2); Solid waste utility system assessment and management plans; Hazardous waste management; Dredged material management plans, and Surveying and cadastral, including hydrographic surveying Firm’s specialized experience in relevant projects that include ALL of the following four (4) features listed below may be evaluated more favorably. All features do not have to be within a single project scope. Offerors that do not demonstrate experience in ALL four (4) individual features may be evaluated less favorably. Features: Projects performed in the NAVFAC Pacific AOR, with more favorable consideration for firms demonstrating four (4) or more such projects. Projects for potable water source, treatment, and distribution assessments, with more favorable consideration for firms demonstrating two (2) or more such projects. Projects for sewage/wastewater and industrial waste collection, treatment, and disposal systems investigations and assessments, with more favorable consideration for firms demonstrating two (2) or more such projects. Projects for storm water (including LID) systems investigations, assessment and management and NPDES permits, with more favorable consideration for firms demonstrating two (2) or more such projects. More favorable consideration may be given by demonstrating any of the following, which are NOT listed in any order of precedence: Complex level of work performed in the projects Logistical challenges and site conditions Level of effort performed by the prime firm Experience working for the Navy/Marine Corps Experience working on CWA, SDWA, TSCA, RCRA, CAA, and OPA90 projects Experience working on projects within the NAVFAC Pacific AOR Submission Requirements: Provide a maximum of seven (7) projects that best demonstrates the offeror’s experience on recent, relevant projects completed or substantially completed (at least 85%) within the past five (5) years of the issuance of this synopsis. Sufficient information to determine the percent complete of the project must be included in the project description or the project will not be considered. If more than the maximum number of projects are submitted, the Government will only evaluate projects up to the maximum number authorized in the order submitted. All projects provided in the SF330 must be completed by the actual office/branch/regional office/individual team member proposed to manage and perform work under this contract. Projects not meeting this requirement will be excluded from consideration in the evaluation. To enable verification, firms should include the Unique Entity Identifier number along with each firm name in the SF330 Part 1, Section F, block 25, “Firm Name” Include a contract number or project identification number in block 21. Include an e-mail address and phone number for the point of contact in block 23(c). In block 24, include in the project description the contract period of performance, award contract value, current contract value, and a summary of the work performed that demonstrates relevance to specialized experience as outlined above. For projects performed as a subcontractor or a joint venture involving different partners, specifically indicate the value of the work (percentage) performed as a subcontractor or by those firms proposed for this contract, and identify the specific roles and responsibilities performed as a subcontractor or by those firms on the project rather than the work performed on the project as a whole. If the project description does not clearly delineate the work performed by the entity/entities offering/teaming on this contract, the project could be eliminated from consideration. Projects shall be submitted on the SF330, Part I, Section F and shall be completed or substantially completed projects. Projects not substantially completed will be excluded from evaluation consideration. For submittal purposes, a task order on an IDIQ contract is considered a project, as is a stand-alone contract award. Do not submit an IDIQ contract as an example project. Instead, list relevant task orders or stand-alone contract awards that fit within the definition above. The Government will not evaluate information provided for an IDIQ contract. Examples of project work submitted that do not conform to this requirement will not be evaluated. The SF330, Section F, shall submit no more than one (1) double-sided page per recent, relevant project. If more than one (1) double sided page is submitted, the Government will not consider the information on the additional pages. All information for Criterion 2 should be submitted in the SF330, Part I, Section F. The Government WILL NOT consider information submitted in addition to Part 1, Section F in evaluation of Criterion 2. NOTES: If the firm is a joint venture, projects performed by the joint venture should be submitted; however, if there are no projects performed by the joint venture, projects may be submitted for either joint venture partner. If a firm is utilizing or relying on experience or past performance information from affiliates/subsidiaries/parent companies/LLC/LTD member companies (where the name of the entity is not exactly as stated on the SF330), the proposal shall clearly demonstrate that the affiliate/subsidiary/parent firm/LLC/LTD member companies will have meaningful involvement in the performance of the contract in order for the experience, past performance, and/or key personnel information of the affiliate/subsidiary/parent firm/LLC/LTD member companies to be considered. The proposal shall state the specific resources (e.g., workforce, management, facilities, or other resources) that the affiliate/subsidiary/parent/LLC/LTD member companies will commit toward the performance of the contract. If meaningful involvement is not demonstrated in the proposal, the affiliate, subsidiary or parent company’s experience or past performance and/or key personnel information will not be considered. A subcontractor’s experience and past performance will not be given the same level of consideration as that of either a prime contractor or a joint venture partner/LLC member because there is no direct legal relationship between the Government and a subcontractor. Criterion 3 - Past Performance (SF330, Part I, Section H): Basis of Evaluation: Firms will be evaluated on past performance with Government agencies and private industry in terms of work quality, compliance with schedules, and stakeholder/customer satisfaction of DoD contracts. Evaluating past performance and experience will include information provided in Past Performance Questionnaires (PPQs) or CPARS for Criterion 2 projects and may include customer inquiries, Government databases, and other information available to the Government including contacts with points of contact in other criteria. NOTE: Past performance information for projects listed under Criterion 2 may be given greater weight. Preference will be on past performance on contracts with Government agencies. Submission Requirements: SUBMIT A COMPLETED CPARS EVALUATION FOR EACH PROJECT UNDER CRITERION 2, as an attachment. IF A COMPLETED CPARS EVALUATION IS NOT AVAILABLE, the Past Performance Questionnaire (PPQ) (Attachment (A)) included in this notice is provided for the firm or its team members to submit to the client for each project included under Criterion 2, Specialized Experience/Technical Competence. DO NOT SUBMIT A PPQ WHEN A COMPLETED CPARS IS AVAILABLE. IF A CPARS EVALUATION IS NOT AVAILABLE, ensure correct phone numbers and email addresses are provided for the client point of contact. Completed PPQs should be submitted with your SF330. If the firm is unable to obtain a completed PPQ from a client for a project(s) before the response date set forth in this notice, firms should complete and submit with their responses the first page of the PPQ (Attachment (A)), which will provide contract and client information for the respective project(s). Firms may submit a PPQ previously submitted under a different Notice/RFP (legible copies are acceptable) as long as it is on the same form as posted with this Synopsis. Firms should follow up with clients/references to ensure timely submittal of questionnaires. If requested by the client, questionnaires may be submitted directly to the Government's point of contact, NAVFAC Pacific, Code CON75, Attn: Kylee Chun via email at kylee.k.chun.civ@us.navy.mil, prior to the response date. Firms shall not incorporate by reference into their response PPQs or CPARS previously submitted in response to other A/E services procurements. However, this does not preclude the Government from utilizing previously submitted PPQ information in the past performance evaluation. PPQs shall not be from a prime contractor to a subconsultant or a subconsultant to a prime contractor. PPQs shall be from the customer or the owner of the project. Firms may provide any information on problems encountered and the corrective actions taken on projects submitted under Criterion 2, Specialized Experience/Technical Competence. Firms may also address any adverse past performance issues. Information shall not exceed two (2) double-sided pages (or four (4) single-sided pages) in total. In addition to the above, the Government may review any other sources of relevant information in the evaluation of past performance. Other sources may include, but are not limited to, past performance information retrieved through the CPARS using all CAGE/Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) numbers of team members (partnership, joint venture, teaming partners, former firms, or parent company/subsidiary/affiliate) identified in the SF330, inquiries of owner representatives, Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS), SAM.gov, and any other known sources not provided by the firm. While the Government may elect to consider data from other sources, the burden of providing detailed, current, accurate and complete past performance information rests with the firm. Awards, letters of commendation, certificates of appreciation, etc. shall not be submitted and will not be considered in the evaluation. Criterion 4 – Capability and Capacity to Accomplish Work (SF330, Part I, Section H and D) Basis of Evaluation: Firms will be evaluated on the firm’s ability to deliver on-schedule tasks/products similar to the type described in this synopsis assuming a workload of 10 projects totaling a minimum of $1 million at multiple locations within the solicitation area of responsibility occurring concurrently. Firms who demonstrate substantial overlapping projects or overlapping projects significantly in excess of $1 million in value may be considered more favorably. Firms may be evaluated more favorably if they are able to demonstrate experience working in the NAVFAC Pacific AOR simultaneously. Submission Requirements: SF330, Part I, Section H. Describe the firm’s ability to complete multiple large and small task orders concurrently using the criteria above. The SF330 shall also describe the proposed location of the program management office and how this organization will be advantageous to the Government and a detailed description of the organizational structure and how it will function. Please provide an organizational chart (SF330, Part I, Section D). The organizational chart may be one page single sided 11 by 17 foldout, using 11 point font or larger (font limitations do not apply to graphics, captions or tables). Criterion 5 – Quality Control (SF330, Part I, Section H): Basis of Evaluation: Firms will be evaluated on the strength of the quality control program proposed by the firm to ensure quality products and services under this contract and means of ensuring quality services from their consultants/subcontractors and technical accuracy of finished product. Submission Requirements: Describe the quality control program that will be utilized for all deliverables of this contract and the management approach for quality control processes and procedures. The description shall: Explain the quality control program including an example of how the plan has worked successfully for one of the projects submitted as part of SF330, Section F or how the plan will work if it has not been used previously. Describe the design quality control organization structure; and list the personnel responsible for each phase of the design quality control. Describe how you intend to track review comments. Describe the methodology that will be used to eliminate errors and inconsistencies between all design disciplines and consultants and for the incorporation of lessons learned and review comments. Criterion 6 – Firm’s Location (SF330, Part I, Section H) Basis of Evaluation: Firms will be evaluated on the locations of their office or offices that will be performing the work under this contract and demonstrated knowledge of the general geographic areas in which projects could be located. Evaluation of firms will include consideration of their location within the general geographic area of the anticipated projects, primarily within the NAVFAC Pacific AOR. The SF330 shall be evaluated on the firm’s level of effort in various sites located at Navy and Marine Corps installations and facilities within the NAVFAC Pacific AOR including, but not limited to: Hawaii, Guam, Japan, Diego Garcia, Singapore, Korea, Washington, California and other areas in the Pacific and Indian Oceans. In addition, the firm’s ability to provide timely response to requests for on-site support to various locations within the general geographical area of the intended work. Submission Requirements: SF330, Part I, Section H. Indicate location of the office(s) that will be performing the work, including main offices, branch offices, and offices of team members. Provide a narrative describing the team’s knowledge of the primary geographic areas to be covered by this contract. Provide the firm’s methodology to provide timely responses to request for on-site support to various locations within the general geographical area of the intended work. SF330 SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS: AE submittals shall accurately complete all information requested on the SF330, clearly and specifically; include qualifications in narrative discussion in sufficient detail, addressing each of the foregoing selection evaluation criteria; and prepared in an organized format, in order to be properly evaluated. The AE firm and team consultants, selected for the resultant contract, will be required to perform throughout the contract term. This solicitation requires all interested firms to have on-line access to email via the Internet. Notifications and correspondence will be via email; therefore, email addresses must be indicated in the SF330. Please include your Unique Entity Identifier and CAGE numbers in Block 30 of the SF330. AE firms desiring to be considered for this acquisition shall submit a completed SF330 package. Do not submit SF254/255s. The SF330 shall be typed and at least 11 point Time New Roman or larger. Part I, Section H shall not exceed thirty (30) single-sided 8.5 by 11 inch pages. This page limit does not include submission requirements annotated in the synopsis as Attachments (i.e. PPQ, CPARS, Joint Venture (JV), Limited Liability Company (LLC), and Limited Partnership (LTD) Agreements) nor does the page limit include cover sheets or dividers, provided that these do not contain any substantive information submitted in response to the synopsis or intended to demonstrate the qualifications of the firm. Part I pages shall be numbered sequentially. In accordance with the FAR 36.601-4(b), contracts for architect-engineer services may only be awarded to firms permitted by law to practice the professions of architecture or engineering. Firms must submit proof that their professions of architecture or engineering are permitted by law as required by FAR 36.601-4(b) i.e. State registration number. If a firm is in a jurisdiction that requires AE firm registration, the firm must provide proof of registration. If a firm is in a jurisdiction that does not require AE firm registration, the firm must provide proof eligibility to practice (e.g., a summary explaining eligibility under the laws of that jurisdiction). Failure to submit the required proof could result in a firm’s elimination from consideration. Firms that are submitting information as a JV, LLC, or LTD shall submit a copy of their JV Agreement, LLC Operating Agreement, or LTD Agreement as an attachment. Failure to do so will result in the rejection of the SF330 from further consideration. In addition, please ensure that the agreements address the following: a. A detailed statement outlining the following in terms of percentages where appropriate: The relationship of the team/partners/parties in terms of business ownership, capital contribution, profit distribution or loss sharing. The management approach in terms of who will conduct, direct, supervise, and control. The structure and decision-making responsibilities of the partners/parties in terms of who will control the manner and method of performance of work. Identify (by name and title) the personnel having the authority to legally bind the partners/parties (including authority to execute the contract documents). b. A list of partners/parties, to include company name, UEI and CAGE numbers, address, point of contact, email address, phone number, and facsimile number. A-E firms meeting the requirements described in this announcement are invited to submit, SF330, (3) hard copies), one (1) CD electronic copy to the Commander, NAVFAC PACIFIC, Contracting Department, Environmental Contracts Division (ACQ75:DK) by 2:00 p.m. HST, on Thursday, 07 May 2026 at the following address: If sent via United Postal Service: Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, Pacific Solicitation No. N62742-26-R-1803 Environmental Contracts Branch (Code CON75) 258 Makalapa Drive, Suite 100 JBPHH, Hawaii 96860-3134 If hand-carried/or via courier services: Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, Pacific Solicitation No. N62742-26-R-1803 Environmental Contracts Branch (Code CON75) 4256 Radford Drive, Building 62 Honolulu, Hawaii 96818-3296 AE firms utilized by the prime AE must also submit complete Architect-Engineer Qualifications and resumes. Submit one hardcopy of each form plus one CD electronic copy. Facsimile and electronic submission of SF330 will not be accepted. SF330 and electronic copy will not be returned. This is not a request for a proposal. Late responses will be handled in accordance with FAR 52.215-1.Questions regarding the synopsis shall be submitted in writing via electronic email to Ms. Danika Kamikawa, danika.m.kamikawa.civ@us.navy.mil, and Kylee Chun, kylee.k.chun.civ@us.navy.mil. Emailed questions must be received no later than ten (10) business days in advance of the closing date. Electronic (E-mail, facsimile, etc.) submissions are not authorized.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kylee Chun
  - Email: kylee.k.chun.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 808-602-2898
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Danika Kamikawa
  - Email: danika.m.kamikawa.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 808-602-7601

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: ) included in this notice is provided for the firm or its team members to submit to the client for each project included under Criterion 2, Specialized Experience/Technical Competence. DO NOT SUBMIT A PPQ WHEN A COMPLETED CPARS IS AVAILABLE. IF A CPARS EVALUATION IS NOT AVAILABLE, ensure correct phone numbers and email addresses are provided for the client point of contact. Completed PPQs should be submitted with your SF330. If the firm is unable to obtain a completed PPQ from a client for a project(s) before the response date set forth in this notice, firms should complete and submit with their responses the first page of the PPQ (Attachment (A)), which will provide contract and client information for the respective project(s). Firms may submit a PPQ previously submitted under a different Notice/RFP (legible copies are acceptable) as long as it is on the same form as posted with this Synopsis. Firms should follow up with clients/references to ensure timely submittal of questionnaires. If requested by the client, questionnaires may be submitted directly to the Government"s point of contact, NAVFAC Pacific, Code CON75, Attn: Kylee Chun via email at kylee.k.chun.civ@us.navy.mil, prior to the response date. Firms shall not incorporate by reference into their response PPQs or CPARS previously submitted in response to other A/E services procurements. However, this does not preclude the Government from utilizing previously submitted PPQ information in the past performance evaluation. PPQs shall not be from a prime contractor to a subconsultant or a subconsultant to a prime contractor. PPQs shall be from the customer or the owner of the project. Firms may provide any information on problems encountered and the corrective actions taken on projects submitted under Criterion 2, Specialized Experience/Technical Competence. Firms may also address any adverse past performance issues. Information shall not exceed two (2) double-sided pages (or four (4) single-sided pages) in total. In addition to the above, the Government may review any other sources of relevant information in the evaluation of past performance. Other sources may include, but are not limited to, past performance information retrieved through the CPARS using all CAGE/Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) numbers of team members (partnership, joint venture, teaming partners, former firms, or parent company/subsidiary/affiliate) identified in the SF330, inquiries of owner representatives, Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS), SAM.gov, and any other known sources not provided by the firm. While the Government may elect to consider data from other sources, the burden of providing detailed, current, accurate and complete past performance information rests with the firm. Awards, letters of commendation, certificates of appreciation, etc. shall not be submitted and will not be considered in the evaluation. Criterion 4 – Capability and Capacity to Accomplish Work (SF330, Part I, Section H and D) Basis of Evaluation: Firms will be evaluated on the firm’s ability to deliver on-schedule tasks/products similar to the type described in this synopsis assuming a workload of 10 projects totaling a minimum of $1 million at multiple locations within the solicitation area of responsibility occurring concurrently. Firms who demonstrate substantial overlapping projects or overlapping projects significantly in excess of $1 million in value may be considered more favorably. Firms may be evaluated more favorably if they are able to demonstrate experience working in the NAVFAC Pacific AOR simultaneously. Submission Requirements: SF330, Part I, Section H. Describe the firm’s ability to complete multiple large and small task orders concurrently using the criteria above. The SF330 shall also describe the proposed location of the program management office and how this organization will be advantageous to the Government and a detailed description of the organizational structure and how it will function. Please provide an organizational chart (SF330, Part I, Section D). The organizational chart may be one page single sided 11 by 17 foldout, using 11 point font or larger (font limitations do not apply to graphics, captions or tables). Criterion 5 – Quality Control (SF330, Part I, Section H): Basis of Evaluation: Firms will be evaluated on the strength of the quality control program proposed by the firm to ensure quality products and services under this contract and means of ensuring quality services from their consultants/subcontractors and technical accuracy of finished product. Submission Requirements: Describe the quality control program that will be utilized for all deliverables of this contract and the management approach for quality control processes and procedures. The description shall: Explain the quality control program including an example of how the plan has worked successfully for one of the projects submitted as part of SF330, Section F or how the plan will work if it has not been used previously. Describe the design quality control organization structure; and list the personnel responsible for each phase of the design quality control. Describe how you intend to track review comments. Describe the methodology that will be used to eliminate errors and inconsistencies between all design disciplines and consultants and for the incorporation of lessons learned and review comments. Criterion 6 – Firm’s Location (SF330, Part I, Section H) Basis of Evaluation: Firms will be evaluated on the locations of their office or offices that will be performing the work under this contract and demonstrated knowledge of the general geographic areas in which projects could be located. Evaluation of firms will include consideration of their location within the general geographic area of the anticipated projects, primarily within the NAVFAC Pacific AOR. The SF330 shall be evaluated on the firm’s level of effort in various sites located at Navy and Marine Corps installations and facilities within the NAVFAC Pacific AOR including, but not limited to: Hawaii, Guam, Japan, Diego Garcia, Singapore, Korea, Washington, California and other areas in the Pacific and Indian Oceans. In addition, the firm’s ability to provide timely response to requests for on-site support to various locations within the general geographical area of the intended work. Submission Requirements: SF330, Part I, Section H. Indicate location of the office(s) that will be performing the work, including main offices, branch offices, and offices of team members. Provide a narrative describing the team’s knowledge of the primary geographic areas to be covered by this contract. Provide the firm’s methodology to provide timely responses to request for on-site support to various locations within the general geographical area of the intended work. SF330 SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS: AE submittals shall accurately complete all information requested on the SF330, clearly and specifically; include qualifications in narrative discussion in sufficient detail, addressing each of the foregoing selection evaluation criteria; and prepared in an organized format, in order to be properly evaluated. The AE firm and team consultants, selected for the resultant contract, will be required to perform throughout the contract term. This solicitation requires all interested firms to have on-line access to email via the Internet. Notifications and correspondence will be via email; therefore, email addresses must be indicated in the SF330. Please include your Unique Entity Identifier and CAGE numbers in Block 30 of the SF330. AE firms desiring to be considered for this acquisition shall submit a completed SF330 package. Do not submit SF254/255s. The SF330 shall be typed and at least 11 point Time New Roman or larger. Part I, Section H shall not exceed thirty (30) single-sided 8.5 by 11 inch pages. This page limit does not include submission requirements annotated in the synopsis as Attachments (i.e. PPQ, CPARS, Joint Venture (JV), Limited Liability Company (LLC), and Limited Partnership (LTD) Agreements) nor does the page limit include cover sheets or dividers, provided that these do not contain any substantive information submitted in response to the synopsis or intended to demonstrate the qualifications of the firm. Part I pages shall be numbered sequentially. In accordance with the FAR 36.601-4(b), contracts for architect-engineer services may only be awarded to firms permitted by law to practice the professions of architecture or engineering. Firms must submit proof that their professions of architecture or engineering are permitted by law as required by FAR 36.601-4(b) i.e. State registration number. If a firm is in a jurisdiction that requires AE firm registration, the firm must provide proof of registration. If a firm is in a jurisdiction that does not require AE firm registration, the firm must provide proof eligibility to practice (e.g., a summary explaining eligibility under the laws of that jurisdiction). Failure to submit the required proof could result in a firm’s elimination from consideration. Firms that are submitting information as a JV, LLC, or LTD shall submit a copy of their JV Agreement, LLC Operating Agreement, or LTD Agreement as an attachment. Failure to do so will result in the rejection of the SF330 from further consideration. In addition, please ensure that the agreements address the following: a. A detailed statement outlining the following in terms of percentages where appropriate: The relationship of the team/partners/parties in terms of business ownership, capital contribution, profit distribution or loss sharing. The management approach in terms of who will conduct, direct, supervise, and control. The structure and decision-making responsibilities of the partners/parties in terms of who will control the manner and method of performance of work. Identify (by name and title) the personnel having the authority to legally bind the partners/parties (including authority to execute the contract documents). b. A list of partners/parties, to include company name, UEI and CAGE numbers, address, point of contact, email address, phone number, and facsimile number. A-E firms meeting the requirements described in this announcement are invited to submit, SF330, (3) hard copies), one (1) CD electronic copy to the Commander, NAVFAC PACIFIC, Contracting Department, Environmental Contracts Division (ACQ75:DK) by 2:00 p.m. HST, on Thursday, 07 May 2026 at the following address: If sent via United Postal Service: Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, Pacific Solicitation No. N62742-26-R-1803 Environmental Contracts Branch (Code CON75) 258 Makalapa Drive, Suite 100 JBPHH, Hawaii 96860-3134 If hand-carried/or via courier services: Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, Pacific Solicitation No. N62742-26-R-1803 Environmental Contracts Branch (Code CON75) 4256 Radford Drive, Building 62 Honolulu, Hawaii 96818-3296 AE firms utilized by the prime AE must also submit complete Architect-Engineer Qualifications and resumes. Submit one hardcopy of each form plus one CD electronic copy. Facsimile and electronic submission of SF330 will not be accepted. SF330 and electronic copy will not be returned. This is not a request for a proposal. Late responses will be handled in accordance with FAR 52.215-1.Questions regarding the synopsis shall be submitted in writing via electronic email to Ms. Danika Kamikawa, danika.m.kamikawa.civ@us.navy.mil, and Kylee Chun, kylee.k.chun.civ@us.navy.mil. Emailed questions must be received no later than ten (10) business days in advance of the closing date. Electronic (E-mail, facsimile, etc.) submissions are not authorized

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cea0a38adca0452c8a74a15e611cd571/view)