---
layout: default
title: Defense Supply Center Richmond (DSCR) B66 BBQ Pit Repairs
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 306ad71a987d4a67a60508cfc5780e54
---

# Defense Supply Center Richmond (DSCR) B66 BBQ Pit Repairs

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 13:20:51.47-04
- Solicitation Number: SP470326Q0028

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial goods and services IAW FAR part 12. Defense Supply Center Richmond (DSCR) Building 66D BBQ Pit Repairs This is a solicitation for construction prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 36, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. The solicitation number SP4703-26-Q-0028 is issued as a request for quote (RFQ). The resulting contract will be a firm-fixed price award with a period of performance of 90 days after the Notice to Proceed. 1. OBJECTIVES The objective of this project is to restore the perform necessary repairs to the existing concrete foundation and brick barbeque (BBQ) grill to restore structural integrity, functionality, and aesthetic appeal to the area behind building 66 of the Defense Supply Center Richmond (DSCR) installation. This will be achieved by removing the damaged section of the concrete foundation as well as the damaged brick BBQ grill then replacing both with a new concrete foundation and rebuilding the brick BBQ grill. 2. BACKGROUND The existing concrete foundation and brick BBQ grill have shown signs of deterioration, including cracking, uneven settling, and compromised structural integrity. These issues have impacted both the safety and usability of the outdoor space. To address these concerns and enhance the functionality and appearance of the area, the project will involve the complete removal of the current concrete foundation and brick BBQ grill. Following demolition, new structures will be constructed using durable materials and modern techniques to ensure long-term performance and compliance with current building standards. This replacement effort is part of a broader initiative to revitalize the outdoor environment of the DSCR and improve its overall utility and aesthetic value as well as to restore the area to its intended function. 3. SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS The contractor shall: Demolition • Dismantle and dispose of the existing brick BBQ grill, demolished materials may be reused for the new BBQ grill construction with approval of the FRIE Project Manager. • Sawcut, demolish, and remove the existing concrete foundation from the existing construction joint. The existing slab is approximately 7.5’-0” x 10’-0” x 0’10” thick (contractor to verify in field). The contractor is not to demolish or damage any concrete related to the existing pavilion foundation. • Ensure proper disposal of all debris in accordance with local regulations. Site Preparation • Install temporary barriers or signage to secure the work area. • Clear and level the site after demolition. • Compact native soil. • Compact a minimum 6” sub-base consisting of crusher run or dense grade aggregate (DGA) in 3” lifts. • Compact a minimum on 6” #57 stone in 3” lifts. Foundation Construction • Pour new 8.5’-0” x 12’-0” x 1’-6” thick concrete Slab on Grade foundation in accordance with UFC 3-301-01 consisting of 4000 psi concrete and a minimum of #6 grade 60 steel reinforcing at 12” on center, each way. Use standard broom finish per the above UFC. • Ensure new top of slab on grade is level with existing pavilion foundation. • Install new expansion joint between new slab on grade and existing slab on grade, where the demolition saw cut was made. • Ensure proper curing and finishing to prevent future cracking or settling. BBQ Grill Construction • Construct new brick BBQ grill in accordance with UFC 3-110-03. • Ensure minimum 1’-0” clear space between new BBQ grill and edge of new concrete slab on grade. • Incorporate design features such as firebox, chimney, and grill grates to match existing BBQ grill. This acquisition is set-aside for 100% small businesses. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 238140 (Masonry Contractors). The small business size standard is $19M. Department of Labor Wage Determination based on location of the service provided (Richmond, VA). Partial proposals will not be accepted. For an offer to be considered for award, the contractor must own, possess, or otherwise control a bona fide place of business from which mobilization occurs within 125 miles of Defense Supply Center Richmond. A bona fide place of business refers to a location where the offeror regularly maintains an office with at least one full-time employee. The offeror must include the address of this location in its bid. Award will be made to the lowest priced, technically acceptable (LPTA) offeror that meets the requirements stated in the Statement of Work and the solicitation. Also refer to clauses and provisions included in this notice. Past performance will be considered a part of Technical Acceptability, and the Contracting Officer will pull contractor data from CPARS and SPRS. The contractor must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award. If not already registered in SAM, go to the SAM website www.sam.gov to register prior to submitting your quote. Acceptable method of quote or inquiries submission is Email to benjamin.maxwell@dla.mil. A site visit will be held 04/08/2026 @1000. See p.46 of SOW for DSCR map for location of DSCR B46 meeting location and parking location. There is a map at the end of the SOW. On the right side you should see a building marked "66" in front is a greyed out rectangular shape, this will be the best parking location for you. Once it hits 1000 we will walk around to the BBQ Pit together. In order to attend the site visit interested parties MUST follow the instructions below no less than 5 business days prior to the site visit. This is to allow time for vetting by base security. Plan on arriving at DSCR an hour prior to the site visit time, as the processing time through the visitor center fluctuates. Follow the link below to register through DBIDS, and a QR code should be provided for each visitor. The QR codes MUST be emailed to the Project Manager, Robert Miller <Robert.C.Miller@dla.mil.> (Work Cell: (804) 239-6891). The QR code MUST be emailed to the project manager as soon as possible due to the lengthy vetting process of approximately 5 business days. The project manager will also serve as the sponsor for site visit attendees. A new system was implemented on 3 January 2023 to screen visitors and contractors for installation access at DSCR. The new system is designed to increase efficiencies, enhance the protection of personal information during the vetting process and eliminate the use of hard copy DLA Form 1815s. The new screening system will require visitors and contractors to pre-enroll in DBIDS (Defense Biometric Identification System). To begin the process, visitors and contractors will complete registration through the pre-enrollment website: https://dbids-global-enroll.dmdc.mil. Upon entry of their information, visiting personnel will be provided an electronic form to download, which will have an individualized barcode and alpha numeric code. The codes need to be sent to the visiting person’s sponsor. Once in receipt of the barcode, the sponsor will email Security and Emergency Services and provide the barcode and sponsorship information. Once the visitor/contractor is vetted and approved for installation access, Security & Emergency Services will notify the sponsor that the visitor/contractor can go to the DSCR Visitor Center to obtain his/her pass. At the Visitor Center, the visitor provides the barcode and code provided earlier in the process and completes the credentialing process. See attached SOW for full requirement details. Parties interested in submitting a quote for this project are advised and expected to have reviewed the entire SOW prior to site visit attendance. Questions are due on 13APR26, end of day. Submit questions via email to benjamin.maxwell@dla.mil. Quotes are due 20APR26, end of day. The point of contact (POC) for this requirement is Benjamin Maxwell (benjamin.maxwell@dla.mil). Reference Attachment 1 - Statement of Work (SOW) for additional work scope and details. Period of Performance: 90 days from Notice to Proceed MAGINITUDE OF CONSTRUCTION

36.204 Disclosure of the magnitude of construction projects. | Acquisition.GOV In accordance with FAR Part 36.204(b), the estimated Magnitude of Construction for this contract is between $25,000 and $100,000.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Benjamin Maxwell
  - Email: benjamin.maxwell@dla.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Robert Moragues, Contracting Officer
  - Email: robert.moragues@dla.mil
  - Phone: 8042795309

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Statement of Work (SOW) for additional work scope and details. Period of Performance: 90 days from Notice to Proceed MAGINITUDE OF CONSTRUCTION

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/306ad71a987d4a67a60508cfc5780e54/view)