---
layout: default
title: APELC BPA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 41e0e25d7b994c89869a23f9849f0ce5
---

# APELC BPA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 15:17:05.799-04
- Solicitation Number: N0017826R1601

## Summary

COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION #: N0017826R1601 Submitted by: Ashlee Wesley NAICS Code: 334515 FSC/PSC Code: N066 Anticipated Date to be published in SAM.gov: 04/13/2026 Anticipated Closing Date: 04/27/2026 Contracts POC Name: Ashlee Wesley Telephone: 540-742-8849 Email Address: Ashlee.Wesley@navy.mil PSC/FSC Codes and Description: N099- Installation Of Equipment-Miscellaneous, AC13 - National Defense R&D Services; Department of Defense - Military; Experimental Development; J066 - Maint/Repair/Rebuild of Equipment- Instruments and Laboratory Equipment; 5865 - Electronic Countermeasures, Counter-Countermeasures and Quick Reaction Capability Equipment; 5999 - Miscellaneous Electrical And Electronic Components; 6625 - Electrical and Electronic Properties Measuring and Testing Instruments; 6640 - Laboratory Equipment and Supplies Basis for award: __ Brand Name or Equal - FAR 6.103-1(d) X Sole Source - FAR 6.103-1(b) __ Full and Open - FAR 6.101 __ Total Small Business Set Aside - FAR 19.104-1 This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items and service prepared in accordance with FAR Part 12 using the publicizing requirements of FAR Part 5. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Quotations are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Synopsis/Solicitation N0017826R1601 is being issued with intent to solicit and award a sole source Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) for supplies and services. The provisions and clauses incorporated in this solicitation are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Regulation and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement as of the date of issuance and are included in the attached SF 1449. For commercial acquisitions using simplified procedures under FAR Part 12, Buy American applies unless the value exceeds the applicable Trade Agreements threshold, in which case Trade Agreements apply. NSWCDD proposes to issue one sole source, commercial, five-year BPA for products and services from Applied Physical Electronics, L.C. located in Spicewood, TX. The BPA will reduce the procurement timelines and enable NSWCDD to establish calls to satisfy recurring requirements that cannot be accurately predicted. Calls under the BPAs will be Firm Fixed Price and shall not exceed the simplified acquisition threshold per call. Individual calls placed under this agreement will identify definitive requirements. The BPA shall include the terms to allow the government credit card and wide area workflow (WAWF) as the methods of payments. Please note that a BPA is not a contract. A BPA is a streamlined method for acquiring products or services on an as-needed basis from qualified sources that are readily available and thus eliminate the need for repetitive costly re-procurements. There is no minimum or maximum guaranteed quantity. All calls/orders must be acknowledged by the selected contractor in order to be retained on the BPA calling list. The Government will not be issuing a formal Request for Proposal because this notice will result in a sole source BPA. In addition, the Government does not intend to pay for any information provided under this notice. The Government is not obligated to notify respondents of the results of this notice. Individual call numbers shall not exceed the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of $250,000. Period of performance for the BPA not to exceed 5 years after date of BPA award. BPA calls issued will be firm fixed price. Simplified Acquisition Procedures in accordance with FAR Part 13 will be utilized. All costs associated with this requirement must be included in the quoted price. This includes shipping and freight to Dahlgren VA 22407-1902 as well as any tariff or duty charges. No additional costs may be added after award. Where applicable, DFARS 252.225-7013, Duty-Free Entry, will be incorporated. The Government will utilize Simplified Acquisition Procedures, and the order will be issued on a firm fixed-price basis. All responsible offerors shall submit a quotation in response to this solicitation. By submission of a quotation, the offeror represents compliance with the applicable representations and certifications, which are incorporated by reference and completed in the System for Award Management (SAM), as applicable. Submission of a quotation shall constitute the offeror’s unconditional agreement to the terms and conditions of this solicitation. The offeror shall provide documentation from the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) confirming the offeror is an authorized reseller or distributor of the brand-name item(s) quoted. Quotations submitted without such documentation may not be considered for award. Quotations that take exception to the terms and conditions of this solicitation may be rejected. Offerors are encouraged to submit published pricing, historical pricing data, or other information to support the Government’s price analysis and determination of fair and reasonable pricing. Quotes will only be accepted from authorized re-sellers who have provided a Letter of Authorization. Award will be made on a Lowest Price Technically Acceptable basis. In order to be eligible for award, firms must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Offerors may obtain information on registration in SAM by calling 866-606-8220, or via the Internet at https://www.sam.gov. Proposal is due by 27 April 2026, no later than 12:00 p.m. EST with an anticipated award date by 1 June 2026. Questions and responses regarding this synopsis/solicitation may be submitted by e-mail to ashlee.wesley@navy.mil prior to the RFQ closing. Email should reference Synopsis/Solicitation Number N0017826R1601 in the subject line. Attachments – -SOW -SF1449: Solicitation/Contract/Order for Commercial Items

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ashlee Wesley
  - Email: ashlee.wesley@navy.mil
  - Phone: 5407428849

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/41e0e25d7b994c89869a23f9849f0ce5/view)