---
layout: default
title: 6515--Monitors: Physio: Cardiac Output: Bedside (Hemodynamic)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: cc5f1a00c2df46a99935c3ac1f9a2163
---

# 6515--Monitors: Physio: Cardiac Output: Bedside (Hemodynamic)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-14 14:15:52.442-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10X26Q0111
- Awardee: null

## Summary

1.0 DESCRIPTION The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment National Program has identified the Monitors: Physio: Cardiac Output: Bedside product line as a candidate for the Department of Veterans Affairs VA-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) Non-Expendable Equipment (NX) Requirements contract award. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Office of Procurement, Acquisition and Logistics (OPAL) Strategic Acquisition Center (SAC) on behalf of VHA is issuing this Sources Sought in accordance with FAR 10.001 to determine the availability and technical capabilities of qualified sources. The SAC in conjunction with VHA is seeking a qualified source to provide Becton Dickinson HemoSphere Alta® brand name or equal Monitor and Monitors: Physio: Cardiac Output: Bedside systems and components on an agency wide basis. VA intends to award a Requirements Contract with Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) orders IAW FAR 16.503, Requirements Contract to a supplier of this equipment. Vendors will be required to deliver Monitors: Physio: Cardiac Output: Bedside systems and components to VA medical centers and facilities throughout the United States. The anticipated period of performance is for one 12-month base period with four 12-month option periods from the date of award. However, the Government's decision as to whether or not to continue with the contract, upon annual review, will be based upon successful performance during each previous year and continued need. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 339112 Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing and the associated size standard is 1,000 employees. The FAR Provision found at 52.204-7 requires that The Offeror shall have an active Federal Government contracts registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) when submitting an offer or quotation in response to this solicitation and at the time of award. You may access the SAM website at Home | SAM.gov. All offerors must be certified with the appropriate NAICS code on the SAM website. All SDVOSB/VOSB offerors must be verified in the Small Business Administration (SBA) database at Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) database at: Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov) at the time of proposal submission. This notice is for planning purposes only and does not constitute a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract, nor does the Government intend to pay for any information submitted as a result of this notice. This Sources Sought is part of a continuous process for obtaining the latest information on the commercial status of the industry with respect to their current and near-term abilities. The information provided herein is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for, or award, a competitive contract. It is emphasized that this is a notice solely for planning and informational purposes.

2.0 SCOPE These portable bedside monitors are designed to acquire, measure, and process information for the purposes of intermittently measuring and/or continuously monitoring cardiac output (the amount of blood pumped out by the ventricles in a given period of time). Typical functions of a cardiac output bedside monitor include intermittent measurement and/or calculation and display of the cardiac output curve(s), cardiac output index, blood temperature, stroke volume, and systemic vascular resistance. Some monitors may provide continuous cardiac output monitoring features, additional intermittent or continuous hemodynamic monitoring features, or other functions, such as measurement of venous oxygen saturation. The following Contract Line Items are being considered: Contract Line Items Manufacture Part Number Description Base Year Option Year 1 Option Year 2 Option Year 3 Option Year 4 0001 Becton Dickinson ALTAALLSV2 HEMOSPHERE ALTA ALL ON ONE BUNDLE WITH SWAN CCO CABLE, OXIMETRY CABLE, ACUMEN IQ/CLEARSIGHT, FORESIGHT, PRESSURE CABLE FOR ACUMEN IQ/FLOTRAC, AND HPI. Kit contains: ALTAALL1, HEMA70CC2, HEMOXSC100, HEMPC2K, EVHRS, HEMFSM10, HEMAPSC200, 50038354001 **Includes 2-Years of Total Protection Service** **All Technologies** 55 55 55 55 55 0002 Becton Dickinson ALTACR1SV2 HEMOSPHERE ALTA CARDIAC BUNDLE WITH SWAN CCO CABLE, OXIMETRY CABLE, FORESIGHT, PRESSURE CABLE FOR ACUMEN IQ/FLOTRAC, AND HPI. Kit contains: ALTACR1, HEMA70CC2, HEMOXSC100, HEMFSM10, HEMAPSC200, 50038354001 **Includes 2-Years of Total Protection Service** **Cardiac - Invasive** 30 30 30 30 30 0003 Becton Dickinson ALTASR1SV2 HEMOSPHERE ALTA SMART RECOVERY BUNDLE WITH ACUMEN IQ/CLEARSIGHT, PRESSURE CABLE FOR ACUMEN IQ/FLOTRAC. Kit contains: ALTASR1, HEMPC2K, EVHRS, HEMAPSC200, 50038354001 **Includes 2-Years of Total Protection Service** **Smart recovery - Non Invasive** 15 15 15 15 15 0004 Becton Dickinson HEMRLSTD1000 HEMOSPHERE ROLL STAND Accessory 90 90 90 90 90 0005 Becton Dickinson PCCVR PRESSURE CONTROLLER COVER - PCCVR Included 100 100 100 100 100 The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide the Becton Dickinson HemoSphere Alta® Monitor Monitors: Physio: Cardiac Output: Bedside or equal as listed above which meet all the following salient characteristics: SC s 1-6 apply to CLIN s 0001-0003 SC # SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS METHOD OF EVALUATION SC 1 Must be a portable / stand-alone bedside monitor capable of monitoring and displaying the following parameters at a minimum: Oxygen Delivery (DO2), Cardiac Output (CO), Oxygen Content (CaO2), Stroke Volume (SV), Oxygen Saturation (SvO2/Scv02), and Heart Rate (HR) Literature Review SC 2 Must have embedded algorithm(s) capable of providing continuous beat-to-beat CO and SV Literature Review SC 3 Must have embedded algorithm(s) capable of predicting patient deterioration / hemodynamic instability Literature Review SC 4 Must display all parameters in one integrated interface Literature Review SC 5 Must demonstrate ability to interface with EMR. Literature Review SC 6 Must be FDA approved for use in adult critical care patients requiring monitoring of cardiac output and derived hemodynamic parameters in a hospital environment Literature Review For each product (brand name and part number), the response must include descriptive literature demonstrating the product meets or exceeds the SCs specified above. The Government's intent is to include all ancillary items to ensure the equipment can function as designed by the Original Equipment Manufacturer and as clinically required. Vendors are encouraged to provide any product solution or configuration so long as they meet the SCs. Additionally, responses can include any additional product that may be beneficial. These items must be clearly identified by brand name and part number. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice shall include the following: Full name and address of company; Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number; Business Size; Manufacturer or Distributor; If distributor provide full name, business size and address of manufacturer. Country of Origin designation for all products; Ability to provide uninterrupted supply of products on a national scale; Technical Literature that clearly shows product(s) meet the identified SCs (if submitting an or-equal item); Any additional product solution or configuration that would be beneficial to the clinical functionality of the product line identified. Although not required, vendors responding to this Sources Sought may also submit a Capabilities Statement. Contractors submitting capability statements in response to this RFI must specifically address the questions outlined above. Generic capability statements that do not directly pertain to this RFI will not be considered. Additionally, links requesting capability statements or further information will not be accessed. All responses must be submitted as an actual file attachment.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: LEVI RUSSIN
  - Title: CONTRACT SPECIALIST
  - Email: Levi.Russin@va.gov
  - Phone: 518-626-6757

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cc5f1a00c2df46a99935c3ac1f9a2163/view)