---
layout: default
title: Solicitation for Cable Assembly, Spec - NSN: 6150-01-578-0469
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: b22d6700fa134389b01e49a12f046527
---

# Solicitation for Cable Assembly, Spec - NSN: 6150-01-578-0469

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-19 21:56:11.193-04
- Solicitation Number: W912CH-25-R-0081

## Summary

Solicitation for W912CH-25-R-0081 - Cable Assembly, Spec Please see attachment update. a) Posted on 19 MAR 2026 additional Question and Answer (Q&A) under the Attachments section of this solicitation posting. 2. All other terms and conditions, except for those addressed above, remain unchanged and are in full force and effect. ********************************************************************************************************************************** Solicitation for W912CH-25-R-0081 - Cable Assembly, Spec Amendment 0002 1. The purpose of this amendment is to: SF 1449: a) Extend the Offer Due Date from 10 April 2026 to 24 April 2026. 2. All other terms and conditions, except for those addressed above, remain unchanged and are in full force and effect. ************************************************************************************************************** Solicitation for W912CH-25-R-0081 - Cable Assembly, Spec Amendment 0001 1. The purpose of this amendment is to: Section A: a) Update A Narrative section A.3.2 from: A.3.2 The minimum quantity is 16 each and the maximum quantity is 408 each for the Cable Assembly, Spec. To: A.3.2 The minimum quantity is 136 each and the maximum quantity is 408 each for the Cable Assembly, Spec. Section B: a) Update A Narrative A001 from: Minimum 5-Year Quantity: 25 EACH (This will be ordered at the time of the basic contract award). To: Minimum 5-Year Quantity: 136 EACH (This will be ordered at the time of the basic contract award). 2. Extend the Offer Due Date from 03 April 2026 to 10 April 2026. 3. All other terms and conditions, except for those addressed above, remain unchanged and are in full force and effect. Please see attachment update. a) Posted an updated version of Question and Answer (Q&A) under the Attachments section of this solicitation posting.. ****************************************************************************************************************************************** Solicitation for W912CH-25-R-0081 - Cable Assembly, Spec Please see attachment update. a) Posted on 10 MAR 2026 Question and Answer (Q&A) under the Attachments section of this solicitation posting.. 2. All other terms and conditions, except for those addressed above, remain unchanged and are in full force and effect. ****************************************************************************************************************************************** Solicitation for W912CH-25-R-0081 The United States Army Contracting Command – Detroit Arsenal (ACC-DTA) is issuing a solicitation for Small Business Set-Aside. The resulting contract will be a single, five-year, firm-fixed price (FFP), Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract for the supplies specified. This solicitation is for the following item: Noun: CABLE ASSEMBLY, SPEC National Stock Number (NSN): 6150-01-578-0469 Part Number: 12992565 Unit of Issue: Each (EA) Estimated Quantity: Minimum quantity is 16 EA and the maximum quantity is 408 EA NAICS Code: 335999 Inspection: Origin Acceptance: Origin FOB Point: Destination Level of Preservation: Military Level of Packaging: B Please Note: Technical Data Package: A TDP is available. Always download the TDP. The TDP may be updated. The date on the top level drawing does not change when the specs or lower level drawings are revised. Technical Data Package List (TDPL) review date: 04/08/2009 PLEASE BE AWARE: There are qualified parts that need to be procured from a specific vendor. The TDP is EXPORT CONTROLLED, Distribution D Export Controlled. JCP Certification is required. You must request access to the TDP via SAM.gov and have JCP Certification. Joint Certification Program (EXPORT CONTROL): You must be certified under the United States/Canada Joint Certification Program (JCP) (https://www.dla.mil/HQ/LogisticsOperations/Services/JCP/) to be granted access to the technical data (TDP) for this solicitation. The Government requires Military Packaging - Level B and has associated Special Packaging Instructions (SPIs). Please refer to Section D of the solicitation for additional information. ISO Certificate 9001:2015 required CAUTION: This solicitation will be issued electronically as will any amendments thereto. Because of this, the Government is under no obligation and is, in fact, unable to maintain a mailing list. The burden is therefore on any interested parties to periodically access the above internet address in order to obtain any amendments which may be issued. Failure to obtain any amendments and to respond to them prior to the date and time set for receipt of proposals may render your proposal nonresponsive and result in the rejection of the proposal. Please read this solicitation. There are several clauses and provisions throughout this solicitation that require information to be provided. To be considered for award, please return one signed copy of your offer via e-mail to Contract Specialist: Christina Herbig (christina.a.herbig.civ@army.mil) All questions pertaining to this solicitation shall be directed in writing to the Contract Specialist identified above.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Zachary Wiegand
  - Email: zachary.k.wiegand.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5715889382
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Christina Herbig
  - Email: christina.a.herbig.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . a) Posted on 19 MAR 2026 additional Question and Answer (Q&A) under the Attachments section of this solicitation posting. 2. All other terms and conditions, except for those addressed above, remain unchanged and are in full force and effect. ********************************************************************************************************************************** Solicitation for W912CH-25-R-0081 - Cable Assembly, Spec Amendment 0002 1. The purpose of this amendment is to: SF 1449: a) Extend the Offer Due Date from 10 April 2026 to 24 April 2026. 2. All other terms and conditions, except for those addressed above, remain unchanged and are in full force and effect. ************************************************************************************************************** Solicitation for W912CH-25-R-0081 - Cable Assembly, Spec Amendment 0001 1. The purpose of this amendment is to: Section A: a) Update A Narrative section A.3.2 from: A.3.2 The minimum quantity is 16 each and the maximum quantity is 408 each for the Cable Assembly, Spec. To: A.3.2 The minimum quantity is 136 each and the maximum quantity is 408 each for the Cable Assembly, Spec. Section B: a) Update A Narrative A001 from: Minimum 5-Year Quantity: 25 EACH (This will be ordered at the time of the basic contract award). To: Minimum 5-Year Quantity: 136 EACH (This will be ordered at the time of the basic contract award). 2. Extend the Offer Due Date from 03 April 2026 to 10 April 2026. 3. All other terms and conditions, except for those addressed above, remain unchanged and are in full force and effect. Please see attachment update. a) Posted an updated version of Question and Answer (Q&A) under the Attachments section of this solicitation posting.. ****************************************************************************************************************************************** Solicitation for W912CH-25-R-0081 - Cable Assembly, Spec Please see attachment update. a) Posted on 10 MAR 2026 Question and Answer (Q&A) under the Attachments section of this solicitation posting.. 2. All other terms and conditions, except for those addressed above, remain unchanged and are in full force and effect. ****************************************************************************************************************************************** Solicitation for W912CH-25-R-0081 The United States Army Contracting Command – Detroit Arsenal (ACC-DTA) is issuing a solicitation for Small Business Set-Aside. The resulting contract will be a single, five-year, firm-fixed price (FFP), Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Contract for the supplies specified. This solicitation is for the following item: Noun: CABLE ASSEMBLY, SPEC National Stock Number (NSN): 6150-01-578-0469 Part Number: 12992565 Unit of Issue: Each (EA) Estimated Quantity: Minimum quantity is 16 EA and the maximum quantity is 408 EA NAICS Code: 335999 Inspection: Origin Acceptance: Origin FOB Point: Destination Level of Preservation: Military Level of Packaging: B Please Note: Technical Data Package: A TDP is available. Always download the TDP. The TDP may be updated. The date on the top level drawing does not change when the specs or lower level drawings are revised. Technical Data Package List (TDPL) review date: 04/08/2009 PLEASE BE AWARE: There are qualified parts that need to be procured from a specific vendor. The TDP is EXPORT CONTROLLED, Distribution D Export Controlled. JCP Certification is required. You must request access to the TDP via SAM.gov and have JCP Certification. Joint Certification Program (EXPORT CONTROL): You must be certified under the United States/Canada Joint Certification Program (JCP) (https://www.dla.mil/HQ/LogisticsOperations/Services/JCP/) to be granted access to the technical data (TDP) for this solicitation. The Government requires Military Packaging - Level B and has associated Special Packaging Instructions (SPIs). Please refer to Section D of the solicitation for additional information. ISO Certificate 9001:2015 required CAUTION: This solicitation will be issued electronically as will any amendments thereto. Because of this, the Government is under no obligation and is, in fact, unable to maintain a mailing list. The burden is therefore on any interested parties to periodically access the above internet address in order to obtain any amendments which may be issued. Failure to obtain any amendments and to respond to them prior to the date and time set for receipt of proposals may render your proposal nonresponsive and result in the rejection of the proposal. Please read this solicitation. There are several clauses and provisions throughout this solicitation that require information to be provided. To be considered for award, please return one signed copy of your offer via e-mail to Contract Specialist: Christina Herbig (christina.a.herbig.civ@army.mil) All questions pertaining to this solicitation shall be directed in writing to the Contract Specialist identified above

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b22d6700fa134389b01e49a12f046527/view)