---
layout: default
title: Mobil DTE Heavy ISO VG 100 turbine oil brand
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 1e2d9b1b96cd45dabfc94c87155b3a85
---

# Mobil DTE Heavy ISO VG 100 turbine oil brand

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-07 16:55:12.097-04
- Solicitation Number: W9127N26QA048

## Summary

Combined Solicitation/Contract Form Continuation Mobil DTE Heavy ISO VG 100 turbine oil This solicitation is for commercial supplies prepared in accordance with the format in the Revolutionary RFO 12.201-1 - Simplified Acquisition Procedures, and additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested. Solicitation W9127N26QA048 is a Request for Quote, for Mobil DTE Heavy ISO VG 100 turbine oil for the Bonneville Lock & Dam, Cascade Locks, Oregon. The Contractor shall deliver all required supplies no later than 4 weeks after the date of award. General Information: The resulting purchase shall include all associated characteristics and items described in the Statement of Work and Specifications. The solicitation document's incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 Effective date 03/13/2026. This solicitation is advertised as a 100% Total Small Business Set-Aside under NAICS Code: 324110 - Petroleum Refineries with a Small Business Size Standard of 700 employees. All prospective offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov to be eligible for award. Lack of active SAM registration will make an offeror ineligible for award. Please review this solicitation in its entirety including all solicitation attachments provided herein and submit an offer for the requested item as outlined in Attachment 1- PH2 Turbine Oil (SOW), UFGS 48 06 15.02 00 Turbine Oil Specifications 4. Instructions: 52.212-1 - INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS-COMMERCIAL ITEMS (MAR 2023) - ADDENDUM Proposals shall include the following: a. UEI Number b. Cage Code c. Contractor Name d. Payment Term (net30) or Discount e. Point of Contact & Phone # f. Email Address g. Date Offer Expires (i). Technical capability of the item offered to meet the Government requirement. Your quote package MUST include spec sheets/information brochures for the items quoted in your package. Information should clearly show and demonstrate your company's ability to meet the stated requirement. Failure to provide enough information will result in a determination of quote being unresponsive to the solicitation. Offerors shall submit quotes via email; oral offers will not be accepted. Any questions generated from this solicitation must be submitted to consuelo.j.kiser@usace.army.mil by 13 April 2026 by 12:00 PM Pacific Time (PT). When addressing questions concerning any aspect of the solicitation, state the page number, section, and paragraph that require clarification. The Contracting Officer will provide clarification(s) through amendment(s) to the solicitation following receipt of any questions. Submissions: Quotes are due no later than 20 April 2026, at 12:00 PM PST. Offerors are responsible for verifying receipt of their quotes to this office before the offer due date and time. Facsimile (Fax) responses are not accepted. If you have any questions or concerns, you may contact Consuelo Kiser by email at consuelo.j.kiser@usace.army.mil. No late submissions will be accepted. Quotes must be emailed to: consuelo.j.kiser@usace.army.mil & suzanne.w.hunt@usace.army.mil. Upon award and satisfactory completion of delivery, invoices shall be submitted as follows in accordance with FAR clause 52.212-4(g): 5. Evaluation: 52.212-2 EVALUATION - COMMERICAL ITEMS (NOV 2021) (The evaluation of quotes will be IAW FAR Part 13.106-2 (b). The total evaluated price will be calculated by totaling all contract line items (CLINs). The award will be made based on the results from selection of the technically acceptable quote with the lowest evaluated price. To be technically acceptable, the Offeror must submit a proposal that clearly meets the minimum requirements of the solicitation and determined acceptable based on the below evaluation factors. 1. Factors to be evaluated: The evaluation of all quotes will be: Factor # 1 - will be rated as Acceptable or Unacceptable in accordance with the performance objectives stated in the Attachment 1- PH2 Turbine Oil (SOW), UFGS 48 06 15.02 00 Turbine Oil Specifications. Factor #2 - Price. An evaluation will be performed on the proposed prices. The evaluation will not be assigned an adjectival rating, yet it will be evaluated for completeness and reasonableness. (End of Provision) 52.215-1 Instructions to Offerors-Competitive Acquisition (Nov 2021) The government intends to evaluate proposals and award a contract without discussions with offerors (except clarifications and described in FAR 15.306(a)), Therefore, the offeror's initial proposal should contain the offeror's best terms from a cost price and technical standpoint. The government reserves the right to conduct discussion of the Contracting Officer later determines them to be necessary. If the Contracting Officer determines that the number of proposals that would otherwise be in the competitive range exceeds the number at which an efficient competition can be conducted, the contracting officer may limit the number of proposals in the competitive range to the greatest number that will permit an efficient competition among the most highly rated proposal. (End of Provision) 6. Contracting Officer Authority Only a warranted Contracting Officer (either a Contracting Officer or an Administrative Contracting Officer (ACO)), acting within the appointed limits, has the authority to issue modifications or otherwise change the terms and conditions of this contract. If an individual other than the Contracting Officer attempts to make changes to the terms and conditions of this contract, the contractor shall not proceed with the change and shall immediately notify the Contracting Officer. Proceeding with any work not authorized by the Contracting Officer will be at the Contractor's risk. For additional information regarding this solicitation contact: Consuelo Kiser at consuelo.j.kiser@usace.army.mil. 7. Attachments: a. Solicitation b. Attachment 1- PH2 Turbine Oil (SOW) c. UFGS 48 06 15.02 00 Turbine Oil Specifications d. Clauses and Provision, found at the end of Solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Consuelo Kiser
  - Email: consuelo.j.kiser@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 7858067187

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - PH2 Turbine Oil (SOW), UFGS 48 06 15.02 00 Turbine Oil Specifications 4. Instructions: 52.212-1 - INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS-COMMERCIAL ITEMS (MAR 2023) - ADDENDUM Proposals shall include the following: a. UEI Number b. Cage Code c. Contractor Name d. Payment Term (net30) or Discount e. Point of Contact & Phone # f. Email Address g. Date Offer Expires (i). Technical capability of the item offered to meet the Government requirement. Your quote package MUST include spec sheets/information brochures for the items quoted in your package. Information should clearly show and demonstrate your company"s ability to meet the stated requirement. Failure to provide enough information will result in a determination of quote being unresponsive to the solicitation. Offerors shall submit quotes via email; oral offers will not be accepted. Any questions generated from this solicitation must be submitted to consuelo.j.kiser@usace.army.mil by 13 April 2026 by 12:00 PM Pacific Time (PT). When addressing questions concerning any aspect of the solicitation, state the page number, section, and paragraph that require clarification. The Contracting Officer will provide clarification(s) through amendment(s) to the solicitation following receipt of any questions. Submissions: Quotes are due no later than 20 April 2026, at 12:00 PM PST. Offerors are responsible for verifying receipt of their quotes to this office before the offer due date and time. Facsimile (Fax) responses are not accepted. If you have any questions or concerns, you may contact Consuelo Kiser by email at consuelo.j.kiser@usace.army.mil. No late submissions will be accepted. Quotes must be emailed to: consuelo.j.kiser@usace.army.mil & suzanne.w.hunt@usace.army.mil. Upon award and satisfactory completion of delivery, invoices shall be submitted as follows in accordance with FAR clause 52.212-4(g): 5. Evaluation: 52.212-2 EVALUATION - COMMERICAL ITEMS (NOV 2021) (The evaluation of quotes will be IAW FAR Part 13.106-2 (b). The total evaluated price will be calculated by totaling all contract line items (CLINs). The award will be made based on the results from selection of the technically acceptable quote with the lowest evaluated price. To be technically acceptable, the Offeror must submit a proposal that clearly meets the minimum requirements of the solicitation and determined acceptable based on the below evaluation factors. 1. Factors to be evaluated: The evaluation of all quotes will be: Factor # 1 - will be rated as Acceptable or Unacceptable in accordance with the performance objectives stated in the Attachment 1- PH2 Turbine Oil (SOW), UFGS 48 06 15.02 00 Turbine Oil Specifications. Factor #2 - Price. An evaluation will be performed on the proposed prices. The evaluation will not be assigned an adjectival rating, yet it will be evaluated for completeness and reasonableness. (End of Provision) 52.215-1 Instructions to Offerors-Competitive Acquisition (Nov 2021) The government intends to evaluate proposals and award a contract without discussions with offerors (except clarifications and described in FAR 15.306(a)), Therefore, the offeror"s initial proposal should contain the offeror"s best terms from a cost price and technical standpoint. The government reserves the right to conduct discussion of the Contracting Officer later determines them to be necessary. If the Contracting Officer determines that the number of proposals that would otherwise be in the competitive range exceeds the number at which an efficient competition can be conducted, the contracting officer may limit the number of proposals in the competitive range to the greatest number that will permit an efficient competition among the most highly rated proposal. (End of Provision) 6. Contracting Officer Authority Only a warranted Contracting Officer (either a Contracting Officer or an Administrative Contracting Officer (ACO)), acting within the appointed limits, has the authority to issue modifications or otherwise change the terms and conditions of this contract. If an individual other than the Contracting Officer attempts to make changes to the terms and conditions of this contract, the contractor shall not proceed with the change and shall immediately notify the Contracting Officer. Proceeding with any work not authorized by the Contracting Officer will be at the Contractor"s risk. For additional information regarding this solicitation contact: Consuelo Kiser at consuelo.j.kiser@usace.army.mil. 7. Attachments: a. Solicitation b. Attachment 1- PH2 Turbine Oil (SOW) c. UFGS 48 06 15.02 00 Turbine Oil Specifications d. Clauses and Provision, found at the end of Solicitation

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1e2d9b1b96cd45dabfc94c87155b3a85/view)