---
layout: default
title: Program Executive Office (PEO) Defense Healthcare Management Systems (DHMS) Deployment Solutions
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: d8fd56ff0f0d467ba04bb987b9da30e8
---

# Program Executive Office (PEO) Defense Healthcare Management Systems (DHMS) Deployment Solutions

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 09:50:15.547-04
- Solicitation Number: HT003826RE001

## Summary

24 March 2026 All questions have been answered and the updated Q&A is attached (DraftRFP_Q&A_DeploymentSolutions_2026.03.24). 19 March 2026 The Government received several hundred questions in response to the draft solicitation. Provided are the first 100 questions and responses. The remaining will be provided at a future date. 04 March 2026 1) Posting was updated to replace Attachment "DRAFT_52.212-1&2_DeploymentSolutions_2026.03.03.pdf" with Attachment "DRAFT_52.212-1&2_DeploymentSolutions_2026.03.04.pdf" 2) Added link to Related Notice 03 March 2026 Related Notice ID: HT003826RFIE001 The Defense Health Agency Contracting Activity (DHACA), on behalf of the Program Executive Office, Defense Healthcare Management Systems (PEO DHMS), intends to issue a solicitation for Deployment Solutions. Deployment Solutions is a non-personal services requirement to provide all services and materials necessary to support and execute the on-demand deployment of DHMS products, and related or supporting components, including site preparation, deployment, training, user adoption, change management, and post-installation support to ensure seamless integration and minimal disruption to existing healthcare systems. This announcement constitutes a draft Request for Proposal (RFP) for industry review and comment and includes the below artifacts. Draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) Draft 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 Draft Exhibit A003 Deployment Approach CDRL Draft Attachment 16, OCI Declaration and Disclosure, Notice of Organizational Conflict of Interest Draft RFP Deployment Solutions Feedback We are not soliciting proposals at this time, and none will be accepted. A separate formal solicitation is expected to be issued at a later date. Instructions for Responding Submit feedback no later than March 11, 2026 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time to the Contract Specialist listed below. Include in the Subject Line the following: Company name and Deployment Solutions. Use the attached workbook “Draft RFP Deployment Solutions Feedback to provide your feedback. Name the workbook as follows “Company name_Deployment Solutions”. For each comment, select the name of the document, provide the page number, relevant section, and paragraph or line number so it is clear what your feedback is referring to. Proprietary information may be submitted; however, respondents are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. If a submission is marked, it will be protected from disclosure outside of Government personnel, unless permission is granted for Government support contractors to view the material. The following companies and individual employees are bound contractually by Organizational Conflict of Interest and disclosure clauses with respect to proprietary information, and they will take all reasonable action necessary to preclude unauthorized use or disclosure of a respondent’s proprietary data. Responses MUST clearly state whether permission is granted allowing the support contractors identified below access to any proprietary information. Boston Consulting Group (BCG) Swing Tide Andrew Morgan Consulting, LLC Greenlight Analytic, LLC Monterey Consultants, INC This notice is for informational and market research purposes only. It does not constitute a formal Request for Proposal (RFP) and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or award a contract. The Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this notice. All information submitted in response to this notice is voluntary, and the Government may or may not use the information to develop its acquisition strategy and final solicitation. Points of Contact: Contracting Officer: Joyce Elaine Pace-Reed, joyce.e.pace-reed.civ@health.mil Contract Specialist: Samantha DeLuca, dha.ncr.co.mbx.cd-dhms-contracting@health.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Samantha DeLuca
  - Email: hailey.s.deluca.civ@health.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Joyce Elaine Pace-Reed
  - Email: joyce.e.pace-reed.civ@health.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Deployment Approach CDRL Draft Attachment 16, OCI Declaration and Disclosure, Notice of Organizational Conflict of Interest Draft RFP Deployment Solutions Feedback We are not soliciting proposals at this time, and none will be accepted. A separate formal solicitation is expected to be issued at a later date. Instructions for Responding Submit feedback no later than March 11, 2026 at 12:00 PM Eastern Time to the Contract Specialist listed below. Include in the Subject Line the following: Company name and Deployment Solutions. Use the attached workbook “Draft RFP Deployment Solutions Feedback to provide your feedback. Name the workbook as follows “Company name_Deployment Solutions”. For each comment, select the name of the document, provide the page number, relevant section, and paragraph or line number so it is clear what your feedback is referring to. Proprietary information may be submitted; however, respondents are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted or competition sensitive information contained in their response. If a submission is marked, it will be protected from disclosure outside of Government personnel, unless permission is granted for Government support contractors to view the material. The following companies and individual employees are bound contractually by Organizational Conflict of Interest and disclosure clauses with respect to proprietary information, and they will take all reasonable action necessary to preclude unauthorized use or disclosure of a respondent’s proprietary data. Responses MUST clearly state whether permission is granted allowing the support contractors identified below access to any proprietary information. Boston Consulting Group (BCG) Swing Tide Andrew Morgan Consulting, LLC Greenlight Analytic, LLC Monterey Consultants, INC This notice is for informational and market research purposes only. It does not constitute a formal Request for Proposal (RFP) and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or award a contract. The Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this notice. All information submitted in response to this notice is voluntary, and the Government may or may not use the information to develop its acquisition strategy and final solicitation. Points of Contact: Contracting Officer: Joyce Elaine Pace-Reed, joyce.e.pace-reed.civ@health.mil Contract Specialist: Samantha DeLuca, dha.ncr.co.mbx.cd-dhms-contracting@health.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d8fd56ff0f0d467ba04bb987b9da30e8/view)