---
layout: default
title: Joint Base Charleston Waste Water Treatment Plant Operation and Maintenance
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: ebf8e80eefbb46b18f47401035599340
---

# Joint Base Charleston Waste Water Treatment Plant Operation and Maintenance

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 07:35:41.101-04
- Solicitation Number: FA441826Q0031

## Summary

Amendment 3 The purpose of this amendment is to: (1) Incorporate Atch-01 WWTP O&M Services PWS dated 12 Mar 2026 to reflect changes made to reduce the number of backflow preventers in use from three (3) to one (1). (2) Incorporate Atch-01 PWS Atttachemnt

8.9 Short Stay WWTP PMI Spreadhseet - Rev 1 to reflect changes made to reduce the number of backflow preventers in use from three (3) to one (1) and add the Effluent Flow Meter as an annual calibration requirement. (3) Incorporate Atch-05 WWTP List of Repairs spreadhseet. (4) Incorporate Atch-06 Questions and Answers document. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. ________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 2 The purpose of this amendment is to: (1) Incorporate an updated Attachment 4 RFQ Pricing Workbook, dated 05 March 2026 to remove security restrictions. (2) Incorporate Atch-01 PWS Attachment 8.8.4. Digital Analyzer US - Field Service Report. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. _________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 1 The purpose of this amendment is to clarify the Government's requirement. (1) Require interested offerors who plan to attend the site vist scheduled for Wednesday, 11 Mar 2026 at 1000 AM EST to contact Madison Nerenberg, Contract Specialist, at (843) 963-5158, email address madison.nerenberg@us.af.mil or Taylor McDaniel, Contracting Officer, at (843) 963-4491, email address taylor.mcdaniel.1@us.af.mil by Friday, 06 March 2026 at 12:00PM EST if they plan to attend. (2) Require questions relating to this acquisition be submitted to the individuals identified in para (viii)(1) no later than Thurday, 12 March 2026 at 1200 PM EST. Answers will be provided to interested vendors no later than Monday, 16 March 2026 at 1200 PM EST. (3) Update the contract specialist POC in para (viii)(1) to Madison Nerenberg (madison.nerenberg@us.af.mil). (4) Incorporate Attachment 2 to add Provisions and Clauses. (5) Incorporate Attachment 4 RFQ Fill-in Sheet for offerors to submit their price. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Combined Synopsis notice ID FA441826Q0031 Joint Base Charleston Waste Water Treatment Plant Operation and Maintenance is issued as a request for quote (RFQ) for Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP) Operation and Maintenance Services. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. This is not a Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) rated acquisition. A site visit will be conducted 1000 AM EST, 11 March 2026. Offerors shall meet the Government Representative at JB CHS Short Stay Recreational Facility, 211 Short Stay Road, Moncks Corner SC. All prospective offerors are urged to attend this site visit and are required to contact Madison Nerenberg, Contract Specialist, at (843) 963-5158, email address madison.nerenberg@us.af.mil or Taylor McDaniel, Contracting Officer, at (843) 963-4491, email address taylor.mcdaniel.1@us.af.mil by Friday, 06 March 2026 at 12:00PM EST if they plan to attend. Special arrangements will be required to gain access to the installation. Offerors are cautioned that Joint Base Charleston has visitor control procedures requiring individuals not affiliated with the installation to obtain a visitor pass prior to entrance. SOME DELAY SHOULD BE ANTICIPATED. Offerors should allow sufficient time to obtain a visitor pass (requiring valid driver's license (REAL ID), social security card, vehicle registration, and proof of insurance). Offerors may submit questions relating to this acquisition to the individual(s) identified in paragraph (viii)(1) below. Questions must be submitted no later than Thursday, 12 March 2026 at 1200 PM EST. Answers will be provided to interested vendors no later than Monday, 16 March 2026 at 1200 PM EST. (ii) For a list of line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure (including option(s), if applicable), see attached RFQ pricing sheet Attachment One. (iii) IAW FAR 12.102, this is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial services. The Government requires a contractor to provide all management, tools, supplies, equipment, transportation, labor, and supervision necessary to perform non-personal Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP) operation and maintenance services. The location of performance is the Joint Base Charleston–Weapon Station (JB CHS-WS) Short Stay Recreational Area, located on Lake Moultrie in Moncks Corner, South Carolina. The scope of this requirement is detailed in the Performance Work Statement (PWS) and includes, but is not limited to, the following key tasks: Operation and maintenance of the WWTP. Operation and maintenance of the Water Distribution System. Operation and maintenance of the Wastewater Collection System. Operation and maintenance of the associated RV Dump Station. This acquisition is for commercial services as defined in FAR 2.101. No specific brand name products are required to fulfill the requirements of the PWS (see 12.102). (iv) Short Stay Recreational Area, located on Lake Moultrie in Moncks Corner, South Carolina serves as the location for place of delivery and acceptance with a Period of Performance to include Base Year and Option Years. This acquisition shall be F.O.B Destination. Acceptance shall take place at Joint Base Charleston–Weapon Station (JB CHS-WS) Short Stay Recreational Area, Moncks Corner, SC. (v) See Attachment 02 for a list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition. (vi) See Attachment 02 for a list of contract clauses that apply to the acquisition. (vii) The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact. Offers are due no later than 20 March 2026 at 12:00 PM EST. Quotes shall be submitted via email to the points of contact listed in section (viii)(1). (viii) (1) Madison Nerenberg, Contract Specialist, madison.nerenberg@us.af.mil Taylor McDaniel, Contracting Officer, taylor.mcdaniel.1@us.af.mil 628th Contracting Squadron 101 E Hill Blvd, Joint Base Charleston, SC 29456 (2) This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-Aside (3) The Product Service Code for this acquisition is S222 (Housekeeping- Sewage and Waste Facilities). The NAICS code for this acquisition is 221320 (Sewage Treatment Facilities). (i) The contractor shall provide all management, tools, supplies, equipment, and supervision necessary to perform WWTP operation and maintenance services as detailed in the attached Performance Work Statement (PWS). This includes 24/7 operation and maintenance of the WWTP, water distribution system, wastewater collection system, and RV dump station to ensure continuous and safe operation in compliance with all Federal, State, and Local regulations, including NPDES Permit SCG570000. (ii) Evaluation Criteria (A) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the government, price and other factors considered. This will be a best-value trade-off source selection process. (B) The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers, listed in descending order of importance: (1) Technical (2) Past Performance (3) Price (C) Technical - Technical capability is evaluated on an Acceptable/Unacceptable basis: To receive a rating of "Acceptable," the offeror's proposal must demonstrate that it meets all minimum requirements. The offeror must provide definitive evidence of successful management and oversight of WWTP operations and maintenance services. Additinoally offerors must demonstrate the offeror employs a WWTP operator possessing a current South Carolina Environmental Certification Board Class B (or higher) WWTP license. Furthermore, the RFQ response must acknowledge and confirm the ability to meet the tiered response timelines for Emergency, Urgent, and Routine service calls for corrective maintenance, and include a complete Mission-Essential Services Plan as required by the PWS. To receive an "Acceptable" rating, the RFQ response must meet all minimum requirements of the RFQ and PWS. An RFQ response that fails to meet any of these minimum requirements will be rated "Unacceptable" and will not be considered for award. (D) Past Performance - Of the offers, having passed the technical evaluation, the government will begin evaluating past performance starting with the lowest priced offeror. Evaluation of the offerors past performance is subjective and will result in a rating of (See table below) Substantial, Satisfactory, Neutral, Limited, or No Confidence. Offerors who do not have recent and relevant past performance relating to this requirement will receive a rating of Neutral Confidence. Rating Description Substantial Confidence Based on the offeror’s recent/relevant performance record, the Government has a high expectation the offeror will successfully perform the requirement. Satisfactory Confidence Based on the offeror’s recent/relevant performance record, the Government has a reasonable expectation the offeror will successfully perform the requirement. Neutral Confidence No recent/relevant performance record is available or the offeror’s performance record is so sparse, no meaningful confidence assessment rating can be reasonably assigned. The offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on the factor of past performance. Limited Confidence Based on the offeror’s recent/relevant performance record, the Government has a low expectation the offeror will successfully perform the requirement. No Confidence Based on the offeror’s recent/relevant performance record, the Government has no expectation the offeror will successfully perform the requirement. The Government will evaluate past performance for recency and relevancy. Recency is defined as performance of similar services within the past three (3) years from the issue date of the solicitation. Relevancy is defined as demonstrated experience in several key areas crucial to the daily operation and maintenance of the facility. This includes direct experience with Small Package Plants, which forms the core of the biological treatment process and is fundamental to ensuring NPDES permit compliance. Experience with Lift Stations is also critical, as they are essential for wastewater conveyance and preventing collection system overflows. Furthermore, demonstrated performance managing Backflow Preventers is vital for the crucial task of protecting the potable water supply from cross-contamination. Finally, being able to sustain Pump and Haul services is important as it demonstrates a capability to manage contingency operations during plant failure or scheduled maintenance, thereby ensuring uninterrupted environmental compliance. Past performance that reflects expertise across these specific areas will be considered most relevant as it demonstrates a comprehensive understanding of the full operational lifecycle required by this PWS. (E) Price - The Government will evaluate offers by adding the total price of CLIN’s for all options to the total price for the basic requirement in order to determine the total quoted price for each offer (Base + 4 option years). Offerors will then be arranged according to price, from lowest priced offer to the highest priced offer. The Government may determine whether an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (F) Trade-off Process: The Government intends to award1 to the offeror that provides the best value. The Technical and Past Performance factors, when combined, are significantly more important than Price. The Government may award a higher-priced offeror if their proposal demonstrates technical superiority or a more relevant past performance record that justifies the additional cost. (5) This acquisition is not subject to the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement (WTO GPA) or any Free Trade Agreements. (6) The Performance Work Statement (PWS) and its attachments, including equipment manuals, system layouts, and the NPDES permit, are provided with this solicitation and must be reviewed to submit a compliant offer. (7) Reserved. (8) All responsible sources may submit a proposal (FAR 15) and will be considered. (9) Reserved. (10) To be eligible for award offerors must provide definitive evidence of successful management and oversight of WWTP operations and maintenance services. Additinoally offerors must demonstrate the offeror employes primary WWTP operator possessing a current South Carolina Environmental Certification Board Class B (or higher) WWTP license.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Taylor K. McDaniel
  - Email: taylor.mcdaniel.1@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Madison Nerenberg
  - Email: madison.nerenberg@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: RFQ Pricing Workbook, dated 05 March 2026 to remove security restrictions. (2) Incorporate Atch-01 PWS Attachment 8.8.4. Digital Analyzer US - Field Service Report. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. _________________________________________________________________________ Amendment 1 The purpose of this amendment is to clarify the Government"s requirement. (1) Require interested offerors who plan to attend the site vist scheduled for Wednesday, 11 Mar 2026 at 1000 AM EST to contact Madison Nerenberg, Contract Specialist, at (843) 963-5158, email address madison.nerenberg@us.af.mil or Taylor McDaniel, Contracting Officer, at (843) 963-4491, email address taylor.mcdaniel.1@us.af.mil by Friday, 06 March 2026 at 12:00PM EST if they plan to attend. (2) Require questions relating to this acquisition be submitted to the individuals identified in para (viii)(1) no later than Thurday, 12 March 2026 at 1200 PM EST. Answers will be provided to interested vendors no later than Monday, 16 March 2026 at 1200 PM EST. (3) Update the contract specialist POC in para (viii)(1) to Madison Nerenberg (madison.nerenberg@us.af.mil). (4) Incorporate Attachment 2 to add Provisions and Clauses. (5) Incorporate Attachment 4 RFQ Fill-in Sheet for offerors to submit their price. All other terms and conditions remain unchanged. _______________________________________________________________________________________________________ (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Combined Synopsis notice ID FA441826Q0031 Joint Base Charleston Waste Water Treatment Plant Operation and Maintenance is issued as a request for quote (RFQ) for Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP) Operation and Maintenance Services. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. This is not a Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) rated acquisition. A site visit will be conducted 1000 AM EST, 11 March 2026. Offerors shall meet the Government Representative at JB CHS Short Stay Recreational Facility, 211 Short Stay Road, Moncks Corner SC. All prospective offerors are urged to attend this site visit and are required to contact Madison Nerenberg, Contract Specialist, at (843) 963-5158, email address madison.nerenberg@us.af.mil or Taylor McDaniel, Contracting Officer, at (843) 963-4491, email address taylor.mcdaniel.1@us.af.mil by Friday, 06 March 2026 at 12:00PM EST if they plan to attend. Special arrangements will be required to gain access to the installation. Offerors are cautioned that Joint Base Charleston has visitor control procedures requiring individuals not affiliated with the installation to obtain a visitor pass prior to entrance. SOME DELAY SHOULD BE ANTICIPATED. Offerors should allow sufficient time to obtain a visitor pass (requiring valid driver"s license (REAL ID), social security card, vehicle registration, and proof of insurance). Offerors may submit questions relating to this acquisition to the individual(s) identified in paragraph (viii)(1) below. Questions must be submitted no later than Thursday, 12 March 2026 at 1200 PM EST. Answers will be provided to interested vendors no later than Monday, 16 March 2026 at 1200 PM EST. (ii) For a list of line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure (including option(s), if applicable), see attached RFQ pricing sheet Attachment One. (iii) IAW FAR 12.102, this is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial services. The Government requires a contractor to provide all management, tools, supplies, equipment, transportation, labor, and supervision necessary to perform non-personal Wastewater Treatment Plant (WWTP) operation and maintenance services. The location of performance is the Joint Base Charleston–Weapon Station (JB CHS-WS) Short Stay Recreational Area, located on Lake Moultrie in Moncks Corner, South Carolina. The scope of this requirement is detailed in the Performance Work Statement (PWS) and includes, but is not limited to, the following key tasks: Operation and maintenance of the WWTP. Operation and maintenance of the Water Distribution System. Operation and maintenance of the Wastewater Collection System. Operation and maintenance of the associated RV Dump Station. This acquisition is for commercial services as defined in FAR 2.101. No specific brand name products are required to fulfill the requirements of the PWS (see 12.102). (iv) Short Stay Recreational Area, located on Lake Moultrie in Moncks Corner, South Carolina serves as the location for place of delivery and acceptance with a Period of Performance to include Base Year and Option Years. This acquisition shall be F.O.B Destination. Acceptance shall take place at Joint Base Charleston–Weapon Station (JB CHS-WS) Short Stay Recreational Area, Moncks Corner, SC. (v) See Attachment 02 for a list of solicitation provisions that apply to the acquisition. (vi) See Attachment 02 for a list of contract clauses that apply to the acquisition. (vii) The date, time, and place for receipt of offer and point of contact. Offers are due no later than 20 March 2026 at 12:00 PM EST. Quotes shall be submitted via email to the points of contact listed in section (viii)(1). (viii) (1) Madison Nerenberg, Contract Specialist, madison.nerenberg@us.af.mil Taylor McDaniel, Contracting Officer, taylor.mcdaniel.1@us.af.mil 628th Contracting Squadron 101 E Hill Blvd, Joint Base Charleston, SC 29456 (2) This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-Aside (3) The Product Service Code for this acquisition is S222 (Housekeeping- Sewage and Waste Facilities). The NAICS code for this acquisition is 221320 (Sewage Treatment Facilities). (i) The contractor shall provide all management, tools, supplies, equipment, and supervision necessary to perform WWTP operation and maintenance services as detailed in the attached Performance Work Statement (PWS). This includes 24/7 operation and maintenance of the WWTP, water distribution system, wastewater collection system, and RV dump station to ensure continuous and safe operation in compliance with all Federal, State, and Local regulations, including NPDES Permit SCG570000. (ii) Evaluation Criteria (A) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the government, price and other factors considered. This will be a best-value trade-off source selection process. (B) The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers, listed in descending order of importance: (1) Technical (2) Past Performance (3) Price (C) Technical - Technical capability is evaluated on an Acceptable/Unacceptable basis: To receive a rating of "Acceptable," the offeror"s proposal must demonstrate that it meets all minimum requirements. The offeror must provide definitive evidence of successful management and oversight of WWTP operations and maintenance services. Additinoally offerors must demonstrate the offeror employs a WWTP operator possessing a current South Carolina Environmental Certification Board Class B (or higher) WWTP license. Furthermore, the RFQ response must acknowledge and confirm the ability to meet the tiered response timelines for Emergency, Urgent, and Routine service calls for corrective maintenance, and include a complete Mission-Essential Services Plan as required by the PWS. To receive an "Acceptable" rating, the RFQ response must meet all minimum requirements of the RFQ and PWS. An RFQ response that fails to meet any of these minimum requirements will be rated "Unacceptable" and will not be considered for award. (D) Past Performance - Of the offers, having passed the technical evaluation, the government will begin evaluating past performance starting with the lowest priced offeror. Evaluation of the offerors past performance is subjective and will result in a rating of (See table below) Substantial, Satisfactory, Neutral, Limited, or No Confidence. Offerors who do not have recent and relevant past performance relating to this requirement will receive a rating of Neutral Confidence. Rating Description Substantial Confidence Based on the offeror’s recent/relevant performance record, the Government has a high expectation the offeror will successfully perform the requirement. Satisfactory Confidence Based on the offeror’s recent/relevant performance record, the Government has a reasonable expectation the offeror will successfully perform the requirement. Neutral Confidence No recent/relevant performance record is available or the offeror’s performance record is so sparse, no meaningful confidence assessment rating can be reasonably assigned. The offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on the factor of past performance. Limited Confidence Based on the offeror’s recent/relevant performance record, the Government has a low expectation the offeror will successfully perform the requirement. No Confidence Based on the offeror’s recent/relevant performance record, the Government has no expectation the offeror will successfully perform the requirement. The Government will evaluate past performance for recency and relevancy. Recency is defined as performance of similar services within the past three (3) years from the issue date of the solicitation. Relevancy is defined as demonstrated experience in several key areas crucial to the daily operation and maintenance of the facility. This includes direct experience with Small Package Plants, which forms the core of the biological treatment process and is fundamental to ensuring NPDES permit compliance. Experience with Lift Stations is also critical, as they are essential for wastewater conveyance and preventing collection system overflows. Furthermore, demonstrated performance managing Backflow Preventers is vital for the crucial task of protecting the potable water supply from cross-contamination. Finally, being able to sustain Pump and Haul services is important as it demonstrates a capability to manage contingency operations during plant failure or scheduled maintenance, thereby ensuring uninterrupted environmental compliance. Past performance that reflects expertise across these specific areas will be considered most relevant as it demonstrates a comprehensive understanding of the full operational lifecycle required by this PWS. (E) Price - The Government will evaluate offers by adding the total price of CLIN’s for all options to the total price for the basic requirement in order to determine the total quoted price for each offer (Base + 4 option years). Offerors will then be arranged according to price, from lowest priced offer to the highest priced offer. The Government may determine whether an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (F) Trade-off Process: The Government intends to award1 to the offeror that provides the best value. The Technical and Past Performance factors, when combined, are significantly more important than Price. The Government may award a higher-priced offeror if their proposal demonstrates technical superiority or a more relevant past performance record that justifies the additional cost. (5) This acquisition is not subject to the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement (WTO GPA) or any Free Trade Agreements. (6) The Performance Work Statement (PWS) and its attachments, including equipment manuals, system layouts, and the NPDES permit, are provided with this solicitation and must be reviewed to submit a compliant offer. (7) Reserved. (8) All responsible sources may submit a proposal (FAR 15) and will be considered. (9) Reserved. (10) To be eligible for award offerors must provide definitive evidence of successful management and oversight of WWTP operations and maintenance services. Additinoally offerors must demonstrate the offeror employes primary WWTP operator possessing a current South Carolina Environmental Certification Board Class B (or higher) WWTP license

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ebf8e80eefbb46b18f47401035599340/view)