# 58--SENSOR SYSTEM, THER

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 04:38:36.834-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010425RXB58

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N774.9|PF1|717-605-1339|DARIAN.M.HOLLEY.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| TIME OF DELIVERY (JUNE 1997)|20||||||||||||||||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT COMBO|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS MECHANICSBURG| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (SEP 2016)|2||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)- BASIC (DEC 2019)|2||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (JAN 2025)|4||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| AUTHORIZED DEVIATIONS IN CLAUSES (NOV 2020)|2||| LIMITATIONS ON PASS-THROUGH CHARGES (JUN 2020)|1|| LIST OF AWARD ATTACHMENTS|5|||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|||||||||||||| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (JAN 2025)|13|334511|1350|X|X|||||||||| REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFIED COST OR PRICING DATA AND DATA OTHER THAN CERTIFIED COST OR PRICING DATA (NOV 2021))|7|||||||| TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984)|1|FIRM FIXED PRICE| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||| OFFER DUE DATE HAS BEEN EXTENDED TO 03/30/2026. OFFER DUE DATE HAS BEEN EXTEND TO 15 DEC 2025 PROPOSAL DUE DATE HAS BEEN EXTENDED TO 17 NOV 2025. OFFER DUE DATE HAS BEEN EXTENDED TO SEPT 30, 2025 OFFER DUE DATE HAS BEEN EXTENDED TO 29 SEPT 2025 OFFER DUE DATE HAS BEEN EXTENDED. 1. SCOPE 1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the SENSOR SYSTEM, THER . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |P |041029|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-1686 | | |C |951025|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The SENSOR SYSTEM, THER furnished under this contract/purchase order shall be the design represented by Cage Code(s) reference number(s). Cage _______ ref. no. ;32865 8605761; 3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-130, REV N, 16 NOV 2012; . 3.3 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable. 3.4 Electrostatic Discharge Control - The Contractor shall comply with the electrostatic discharge control requirements established in MIL-STD-1686. 3.5 Source Control Item - Previous delivery of the specified National Stock Number or similar item manufactured to technical procurement specifications and/or drawings supplied by a Government activity or Price Contractor does not in itself qualify a supplier as a Government approved source. Only those sources for this item previously approved by the Government have been solicited. The time required for approval of a new supplier is normally such that award cannot be delayed pending approval of the new source. If you have not been solicited and you can furnish either (a) proof of your prior approval as a supplier of this item, or (b) data showing you have produced the same or similar items satisfactorily for the Government or a commercial source, or (c) test data indicating your product can meet service operating requirements, or (d) other pertinent data concerning your qualificatin to produce the required item, notify the Procurement Contracting Officer in writing, furnishing said proof of data for evaluation possibly leading to your firm being authorized as an approved source for this procurement or subsequent procurements. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements. 4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material. 4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS. 6.2 Notice To Distributors/Offerors - Consideration for award of contract shall be given only to authorized distributors of the original manufacturer's item represented in this solicitation. If you desire to be considered as a potential source for award of this contract, proof of being an authorized distributor shall be provided on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official and sent with your offer to the Procurement Contracting Officer. 6.3 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161.

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/705e5bc196174a2d9cba9f68d87c8ff6/view