---
layout: default
title: NAWCAD WOLF Electronics Cooling Water (ECW-50)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b6c7113172e14284bf27af2c1b53b458
---

# NAWCAD WOLF Electronics Cooling Water (ECW-50)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-23 10:35:33.954-04
- Solicitation Number: N6833526RFI0509

## Summary

Requirement Name: AN/SPN-50 Shipboard Air Traffic Control Radar Electronics Cooling Water PSC Code: 2930 - Engine Cooling System Components, Nonaircraft NAICS Code: 333998 – All Other Miscellaneous General Purpose Machinery Manufacturing Summary: Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division, Webster Outlying Field, Air Traffic Contract & Landing systems (ATC&LS) Division has a requirement for the fabrication, procurement and delivery of Electronics Cooling Water (ECW-50) system in support of the Navy’s AN/SPN-50 Shipboard Air Traffic Control (ATC) Radar System. Salient Characteristics/Specifications: The ECW-50 must be in compliance with the ECW-50 System Requirement Report, document number 4K7_ECW50_001. The ECW-50 system is a liquid cooling system that will provide chilled liquid to the AN/SPN-50 Shipboard ATC Radar System components that are designed to rely on the liquid cooling to dissipate the large amounts of heat generated by these components. The AN/SPN-50 Shipboard ATC Radar System components that require liquid cooling are the Solid State Transmitter (SSTX), and two (2) Signal Data Units (SDUs). This procurement includes the hardware procurement of the ECW-50. Requested Information from Interested Companies: Section 1 of your response shall provide administrative information as follows: Company name, cage code, mailing address, phone number, and name/e-mail of designated company point of contact. Business type (large business, small business, small disadvantaged business, 8(a)-certified small disadvantaged business, HUB Zone small business, woman-owned small business, very small business, veteran-owned small business, service-disabled veteran-owned small business, non-traditional defense contractor). Section 2 of your response shall provide capability information as follows: Interested parties shall respond with existing capabilities or products that meet all of the Salient Characteristics/Specifications. Reponses that include alternative solutions is encouraged. Respondents shall include product specifications with submission. If you are an interested vendor please identify the following information: Whether your capability is considered commercial, modified-commercial or non-commercial? Whether you are the original equipment manufacturer, authorized manufacturer or authorized distributor of the capability. If you are the original equipment manufacturer, advise whether you have authorized manufacturers and/or authorized distributors of the capability If you are an authorized manufacturer and/or authorized distributor of the capability, identify who original equipment manufacturer along with provide proof that you are an authorized manufacturer and/or authorized distributor from the original equipment manufacturer. Government Disclaimer THIS IS A RFI/SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. The Government is seeking industry input/sources sought to assist in identifying capabilities that fully meet the requirements described above. The Government will not be responsible for any costs incurred by interested parties responding to this RFI/Sources Sought notice. This RFI/Sources Sought notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this request or to otherwise pay for the information solicited. No proprietary information shall be submitted in response to this RFI/Sources Sought notice. Should an interested vendor require submitting proprietary information in order to adequately respond to the RFI/Sources Sought notice, please reach out to the Government individual identified in this posting before submission and provide any specific handling instructions. The Government will not be liable for or suffer any consequential damages for any proprietary information submitted. Responses to this RFI/Sources Sought notice may not be returned. Respondents will not be notified of the result of reviewing information submitted. Failure to respond to this RFI/Sources Sought notice does not preclude participation in any future associated solicitation that may be issued resulting from this RFI/Sources Sought notice. How to Respond Interested parties shall respond within five (5) business days after release of this RFI/Sources Sought notice. Please submit your response to this RFI/Sources Sought notice (not to exceed ten (10) pages) via e-mail to Lauren Clemmens at lauren.a.clemmens.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Lauren Clemmens
  - Email: lauren.a.clemmens.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b6c7113172e14284bf27af2c1b53b458/view)