---
layout: default
title: P-8A MFDAU PCMCIA Card Elimination Demonstration and AirFASE Software
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 0209998a07c34ea189230698ee30fa11
---

# P-8A MFDAU PCMCIA Card Elimination Demonstration and AirFASE Software

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-11 07:12:25.027-04
- Solicitation Number: N00019-25-RFPREQ-APM290-0216(2)

## Summary

P-8A MFDAU PCMCIA Card Elimination Demonstration and AirFASE Software Notice Type: Sources Sought Agency / Office: Naval Air Systems Command Location: NAVAIR HQ, 47123 Buse Road, Bldg 2272 Patuxent River, MD 20670 United States Primary Point of Contact: Ronald Hickman, Procuring Contracting Officer, ronald.a.hickman.civ@us.navy.mil Secondary Point of Contact: Samantha Ragan, Contract Specialist, Samantha.J.Ragan.civ@us.navy.mil Allow Vendors To Add/Remove From Interested Vendors: No Allow Vendors To View Interested Vendors List: No Recovery and Reinvestment Act Action: No PSC: 1680 NAICS: 334511 Solicitation Number: N00019-25-RFPREQ-APM290-0216 THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. INTRODUCTION: The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR), Program Executive Office (PEO) Assault (A), Maritime Patrol and Reconnaissance Aircraft Program Office (PMA-290) is seeking information from industry on the capability of designing, developing, testing and manufacturing a system to augment the current P-8A Multi-Functional Data Acquisition Unit (MFDAU) for the P-8A platform. The MFDAU captures and records raw P-8A flight data that is download via Personal Computer Memory Card International Association (PCMCIA) cards. PCMCIA cards have become obsolete, so NAVAIR requires a system that can be seamlessly integrated into the MFDAU that provides an alternate route for storing flight data for ground station use. In addition, the system must allow for expanded aircraft data recording capability via the Aeronautical Radio Incorporated (ARINC) 429 and MIL-STD-1553 data buses. A method for decoding and displaying this data for off-aircraft analysis is also required. Teledyne’s AirFASE software is the current product used for this purpose, requiring licensure per license occurrence. Ability for a Microsoft Windows application for small data sets and a cloud implementation for enterprise-level datasets are sought. The requested information is to assist the Government in conducting market research to determine potential business sources that have the assets, skills, experience, financial stability, qualifications, and knowledge required to support the above request. Include a statement regarding industrial security clearance. This Sources Sought is not, however, a request for inquiries concerning subcontracting opportunities. Teledyne is the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) of the P-8A MFDAU system. The system was commercially designed and developed, so the Government does not have any technical data rights for this system. NAVAIR plans to procure one (1) system to augment MFDAU data storage. Data decoding/analysis software licenses are up to 10 individual application use licenses and 200 cloud. Delivery is anticipated to be FY26. SUBMISSION DETAILS: Interested persons may submit a Capability Statement identifying their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals. Only Capability Statements received on or before 15 calendar days after the posting date of this Notice will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract action based upon responses to this Notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Capability Statements received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Capability Statements submitted should be pertinent and specific in the technical/management/business area under consideration, on each of the following qualifications. Small/Large Business Status: A company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office location(s), DUNS Number, CAGE Code, and a statement regarding current small/large business status. Technical Data Documentation: Since Teledyne is the OEM of the MFDAU and AirFASE software, and the Government does not possess sufficient technical data that a Contractor would require in order for that Contractor to fulfill the planned requirements, each interested party (other than Teledyne) must include either (1) a teaming agreement (or equivalent document) signed by Teledyne indicating that Teledyne agrees to partner with or be a subcontractor to the interested party for the contemplated procurement; or (2) a document (e.g., purchase order) indicating the interested party’s ability to secure authorized access to the necessary technical data from Teledyne. Execution: A description of the approach for delivering a flight ready system within 30 days after a planned 2026 contract award. If a small business, provide a description of the plan for ensuring that the small business performs at least 50% of the work itself in terms of cost of performance. Experience: A description of previous (awarded within last 3 years) or current relevant contracts. Personnel: Name, professional qualifications and specific experience of key personnel (e.g., program manager(s), project manager(s), technical lead(s), etc. Facilities: Availability and description of facilities and equipment that will be utilized to meet requirements. Security: A description of facility and personnel security regarding the handling and storage of classified information and hardware. The information submitted should address feasibility of performing the following task for integration of a system into the MFDAU that provides an alternate route for storing flight data for ground station use: Description of the Contractor's approach in the design, development, and test of software and ancillary hardware necessary to support P-8A MFDAU integration. Any other specific and pertinent information as pertains to this particular area of procurement that would enhance our consideration and evaluation of the Capability Statement. Interested parties are advised against submitting a Capability Statement that merely mimics information in this Notice, provides brochure-like information, or provides general information. Responses to this Notice are not to exceed 20 pages in length on 8.5 x 11-inch paper with one inch margins and font no smaller than 10 point Times New Roman. The Government requests that respondents deliver responses electronically via e-mail in Microsoft Word or PDF format with proper data markings for unclassified and proprietary information not later than 15 calendar days after the posting date of this Notice. Classified material SHALL NOT be submitted. All submissions shall include this Sources Sought Notice Reference Number, company name, company address, CAGE code, DUNS number, and a point-of-contact who is able to discuss the Capability Statement submitted. Point-of-contact information shall include name, position, phone number, and email address. Acknowledgement of receipt will be provided. All information submitted will be adequately safeguarded from unauthorized disclosure in accordance with FAR 15.207. All submissions must be clearly marked with the following caption: For Official Use Only, Releasable to Government Agencies for Evaluation Purposes Only. Responses that fail to comply with the above instructions or present ideas not pertinent to subject, may not be reviewed. All information received in response to this Notice that is marked proprietary will be handled accordingly. Information submitted in response to this Notice is submitted at no cost to the Government and will not be returned. The Government is under no obligation to provide responses or comments to information received from interested persons but may request additional information following review. Note: If the interested person is a foreign concern or if a U.S. interested person has a team member or partner who is a foreign entity, adherence to all International Traffic and Arms Regulations (ITAR) is required. This capability statement package shall be sent by e-mail to Samantha Ragan at samantha.j.ragan.civ@us.navy.mil and Ronald Hickman at ronald.a.hickman.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Samantha Ragan
  - Email: samantha.j.ragan.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Ronald A Hickman
  - Email: ronald.a.hickman.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0209998a07c34ea189230698ee30fa11/view)