---
layout: default
title: Radar Operations and Maintenance Facility
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 036bc475d46d4f3dbc4a564e54295149
---

# Radar Operations and Maintenance Facility

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-10 18:37:01.767-04
- Solicitation Number: W912PL26S0018

## Summary

Description: This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE for information only. Replies by interested parties will be used by this agency for preliminary planning purposes. No proposal or contract will be awarded from this notice. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this notice or any follow up information requests. Items below subject to change. The U. S. Army Corps of Engineers has been tasked to solicit and award a firm fixed price contract to construct (DBB) a Radar Operations and Maintenance Facility at YPG Project Scope: Design an 7,800-SF Radar Operations and Maintenance Facility with: -Maintenance bays to support larger Long-Range Radar and other slightly smaller radar tracking systems within three or four bays to include a 10-ton crane that traverses the maintenance bay -Approximately 20-Ton split system heat pump for maintenance bays and 5-Ton split system heat pump for other support areas Minimum Capabilities Required Include the Following: Work includes construction and installation of: reinforced concrete foundations, concrete floor slab, structural steel frame, concrete masonry units, insulated metal panel systems, and a combination single ply membrane/standing seam metal low slope roof, utilities; communications support; electrical systems; heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems (HVAC); fire detection and protection features; security enhancements and other supporting work necessary to make a complete and useable facility. The type of set-aside, either small business or among the socioeconomic categories, if any, will depend upon the responses to this sources sought notice. The purpose of this notice is to gain knowledge of the experience and capabilities of both small and large business concerns in the construction industry, in performing similar projects in magnitude and complexity of this requirement. The Government is seeking to identify qualified sources either singularly or as part of an assembled team under North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction, which has a small business size standard of $45,000,000.00. In accordance with the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS), 236.204, the estimated construction price range for this project is between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. The total contract performance period is anticipated to be 52 weeks. In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting, small business prime contractors will not pay more than 85 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor's 85 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Minimum capabilities required, include previous experience of projects similar in magnitude and complexity. Interested sources shall submit a capability statement demonstrating their ability to perform the work as described above. Responses should include the following information, which shall not exceed a total of six pages. Offerors name, address, point of contact, with telephone numbers, and email addresses. Business size/classification, to include any designations as a Small Business, HUBZone, Service Disabled, Veteran Owned, Women-Owned, Disadvantaged Small Business, 8(a), in addition to others, and NAICS code designations. Bonding capability (construction bonding level per single contract and aggregate construction bonding level, both expressed in dollars; along with current available bonding capacity). Past experience on individual projects of similar scope and magnitude, as described above in the project scope, and describing no more than three (3) projects that are complete or at least 50% construction complete and within the past six (6) years. Response MUST demonstrate experience in new construction (not repair or renovation), AT/FP requirements. Vertical construction project examples MUST have a construction value greater than $4,000,000 and have occurred on a military installation (Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corp) within the continental United States or Allied Military installation built to US codes and standard and under a US Government Contracting Agency. The projects should be similar in nature to what is described above in the Project Scope. The project title, location, general description to demonstrate relevance to the proposed project, the Offerors’ role, dollar value of contract, type of contract (design-build or design bid build), and name of the company, agency, or Government entity for which the work was performed with contact information (reference name, phone number and e-mail address) should be included for each project. VERY IMPORTANT: work scopes self-performed vs subcontracted and percentage of self-performed vs subcontracted). If past performance was as a JV, indicate which scopes was performed by which JV member If submitting as a JV, please include information about the JV (mentor-protégé agreement, JV agreement, etc) Submittals will not be returned. This is not a Request for Proposals, only a Request for Information. No award will result from this Sources Sought Notice. This notice does not constitute any commitment by the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Roger Minami
  - Email: kinya.r.minami@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/036bc475d46d4f3dbc4a564e54295149/view)