---
layout: default
title: SOLID STATE DRIVES
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 2c10fd239ff142ec8bce1d35116de882
---

# SOLID STATE DRIVES

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 09:18:25.104-04
- Solicitation Number: N660426Q0228

## Summary

PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE NOTICE CAREFULLY AS IT CONSTITUES THE ONLY NOTICE THAT WILL BE ISSUED. This is a combined synopsis and solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6-Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Request for Quote (RFQ) number is N6660426Q0228. The Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division, Newport (NUWCDIVNPT) intends to award a single Firm Fixed price order for Micron Solid State Drive identified below in the CLIN structure below on a Brand Name basis to include shipping FOB Destination to Newport, RI 02841 within 10 days of award: CLIN 0001 Micron 5400 PRO 3.84TB SATA600 2.5” 7mm Part No. MTFDDAK3T8TGA-1BC1ZABYYR Qty 50 *This requirement must be in stock and ready to ship. Quote/Pricing must be valid for 20 days. This procurement is unrestricted as concurred with by the NUWCDIVNPT Office of Small Business Program (OSBP). The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this acquisition is 334112; the Small Business Size Standard is 1,250 employees. F.O.B. Destination, Naval Station Newport, RI 02841. Offerors shall provide the delivery lead time within the quote. Incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the current Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC). Full text of incorporated FAR/DFARS clauses and provisions may be accessed electronically at https:// acquisition.gov/far and https://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfarspgi/current/index.html. The following provisions and clauses apply reference to this RFQ: ? FAR 52.209?11, Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or Felony under any Federal Law; ? FAR 52.212?1, Instructions to Offerors??Commercial Item; ? FAR 52.212?3 ALT I, Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Items – Alternate I; ? FAR 52.212?4, Contract Terms and Conditions??Commercial Items; and ? FAR 52.212?5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders? Commercial Items. The additional following FAR clauses cited in 52.212?5 are applicable to the acquisition: ?? 52.204?10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First?Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) (Pub. L. 109?282); ?? 52.219?28, Post Award Small Business Program Representation (Sep 2021) (15 U.S.C. 657f); ?? 52.222?3, Convict Labor (June 2003); ?? 52.222?21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities: (Apr 2015); ?? 52.222?26, Equal Opportunity (Sep 2016) (E.O.11246); ?? 52.222?36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793); ?? 52.222?50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Oct 2020) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627): ?? 52.223?18, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging while Driving (Jun 2020) (E.O. 13513); and ?? 52.225?13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). The following DFARS provisions and clauses apply to this solicitation: ? 252.204?7008, Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls; ? 252.204?7009, Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third?Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information; ? 252.204?7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting; ? 252.204?7015, Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support; ? 252.204?7018, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services -252.204-7019 Notice of NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements -252.204-7020 NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements -252.225-7048 Export-Controlled Items -252.246-7008 Sources of Electronic Parts -252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea Additional terms and conditions: In accordance with DFARS Clause 252.211?7003, the contractor shall provide a Unique Item Identifier (UID) for all delivered items for which the Government’s unit acquisition cost is $5,000.00 or more. Preferred method of payment is Government Purchase Card however if an additional fee is added Payment will be via Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). In order to be determined technically acceptable the offeror shall: Quote the Brand Name specified in their required quantities. The offeror shall submit detailed specs with quote; Provide proof of Brand Name original equipment manufacturer (OEM) authorized reseller status. Status will be verified by the Government prior to award. NOTE: Items shall be sourced directly from the OEM and/or OEM authorized channels only. Grey market items are unacceptable. Active registration with the System for Award Management (SAM) is required prior to award, pursuant to applicable regulations and guidelines. Registration information can be found at https://www.sam.gov/. Instructions for registration are available at the website. It is requested that Offerors include the signed representation of FAR 52.204?24 with its quote if not already provided in SAM under 52.204?26 ? Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services?Representation (Oct 2020). Quotes and all attachments shall be readable by Microsoft Office or Adobe Acrobat. Offerors shall include item prices, shipping costs, delivery terms, and the following additional information with the submissions: point of contact (including phone number and email address), Offeror CAGE code, Offeror DUNS number, and shall include a validity date of no less than 60 days from due date for receipt of offerors. Offerors shall be advised that if after award the items delivered are determined not to be in new condition and/or are determined to be delivered from outside the US, the Government has the right to terminate for cause with the Contractor liable to the Government for any and all rights and remedies provided by the law including excess re-procurement costs. Offers must be received no later than 11:00 a.m. (EST) on Friday, 20 March 2026 at 8:00 p.m. est. Offers received after this date and time may not be considered for award. For information on this acquisition, contact Jennifer Vatousiou at jennifer.m.vatousiou.civ@us.navy.mil. Please provide Cage Code or Unique Entity ID on quotes or within email as information will be pulled on Saturday, 21 March 2026. BRAND NAME SPECIFICATION: Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division, Newport, Code 2514 has a requirement for fleet installation and On-Board Repair Parts (OBRP) support for hard drives in the Combat System. These drives will be used in the fleet as spares, casualty reports (CASREPs) and installation needs. The drives main purpose are to aid with posture transitions and rebuilds – in this case, we specifically require 50 drives to support an urgent software redelivery in April 2026. These drives are used on TI-14 through TI-24 platforms. Each posture transition, or rebuilt server, requires the platform to put their Solid-State Drive (SSD) in "write" and posture to whatever posture they are at. These drives are brand name specific because they are the only drives approved for use in existing systems, having passed Technical Insertion development states and no other solid state drive was approved for use. The Micron brand material was shock tested in the cabinets and is therefore the only 3.8TB Solid State Drive (SSD) that is approved for use in the PMS 425 Combat System. It is crucial to procure these units in accordance with the overall submarine baseline requirements. These brands are fielded throughout submarine platform variants and there are no substitutes available that could fill this shipboard requirement. The design, development and environmental qualification efforts associated with an alternate would be in excess of 100 thousand dollars, which is cost prohibitive for the overall program. Furthermore, the requalification process could take anywhere from a month to a year which would result in delays to scheduled installs, therefore being detrimental to the overall program. Based on the above, it is not reasonable to conclude the potential savings from competition can offset the significant duplicative cost and schedule and mission impact associated with purchasing a new brand name product. Therefore, it is in the best interest of the Government to solicit and award this requirement on a brand name only basis.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Vatousiou
  - Email: jennifer.m.vatousiou.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 4018325265

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2c10fd239ff142ec8bce1d35116de882/view)