---
layout: default
title: Z1DA--586-26-104 Tuckpointing & Remove Incinerator - R&E Facility
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 2f66aeba027d45f39b08168e1449cbfc
---

# Z1DA--586-26-104 Tuckpointing & Remove Incinerator - R&E Facility

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 13:11:14.687-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0539
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 6 Page 1 of Released pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 10: Market Research, this is a Request for Information. Purpose: G.V. (Sonny) Montgomery Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Jackson, MS | 586-26-104 | Tuckpointing and Remove Incinerator In an effort to enhance opportunities for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB) as required by Public Law 109-461, specifically the Veterans First Contracting Program, NCO16 is performing preliminary market research to identify interested, qualified, capable, SDVOSB and Veteran Owned Small Businesses (VOSB) firms possessing the capacity necessary to compete for a VHA procurement opportunity. Results of the preliminary market research will be used to determine the potential future solicitation s set-aside requirement. This source sought notice is issued solely for informational, market research, and planning purposes. It does not constitute an Invitation for Bid (IFB), Request for Quote (RFQ), Request for Proposal, or a promise to issue a subsequent RFQ/IFB/RFP. Currently, no solicitation document exists. Issuance of this notice does not establish any obligation on the part of the Government and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government, implied or otherwise, to issue a solicitation or award a contract. In addition, respondents are advised that the United States Government is under no obligation to pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this notice. At this time, proprietary information is not being requested. Respondents shall refrain from including proprietary information in responses to this notice. The Department of Veterans Affairs anticipates awarding a one-time, Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) single award contract. Please provide a positive statement of your company s interest based on an abbreviated scope of work description. Abbreviated Scope of Work: A. Removal of Old Incinerator and Exhaust Piping The primary objective for this portion of the overall project is to safely and efficiently remove the old incinerator and associate exhaust Piping and brackets attached to the Research and Education Building. The removal process must adhere to all relevant health, safety, and environmental regulations to ensure the safety of hospital staff, patients, contractor s employees, and the surrounding environment. The project involves the complete removal of the old incinerator unit and all its associated exhaust piping from the Research and Education building. This includes disconnecting, dismantling, and disposal of the incinerator and piping, as well as any subsequent restoration work needed to make the space clean and safe. B. Exterior Brick Tuckpointing on the Research and Education Building (21,500 SF) This element of work will include exterior brick tuckpointing of the Research and Education Building which is a 5-story facility on the North side of the VA Hospital complex. The primary objective of this work is to perform exterior brick tuckpointing to restore the integrity and appearance of the building façade, prevent water infiltration, and ensure the longevity of the structure. Exterior brick tuckpointing will be carried out on all sides of the 5-story research and education building. Work includes removing deteriorated mortar joints and replacing them with new mortar that matches the existing mortar in composition, color, texture, and profile. This process will help to ensure the building is properly sealed against weather conditions and maintain its structural stability. Disclosure of the magnitude of the Construction Project: Between $500,000.00 and $1,000,000.00 Requested Information: 1. Please identify your firm s small business category. If your firm is either SDVOSB or VOSB, please state whether you are currently certified by the Department of Veterans Affairs Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE) based upon North American Industry Classification System code (NAICS) 561210 Facilities Support Services. Current SBA size standard for NAICS 561210 is $47.0M. Offerors shall be registered at Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) with the SBA and in System for Award Management (SAM) database at www.sam.gov and have completed online Representations and Certifications. Offerors shall be registered with the NAICS code assigned to this acquisition. 2. Please provide a capability statement. Describe your firm s in-house capability to accomplish the summarized project scope/goal; how your firm intends to meet the 15% self-performance requirement per PL109-461; and confirmation that your firm can obtain performance and payment bonds for this project. 3. Please state your firm's name, address, UEI and CAGE number, and primary point of contact, including telephone number(s) and email address. 4. Please provide the following information for your three most relative, recent projects within the past five (5) years of similar size, scope and complexity as the work indicated: (a) Contracting agency address and contracting officer s name, email address, and telephone number. (b) Contract number, date, amount of award, and date of completion. (c) Was your company the prime or a subcontractor? If performance was as a subcontractor, please provide the prime company s business name, address, email address, and telephone number, as well as the name, email address and telephone number of a specific contact person. (d) Describe items/services provided under the contract. (e) Please state if there were any performance issues under the contract resulting in the issuance of a Cure Notice or Show Cause Notice by the Contracting Officer. Response Submission: Please submit your information via email to Julius Jones, Contract Specialist, at Julius.Jones@va.gov, by the closing date and time listed on this announcement. Please limit your response to three (3) pages and include the following as the subject line of your email: 586-26-104 | Tuckpointing and Remove Incinerator | Sources Sought | Your Firm s Name. Please do not include advertising or promotional materials. DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Julius Jones
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Julius.Jones@va.gov
  - Phone: 501-257-1044

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2f66aeba027d45f39b08168e1449cbfc/view)