---
layout: default
title: 59--RECTIFIER,SEMICONDU
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: ebad6991c20d41dd9381a0f3b61b7132
---

# 59--RECTIFIER,SEMICONDU

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 04:03:52.684-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010425RYL05

## Summary

NSN 7H-5961-015566866, TDP VER 002, REF NR 600-42100-3, QTY 40 EA, DELIVERY FOB ORIGIN. 1. THIS REQUIREMENT IS FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF QTY 40 EA RECTIFIER,SEMICONDU, NSN 7HH 5961 015566866, P/N 600-42100-3 IAW THE IRPOD/TDP. THE REQUIRED DELIVERY IS 180 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF CONTRACT. 2. THE SOLICITATION NUMBER IS N00104-25-R-YL05. TO OBTAIN A COPY OF THE SOLICITATION, CONACT THE CONTRACT SPECIALIST LISTED BELOW AND PROVIDE YOUR CAGE CODE. TAYLOR FASCHING, EMAIL: TAYLOR.M.FASCHING.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL3. ALL RESPONSIBLE SOURCES MAY SUBMIT A PROPOSAL WHICH SHALL BE CONSIDERED IF IT IS SUBMITTED WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE SOLICITATION. 4. IN ORDER FOR YOUR OFFER TO BE CONSIDERED, YOU MUST SUBMIT THE ENTIRE RFP COMPLETED AND SIGNED, PRIOR TO THE CLOSING DATE/TIME LISTED ON THE RFP. 5. NECO OFFERS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. 6. GOVERNMENT SOURCE INSPECTION IS REQUIRED. 7. TECHNICAL DOCUMENTS ASSOCIATED WITH THIS SOLICITATION, SUCH AS DRAWINGS, INDIVIDUAL REPAIR PART ORDERING DATA (IRPOD), STRS, AND OTHER PROCUREMENT RELATED DOCUMENTS MAY BE OBTAINED AT: HTTPS://LOGISTICS.UNNPP.GOV THIS WEBSITE REQUIRES A PASSWORD AND PRE-REGISTRATION. PLEASE CONTACT THE E-COMMERCE HELP DESK AT 518-395-4357 TO REGISTER OR FOR HELP LOGGING INTO THE WEBSITE. A HARD COPY OF THE IRPOD AND/OR DRAWINGS WILL NOT BE MAILED TO YOU. 8. INTERESTED PARTIES MAY OBTAIN COPIES OF MILITARY AND FEDERAL SPECIFICATIONS AND STANDARDS, QUALIFIED PRODUCTS LISTS (QPLs), QUALIFIED PRODUCT DATABASES (QPDs), MILITARY HANDBOOKS, AND OTHER STANDARDIZED DOCUMENTS FROM THE DOD SINGLE STOCK POINT (DODSSP) AT DOCUMENT AUTOMATION AND PRODUCTION SERVICE (DAPS) IN PHILADALPHIA, PA. NOTE: PATTERN, DRAWINGS, DEVIATION LISTS, PURCHASE DESCRIPTIONS, ETC. ARE NOT STOCKED AT DODSSP. MOST DOCUMENTS ARE AVAILABLE IN ADOBLE PDF FORMAT FROM ASSIST-ONLINE AT: HTTP://ASSIST.DLA.MIL/ONLINE/START/ DOCUMENTS NOT AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOADING FROM ASSIST CAN BE ORDERED FROM DODSSP USING THE ASSIST SHOPPING WIZARD, AFTER ESTABLISHING A DODSSP CUSTOMER ACCOUNT BY FOLLOWING THE RESIGRATION PROCEDURES OR BY PHONING THE DODSSP SPECIAL ASSISTANCE DESK AT 215-737-8000. USERS NOT HAVING ACCESS TO THE INTERNET MAY CONTACT THE DODSSP SPECIAL ASSISTANCE DESK AT 215-737-8000. 9. ONE OR MORE ITEMS UNDER THIS ACQUISITION MAY BE SUBJECT TO AN AGREEMENT ON GOVERNMENT PROCUREMENT APPROVED AND IMPLEMENTED IN THE UNITED SPATES BY THE TRADE AGREEMENTS ACT OF 1979. ALL OFFERS SHALL BE IN THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE AND IN U.S. DOLLARS. ALL INTERESTED SUPPLIERS MAY SUBMIT AN OFFER. 10. THE PROPOSED CONTRACT ACTION IS FOR SUPPLIES OR SERVICES FOR WHICH THE GOVERNMENT INTENDS TO SOLICIT AND NEGOTIATE WITH ONLY ONE SOURCE UNDER THE AUTHORITY OF FAR 6.302. INTERESTED PERSONS MAY IDENTIFY THEIR INTEREST AND CAPABILITY TO RESPOND TO THE REQUIREMENT OR SUBMIT PROPOSALS. THIS NOTICE OF INTENT IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE PROPOSALS. HOWEVER, ALL PROPOSALS RECEIVED WITHIN FORTY-FIVE DAYS (THIRTY DAYS IF AWARD IS ISSUED UNDER AN EXISTING BASIC ORDERING AGREEMENT) AFTER DATE OF PUBLICATION OF THIS SYNOPSIS WILL BE CONSIDERED BY THE GOVERNMENT. A DETERMINATION BY THE GOVERNMENT NOT TO COMPETE WITH THIS PROPOSED CONTRACT BASED UPON RESPONSES TO THIS NOTICE IS SOLELY WITHIN THE DISCRETION OF THE GOVERNMENT. INFORMATION RECEIVED WILL NORMALLY BE CONSIDERED SOLELY FOR THE PURPOSE OF DETERMINING WHETHER TO CONDUCT A COMPETITIVE PROCUREMENT. 11. BASED UPON MARKET RESEARCH, THE GOVERNMENT IS NOT USING THE POLICIES CONTAINED IN FAR PART 12, ACQUISITION OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS, IN ITS SOLICITATION FOR THE DESCRIBED SUPPLIES OR SERVICES. The Government does not own the data or the rights to the data needed to purchase / contract repair of this part from additional sources. It has been determined to be uneconomical to buy the data or rights to the data. It is uneconomical to reverse engineer the part. ALL FIRMS SHOULD INCLUDE THEIR CAGE CODE ON SOLICITATION REQUESTS. Interested parties may obtain copies of Military and Federal Specifications and Standards, Qualified Products Lists (QPLs), Qualified Product Databases (QPDs), Military Handbooks, and other standardized documents from the DoD Single Stock Point (DODSSP) at Document Automation and Production Service (DAPS) in Philadelphia, PA. NOTE: Patterns, Drawings, Deviation Lists, Purchase Descriptions, etc. are NOT stocked at DODSSP. Most documents are available in Adobe PDF format from ASSIST-Online at: http://quicksearch.dla.mil/. Users may use ASSIST-Quick Search to search for and download available documents directly using standard browser software. Documents that are not available for downloading from ASSIST-Quick Search can be ordered from the DODSSP website using the ASSIST Shopping Wizard after obtaining a DODSSP Customer Account by following the registration procedures. Users who do not have access to the internet may contact the DODSSP ASSIST Help Desk at 215-697-2667 or 215-697-2179(DSN: 442-2667), or mail their requestDLA Document Services, Bldg. 4/D, 700 Robbins Avenue, Philadelphia PA 19111-5094. The proposed contract action is for supplies or services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 6.302-1. All responsible sources may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals, quotations or capability statements. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all proposals received within 45 days (30 days if award is issued under an existing Basic Ordering Agreement (BOA) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. Award will be made only if the offeror, the product/service, or the manufacturer meets the qualification requirement(s) at time of award, in accordance with FAR clause 52.209-1. The solicitation identifies the office where additional information can be obtained concerning qualification requirements and is cited in each individual solicitation. One or more of the items under this acquisition is subject to: Free Trade Agreements, if DFARS clause 252.225-7036 Buy American Act--Free Trade Agreements--Balance of Payments Program, is included in the solicitation. The World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement and Free Trade Agreements, if DFARS clause 252.225-7021 Trade Agreements, is included in the solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: TAYLOR M. FASCHING, N741.9, PHONE (717)605-4323, EMAIL TAYLOR.M.FASCHING.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL
  - Email: TAYLOR.M.FASCHING.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ebad6991c20d41dd9381a0f3b61b7132/view