---
layout: default
title: Base Alarm Services - Los Angeles Air Force Base
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 8cbcbdb4f85640538339c4295070dea0
---

# Base Alarm Services - Los Angeles Air Force Base

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 11:19:00.849-04
- Solicitation Number: FA2816Q0002

## Summary

The Los Angeles Air Force Base, Security Forces Squadron has a requirement for Base Alarm Support Services. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with FAR part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation Number FA2816Q0002 is issued as a “Request for Quote”. The Government proposes the acquisition of a Firm-Fixed Priced (FFP) contract to support the Los Angeles Air Force Base (LAAFB) Security Forces Squadron's Base Alarm requirement. This Base Alarm requirement will provide a service to perform maintenance and repair on the current bases alarm system and CCTV system at the LAAFB. This will include cleaning, scheduling, repairing, planning and/or replacement of base alarm, access control readers, workstations and various types of surveillance equipment to ensure Air Force requirements are met. Additionally, contractor shall maintain the VPN which currently is part of the base network backbone, this requires network troubleshooting experience, testing and evaluating the current condition or state of the VPN, the ability to utilize network test equipment for measuring voltages and frequencies on the network. The service will also require a good degree of network experience on IP configurations for surveillance equipment and alarm system components. This includes Fiber, Network switches (CISCO), Network video recorders, media converts, and LPR technology. It also includes the ability to utilize network software to identify network anomalies and/or issues, the ability to correct the issue either by means of software or replacement of equipment, and the ability to maintain certifications for proprietary software and/or equipment. This acquisition is 100% set-aside small business concerns. The NAICS Code is 561621, Security System Services (except Locksmiths) and the Size Standard is $25M. The Product Service Code is 6350. Line Items, Quantities, Units of Measure, and Options All line-item information can be found in the FA2816Q0002 - Base Alarm Services - 1449 attachment. Place of Performance: Los Angeles Air Force Base 483 N. Aviation Blvd. El Segundo, CA 90245-2808 United States and all other locations mentioned in the Performance Work Statement below. Provisions & Clauses: Provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. Please ensure that the quote includes the following and will not exceed 10 pages (any pages beyond the 10th will not be evaluated): - Company Profile - Capabilities/ Relevant Experience - Past Performance - Contact information - Small Business Type - NAICS Code - CAGE Code - UEI Code - Completed Pricing Spreadsheet that follows the attached template (CLIN structure must match the attachment). Price only for CLIN X001, as CLIN X002 is only for parts. Submit quotes in two formats. One unredacted displaying all information. The other must be a redacted version not displaying any company identification/logos/UEI/Cage Codes. (Incomplete quotations may be determined ineligible for award) - Please see attached line-item numbers, quantities, options, and unit of measure. Provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services applies to this acquisition and the specific evaluation criteria is included in paragraph (a). The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor 1 – Technical Capability Rating Method: Acceptable / Unacceptable. The Government will evaluate the offerors' capabilities, relevant experience in Base Alarm Services and any other service descriptions detailed in the PWS. The Contractor must meet all certifications requirements laid out int he PWS in order to be deemed technically acceptable. Only quotations rated Acceptable will be eligible for award. Factor 2 – Past Performance Past performance will be evaluated on the criteria below for relevance and quality: Substantial Confidence – Based on recent and relevant performance record, the Government has a high expectation that the quoter will successfully perform the required effort. Satisfactory Confidence – The Government has a reasonable expectation of successful performance. Limited Confidence – The Government has a low expectation of successful performance. No Confidence – The Government has no expectation of successful performance. Neutral – No relevant past performance record is available; the quoter will not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably. The Government will evaluate relevant past performance information, which may include references and other reasonable sources. Factor 3 – Price Evaluation Method: Reasonableness Pricing will be evaluated completeness and reasonableness Unbalanced or incomplete pricing may render a quotation ineligible for award. (Technical Capability and Past Performance, when combined, are more important than Price) (The Government will perform a comparative assessment of quotations. A quotation with a higher Past Performance rating may be selected over a lower-priced quotation if the Government determines the higher-rated quotation provides better value.) When offerors submit a response to the solicitation include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with offer. Clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition Clause at 52.217-8 Option to extend Services Clause at 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (Clauses reference can be found at www.acquisition.gov) The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-03. All provisions and clauses can be found in the 1449 attachment. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. Due Dates: Questions: All questions must be submitted via email no later than 18 March 2026 at 4:30 PM PST. Submit all questions to Lt Dorian Maynard (dorian.maynard.1@spaceforce.mil) with SSgt Victor Mendoza (victor.mendoza.4@spaceforce.mil) Courtesy copied. Quotes: Quotations must be submitted via email no later than Apr 02, 2026 12:00 pm PST. Please send quotes to Lt Dorian Maynard (dorian.maynard.1@spaceforce.mil) with Victor Mendoza (victor.mendoza.4@spaceforce.mil) Courtesy copied. (Late submissions will not be considered, with no exceptions) AMENDMENTS: Amendment 1: Updated 1449 and attached Q&A documents. All updated documents are attached as of 24 March 2026. Please refer to the 1449 attachment for all changes made. Additionally, the Q&A documents are attached and labeled "Questions and Answers Set 1" and "Questions and Answers Set 2". Amendment 2: Updated 1449 and attached updated PWS that added section "4.8 additional info" as well as extend the due date to April 02, 2026 at 1200 PST.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Lt Dorian Maynard
  - Email: dorian.maynard.1@spaceforce.mil
  - Phone: 3106535379
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: SSgt Victor Mendoza
  - Email: victor.mendoza.4@spaceforce.mil
  - Phone: 3106532936

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: all changes made. Additionally, the Q&A documents are attached and labeled "Questions and Answers Set 1" and "Questions and Answers Set 2". Amendment 2: Updated 1449 and attached updated PWS that added section "4.8 additional info" as well as extend the due date to April 02, 2026 at 1200 PST

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8cbcbdb4f85640538339c4295070dea0/view)