---
layout: default
title: 6515--Trackcore RFID System Cabinets, Cleveland
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 8ec671b168d7449dbf779a14fcdd5ceb
---

# 6515--Trackcore RFID System Cabinets, Cleveland

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 14:41:15.603-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25026Q0491
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Page 3 of 12 Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice *= Required Field Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice Page 1 of 12 SUBJECT* TrackCore RFID System Cabinets, Cleveland GENERAL INFORMATION CONTRACTING OFFICE S ZIP CODE* 44131 SOLICITATION NUMBER* 36C25026Q0491 RESPONSE DATE/TIME/ZONE 04-23-2026 3:00 EASTERN TIME, NEW YORK, USA ARCHIVE 15 DAYS AFTER THE RESPONSE DATE RECOVERY ACT FUNDS N SET-ASIDE PRODUCT SERVICE CODE* 6515 NAICS CODE* 541519 CONTRACTING OFFICE ADDRESS Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office (NCO) 10 6150 Oak Tree Blvd., Suite 300 Independence OH 44131 POINT OF CONTACT* Contract Specialist Jennifer A. Tisdale jennifer.tisdale@va.gov 216-447-8010 N/A PLACE OF PERFORMANCE ADDRESS Department of Veterans Affairs Louis Stokes Cleveland VA Medical Center 10701 East Blvd. Cleveland OH POSTAL CODE 44106 COUNTRY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AGENCY S URL https://www.va.gov/ URL DESCRIPTION Department of Veterans Affairs AGENCY CONTACT S EMAIL ADDRESS jennifer.tisdale@va.gov EMAIL DESCRIPTION Contract Specialist DESCRIPTION Combined Synopsis-Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ 36C25026Q0491. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC2026-01. This solicitation is unrestricted, under FAR Part 12. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 541519, Other Computer Related Services Manufacturing with a business size standard of 34 million. The FSC/PSC is 6515. The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office (NCO)10, Louis Stokes Cleveland VA Medical Center 10701 East Blvd., Cleveland, Ohio 44106 is seeking to purchase the following equipment, TrackCore RFID Cabinets and Freezer for the Nursing Service at the Louis Stokes Cleveland VAMC. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following, Brand Name Only: Supplies/Services requested: Line Item Item/Product Description Quantity Unit of Measure 1 TC-130 RFID Large, TC-130 Intelligent Cabinet 24 EA 2 TC-188 RFID Large TC-188 Intelligent Freezer 01 EA 3 RFID-IMP On-Site RFID Implementation (25 Units) 01 EA 4 RFID Annual Service Fee RFID Annual Service Fee 25 EA Statement of Work (SOW) Contract Number: Task Order Number: IFCAP Tracking Number: 541-26-1-250-0025 Follow-on to Contract and Task Order Number: 1. Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). Name: Section: Nursing Service; VAMC Cleveland; VISN 10 Address: 10701 East Blvd. Cleveland, Ohio 44106 Phone Number: Fax Number: E-Mail Address: 2. Contract Title. Cleveland VAMC -Purchase, Delivery, Installation, and Implementation of twenty-four (24) TrackCore RFID Cabinets and one (1) TrackCore RFID Freezer. 3. Background. The VA Northeast Ohio Healthcare System (VANEOHS) is requesting the purchase of twenty-four (24) additional TrackCore TC-130 RFID cabinets and one (1) TrackCore TC-188 RFID freezer, On-Site Implementation (1), and RFID Annual Service fee (25) for the expansion of the Implant Coordinator Program. The Facility Implant Coordinator has identified an urgent need to expand the TrackCore RFID cabinets. This expansion is crucial to enhance implant management, ensure regulatory compliance, and improve patient safety. Currently, the limitations of our existing system post significant risks to operational efficiency and patient care. 4. Scope. The purpose of this statement of work (SOW) is to outline the purchase, delivery, installation, and implementation of twenty-four (24) TrackCore RFID cabinets and one (1) TrackCore RFID freezer for the Cleveland VA Medical Center, part of the VA Northeast Ohio Healthcare System. This project involves the allocation of fifteen (15) TrackCore RFID cabinets to the Operating Room (O.R). Three (3) cabinets will be allocated across Angiography, Dental and Cardiology Departments. The remaining six (6) cabinets and one (1) freezer will be allocated to the Ambulatory Surgery Center. The objectives of this project are to enhance inventory management and improve operational efficiency. Ensure compliance with VA policies, regulations, and accreditation standards. Improve patient safety and streamline the management of implantable devices. 5. Specific Tasks. 5.1: Purchase of TrackCore RFID Cabinets Purchase a total of 24 TrackCore RFID Cabinets (TC-130-2) and 1 TrackCore RFID Intelligent Freezer (TC-188-2). Ensure the cabinets meet all necessary technical specifications and compatibility requirements for the Cleveland VA Medical Center. 5.2: Installation of TrackCore RFID Cabinets Delivery and installation of 15 TrackCore RFID Cabinets (TC-130-2) in the Operating Room. Delivery and installation of 3 TrackCore RFID Cabinets (TC-130-2) in the Angiography, Dental, and Cardiology departments, with 1 cabinet per department. Delivery and installation of 6 TrackCore RFID Cabinets (TC-130-2) and 1 TrackCore RFID Intelligent Freezer (TC-188-2_ in the Ambulatory Surgery Center. 5.3: Implementation of TrackCore RFID System Configure and integrate the TrackCore RFID cabinets with the existing IT infrastructure. Ensure all RDIF tags and supporting hardware are properly installed and operational. Conduct full inventory setup and monitoring system activation. Deliverables: Supply 24 TrackCore RFID cabinets and 1 TrackCore RFID Intelligent Freezer, meeting specified requirements. Provide delivery and installation services, including setup and configuration of cabinets in the specified locations. Configuration and integration of RFID cabinets with facility IT systems. Installation of RFID tags and supporting hardware. Offer technical support during the integration phase and initial usage period. Provide user manuals and technical documentation for the TrackCore RFID system. Training sessions for staff on the operation and maintenance of the RFID cabinets. 6. Performance Monitoring The assigned COR and Cleveland VA Medical Center facility Implant Coordinator will oversee all performance monitoring for this project. COR and facility Implant Coordinator will oversee the project ensuring timely completion and adherence to scope. Coordinate with the vendor and internal departments for smooth installation and implementation. Arrange training sessions for relevant staff on the use of TrackCore RFID system, 7. Security Requirements The vendor will have no access to patient records, data, or VA computer systems. The vendor will be required to work with the Cleveland VA Information Technology (IT) Department to facilitate the integration of TrackCore RFID cabinets with the existing IT infrastructure. 8. Government-Furnished Equipment (GFE)/Government-Furnished Information (GFI). No GFE or GFI will be furnished to the vendor for this contract. 9. Other Pertinent Information or Special Considerations. Vendor must have specialized experience with TrackCore RFID products and have technological expertise for the original equipment manufacturers (OEM) robust line of RFID technology solutions and related services. Identification of Possible Follow-on Work. Possible follow-on work could encompass various aspects aimed at further enhancing the RFID systems utility, optimizing operational efficiency, and maintaining the longevity of the equipment. Possible follow-on could include but is not limited to system expansion/upgrades, software enhancements, advanced training, hardware upgrades, technical support and workflow optimization services. b. Identification of Potential Conflicts of Interest (COI). There are no known potential conflicts of interest with this request currently. c. Identification of Non-Disclosure Requirements. The contractor/vendor will not be working with any sensitive and/or proprietary information; therefore, the non-disclosure agreement is not required for this request. d. Packaging, Packing and Shipping Instructions. All items related to this project will be shipped to the Cleveland VAMC Warehouse located at 10701 East Blvd Cleveland, OH 44106. e. Inspection and Acceptance Criteria. The contracts assigned COR along with facility Implant Coordinator will be responsible for inspection and acceptance criteria related to this project. Acceptance criteria will include: Successful installation and operational status of all 24 RFID cabinets and 1 RFID freezer. Integration with exiting IT infrastructure without any technical issues. Completion of staff training and system testing with satisfactory results. Validation of system functionality for inventory tracking and management. 10. Risk Control The requested project is only for the purchase, delivery, installation and implementation of equipment and would be considered low risk regarding patient safety and infection control. Potential risks are associated with this project but are not limited to delays in delivery, technical integration issues, staff training challenges. 11. Place of Performance. VA Northeast Ohio Healthcare System (VANEOHS) Louis Stokes Cleveland VA Medical Center 10701 East Blvd Cleveland, OH 44106 VA Ambulatory Surgery Center Cleveland VA Clinic - Superior 8901 Superior Avenue Cleveland, Ohio 44106 12. Period of Performance. The period of performance will be based on date/time of award. Cleveland VAMC staff and vendor personnel will coordinate the delivery schedule and project timeline after the award is fully executed. Delivery/Installation: 90 Days ARO. Sole Source Justification >SAT LSCVAMC is requesting the purchase of twenty-four (24) additional TrackCore TC-130 RFID cabinets and one (1) TrackCore TC-188 RFID freezer for the expansion of the Implant Coordinator Program. The equipment requested must integrate with the equipment being utilized currently at the hospital. This project involves the allocation of fifteen (15) TrackCore RFID cabinets to the Operating Room (O.R). Three (3) cabinets will be allocated across Angiography, Dental and Cardiology Departments. The remaining six (6) cabinets and one (1) freezer will be allocated to the Ambulatory Surgery Center. The objectives of this project are to enhance inventory management and improve operational efficiency. Ensure compliance with VA policies, regulations, and accreditation standards. Improve patient safety and streamline the management of implantable devices. Statutory Authority Permitting Other than Full and Open Competition: (X) (1) Only One Responsible Source and No Other Supplies or Services Will Satisfy Agency Requirements per 41 USC Â§3304(a)(1) as implemented by RFO 6.103-1; BRAND NAME ONLY ( ) (2) Unusual and Compelling Urgency per 41 USC Â§3304(a)(2) as implemented by RFO 6.103-2; ( ) (3) Industrial Mobilization, Engineering, Developmental or Research Capability or Expert Services per 41 USC Â§3304(a)(3) as implemented by RFO 6.103-3; ( ) (4) International Agreement per 41 USC Â§3304(a)(4) as implemented by RFO 6.103-4 ( ) (5) Authorized or Required by Statute per 41 USC Â§3304(a)(5) as implemented by RFO 6.103-5; ( ) (6) National Security per 41 USC Â§3304(a)(6) as implemented by RFO 6.103-6; ( ) (7) Public Interest per 41 USC Â§3304(a)(7) as implemented by RFO 6.103-7; Demonstration that the Contractor s Unique Qualifications or Nature of the Acquisition Requires the Use of the Authority Cited Above (applicability of authority): VA s The Facility Implant Coordinator has identified an urgent need to expand the TrackCore RFID cabinets. This expansion is crucial to enhance implant management, ensure regulatory compliance, and improve patient safety. TrackCore Tissue Tracking is the standard enterprise-wide application used within Cerner environments to manage tissue and implant inventory, documentation, and compliance functions. This designation means that TrackCore is fully integrated into the Cerner EHR workflow, rather than operating as a standalone or third-party add-on. Integration patterns, security reviews, and Authority to Operate activities have already been completed or are in progress. TrackCore s integration allows implant and tissue tracking data to flow directly within the clinical documentation screens, eliminating duplicate data entry, and minimizing the risk of transcription errors. Clinicians document once within the EHR, and all implant specific details such as brand, model, serial number, lot number, procedure date, and implant location are recorded automatically and stored in the official system record. This interoperability is critical for regulatory compliance and patient safety. It ensures that every implant or tissue item can be accurately traced to the patient it was used for supporting recall management, reporting, and auditing requirements set by organizations such as the FDA and The Joint Commission. VISN 10 has adopted TrackCore as the common tissue/implant tracking platform and is actively onboarding additional facilities to that platform. LSCVAMC s requirement is to align with this existing VISN 10 enterprise configuration, not to create a new, separate standard at the facility level. Because the VISN has standardized on TrackCore and already operates the system at numerous facilities, LSCVAMC s use of TrackCore hardware and equipment is necessary to maintain interoperability, consistent reporting, and regulatory compliance across the VISN. A non TrackCore solution would fragment the enterprise architecture and create long-term sustainment and compliance risks. VISN 10 has standardized its workflows, SOPs, and training around TrackCore (inventory, recall, expiration management, OR workflows, and reporting). The following VISN 10 medical centers are already deployed on TrackCore as their tissue/implant tracking platform and are in various stages of migrating to the enterprise TrackCore environment: Lieutenant Colonel Charles S. Kettles VAMC Ann Arbor, MI Battle Creek VAMC Battle Creek, MI Chillicothe VAMC Chillicothe, OH Cincinnati VAMC Cincinnati, OH Louis Stokes Cleveland DVAMC Cleveland, OH Dayton VAMC Dayton, OH Fort Wayne VAMC Fort Wayne, IN Richard L. Roudebush VAMC Indianapolis, IN Marion VAMC Marion, IN Aleda E. Lutz DVAMC Saginaw, MI LSCVAMC requires RFID enabled storage hardware that is natively integrated with TrackCore s software platform and VISN 10 s enterprise configuration, including interfaces, data structures, security, and reporting. TrackCore is the only vendor that provides the proprietary combination of RFID cabinets, refrigerator, freezer, and associated software integration that fully supports the existing VISN 10 TrackCore ecosystem. Enterprise level reporting, regulatory metrics, and recall/expiration reporting are being designed around TrackCore data structures and reports. Description of Efforts Made to ensure that offers are solicited from as many potential sources as possible (including whether a notice was or will be publicized as required by RFO Part 5 and, if not, which exception under RFO Part 5 applies): The manufacturer confirmed that they have one SDVOSB distributor. The items can be purchased through the manufacturer or their SDVOSB distributor. A Combined Synopsis Solicitation will be posted to Contract Opportunities with the brand name requirements within this justification. Determination by the CO that the Anticipated Cost to the Government will be Fair and Reasonable: The Contracting Officer will ensure that the proposed price will be determined fair and reasonable in accordance with RFO 12.204(a). Description of the Market Research Conducted and the Results, or a Statement of the Reasons Market Research Was Not Conducted: Solicitation will be posted to Contract Opportunities with the brand name requirements within this justification. SBA was searched under NAICS 541519 with SD/VOSB selected and 238 results were found. Another search was completed in SBA with keyword TrackCore and NAICS 541519 and zero results were found. NAICS 541519 does not have an NMR Class Waiver. The manufacturer is a large business. They have one SDVOSB distributor. The VA and SBA Rules of Two cannot be met. Nor can a SDVOSB sole source be completed IAW VAAR 819.7008. Therefore, the Contracting Officer has determined that an unrestricted, brand name only procurement IAW RFO 12 and RFO 16 procedures will be executed. Products are made in the United States, and the Buy American Act applies. Any Other Facts Supporting the Use of Other than Full and Open Competition: None. Listing of Sources that Expressed, in Writing, an Interest in the Acquisition: Listed sources will be listed and noted after Combined Synopsis. A Statement of the Actions, if any, the Agency May Take to Remove or Overcome any Barriers to Competition before Making subsequent acquisitions for the supplies or services required: Should a procurement of this nature recur, the Government will conduct market research in accordance with RFO Part 10 to identify capable sources that can meet the requirements. Quotes must be received by April 23, 2026, by 3:00pm EST. Email your quote to Jennifer.Tisdale@va.gov. Please ensure to reference solicitation # 36C25026Q0491 within the subject line of the email. Quote(s)/offer(s) received after the prescribed deadline, shall be considered non-responsive and will not be considered for award. All questions or concerns can be address to Jennifer A. Tisdale, Contract Specialist at email address Jennifer.Tisdale@va.gov. Delivery shall be provided 90 Days ARO, or earlier days after receipt of order, destination. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: Louis Stokes Cleveland VAMC 10701 East Blvd. Cleveland, Ohio 44106 The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at http://acquisition.gov/comp/far/index.html. The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.203-16 PREVENTING PERSONAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST (JUN 2020) FAR 52.203-17 CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS AND REQUIREMENT TO INFORM EMPLOYEES OF WHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS (JAN 2023) FAR 52.212-1,Â Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services: In accordance with RFO FAR 12.201-1 and FAR 12.201-2 when appropriate, the contracting officer may (1)Â Insert the provision atÂ 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial ProductsÂ andÂ Commercial Services, inÂ solicitationsÂ forÂ commercial productsÂ orÂ commercial services. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (NOV 2023) FAR 52.232-40 PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTORS (MAR 2023) FAR 52.233-2 SERVICE OF PROTEST (SEPT 2006) - - Hand-Carried Address: Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office 10, Louis Stokes Cleveland VAMC, 10701 East Blvd., Cleveland, OH 44106. FAR 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractor (Nov 2021) VAAR 852.203-70 COMMERCIAL ADVERTISING (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.212-71 GRAY MARKET AND COUNTERFEIT ITEMS (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.232-72 ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF PAYMENT REQUESTS (NOV 2018) VAAR 852,233-70 PROTEST CONTENT/ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION (SEP 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 ALTERNATE PROTEST PROCEDURE (SEP 2018) Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of FAR 12. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms and conditions. This procurement is for new items only; no remanufactured or "gray market" items. No remanufacturers or gray market items will be acceptable. Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) goods sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. Vendor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor, or authorized reseller for the proposed equipment, verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM, such that the OEM s warranty and service are provided and maintained by the OEM. All warranty and service associated with the equipment shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror, whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices. The Total Evaluated Price will be that sum. Technical or Quality: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Past Performance: The past performance evaluation will assess the relative risks associated with a quoter s likelihood of success in fulfilling the solicitation s requirements as indicated by the quoter s record of past performance. The past performance evaluation may be based on the contracting officer s knowledge of and previous experience with the supply or service being acquired; Customer surveys, and past performance questionnaire replies; Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) at http://www.cpars.gov/; or any other reasonable basis. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms and conditions. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. Submission of your response shall be received not later than April 23, 2026, by 3:00pm Eastern Standard Time (EST). Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Jennifer A. Tisdale Contract Specialist Network Contracting Office (NCO)10 Office: 216-447-8010 Email: jennifer.tisdale@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer A. Tisdale
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: jennifer.tisdale@va.gov
  - Phone: 216-447-8010

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8ec671b168d7449dbf779a14fcdd5ceb/view)