---
layout: default
title: 6515--Breakout Box for Portable EEG System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: ed4c32be812e421a85eb4e983d64a6ad
---

# 6515--Breakout Box for Portable EEG System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-13 08:57:52.569-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24426I0393
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is not a solicitation but rather a Request for Information (RFI/Sources Sought) for market research purposes only. Veterans Health Affairs, Network Contracting Office 4, is issuing this Sources Sought in order to identify capable firms and obtain information for planning purposes only. Veterans Health Affairs, Network Contracting Office 4, is issuing this Sources Sought in order to identify capable firms for EMU 40 Breakout Box for Portable EEG System for a VISN 4 VAMC. **Responses shall be submitted by 3:00 PM EDT on March 18th, 2026** Responses shall be submitted via email to Adriane.Perretti@va.gov Subject Line must read: 36C24426I0393 | EMU 40 Breakout Box for Portable EEG System | (Company Name) All Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB) and Veteran Owned Small Businesses (VOSB) firms that respond shall include proof of their Vets First Verification via Home Â Â· VetBiz Portal (va.gov). All small business firms that respond shall include proof of small business status via their Representations and Certifications in accordance with Policy. While SDVOSB/VOSB contractors are preferred, all capable contractors are welcome to respond to this source sought notice for market research purposes. All respondents shall include as part of their response a brief capability statement that covers the information in the following tentative statement of work, as well as answers to the questions below. All respondents shall be registered and active in SAM.gov | Home. The purpose of this Sources Sought is to gather feedback from industry on our intended procurement approach. The results of this market research will assist in the development of (1) the requirement, and (2) the acquisition approach (e.g., socioeconomic set-aside, full and open competition, etc.). VA assumes no responsibility for any costs incurred associated with the preparation of responses. Suggested NAICS: 339113 (Surgical Appliance and Supplies Manufacturing) Suggested PSC: 6515 (Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies) Open to suggestions from industry as to a more proper NAICS and/or PSC, as well as any potential GSA/FSS Schedule SIN categories. In addition to the information requested above, please include answers to the below questions as part of your response to this Sources Sought: 1. Identify any other companies owned (wholly or in-part) by the owners of this business who provide goods or services under the same or related NAICS codes. 2. Identify any other companies owned (wholly or in-part) by the owners of this business who provide goods or services that are registered under the same or a related NAICS code with the Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE); Provide the certification type (SDVOSB/VOSB), Federal Identification Number, and state of incorporation for each. 3. Do you plan on responding to a solicitation for this requirement with a Joint Venture utilizing multiple owned companies as majority or non-majority owner? Yes ___No ___ If yes, please identify which companies are considering a Joint Venture and the ownership of each company. 4. Are the items domestic end products (manufactured in the United States)? As stated in FAR 52.225-1 Buy American SUPPLIES DEPARTMENT OF VETERAN AFFAIRS STATEMENT OF NEED EMU40EXQ Breakout Box TITLE OF PROJECT: EMU40 Breakout Box - Wireless GENERAL INFORMATION Scope of Need: The vendor shall provide all resources necessary to accomplish the deliverables described in this statement of need (SON), except as may otherwise be specified. TYPE OF CONTRACT: Firm Fixed Price. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS The Lebanon VA Medical Center (LVAMC) and has a brand name requirement for one (1) Natus Medical Inc, EMU40 Breakout Box. This upgrade will allow the Lebanon VAMC to expand what we can perform with the Natus EEG machine we currently utilize. This upgrade is part of the expansion of the national tele EEG program here in Lebanon. The EMU40 Breakout Box advantages: This headbox will allow for wireless live recordings of patients and has its own internal storage in case of power loss of the main unit it will continue to record via battery. This will allow staff to freely move and adjust the headbox while performing daily tasks on the patient without fear of disconnection. This new headbox will also give the patient free movement throughout the room, bathroom, walking etc. within the range of the main computer. This equipment is used to record video activity of patients being monitored in the EEG Lab and in the Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) in the Epilepsy Center of Excellence (ECoE). Designed specifically for Epilepsy Monitoring Unit (EMU) facilities, the EMU40 can also be used for clinical EEG and some in-lab sleep studies. It offers 40 clearly marked AC channels that allow for full 10-20 electrode placement. In addition, oxygen saturation and pulse rate channels are available from the integrated oximeter. Plus, there are 4 extra DC channels available on the base unit. Lastly, a photic stimulator interface and a patient-event-switch interface complete the EEG functionality. The EMU40 is suitable for a variety of fixed and portable applications. It can be fixed to a wall or mounted on a variety of carts, and its unique quick-disconnect options enable moving the unit easily and safely. From a range of channel inputs to extended-range wireless monitoring, this innovative amplifier has all the features needed for brain monitoring in an EMU. Salient Characteristics/Minimum Requirements for NATUS brand Portable EMU40: 40-channel amplifier; 4 DC, SpO2 Sample rate: up to 1,024 Hz Wireless(Bluetooth) with on-board memory Bandwidth:

0.1 Hz to 400 Hz Ergonomic electrode input to optimize patient mobility Small form factor and lightweight patient wearable DELIVERY: Contractor Shall provide installation for EMU40 Breakout Box for EEG system according to the schedule outlined by the POC on the Delivery Order to the specified location: Lebanon VA Medical Center - 1700 South Lincoln Street, Lebanon, PA 17042 Delivery to the facilities shall be coordinated at least 72 hours prior to the required delivery date with the Contracting Officer Representative (COR). Please contact the COR with any questions or concerns. Nominated POC: Chris Small Phone: (717) 272-6621 x 4112 Email: christopher.small@va.gov Note: The POC has no authority to change the terms and conditions of the awarded contract. WORK HOURS: Standard Operational Hours are 0730-1600, Monday-Friday

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Adriane Perretti
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: adriane.perretti@va.gov
  - Phone: emails only, please

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ed4c32be812e421a85eb4e983d64a6ad/view)