---
layout: default
title: Dual Source Laser Engraver
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 4e0f0d6100af4b748293b22ccd9a40af
---

# Dual Source Laser Engraver

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 14:02:41.352-04
- Solicitation Number: FA442726Q1059

## Summary

solicitation Notice 21 April 2026 MEMORANDUM FOR ALL PROSPECTIVE OFFERORS FROM: 60TH CONTRACTING SQUADRON 350 HANGAR AVE, BLDG. 549 TRAVIS AFB, CA 94535-2632 SUBJECT: FA442726Q1059, MXS MXMFA Laser Engraver Point of Contact: Contract Specialist SrA Johnathan Daniels johnathan.daniels.1@us.af.mil Contracting Officer SSgt Alexander Love-Gaunt alexander.love_gaunt@us.af.mil Contracting Office Address 60th Contracting Squadron (60 CONS) 350 Hangar Avenue, Bldg 549, Travis AFB, CA, 94535 Date, Time, and Submission of Offer: Posted Date: 21 April 2026 RFQ Response Deadline: 30 April 2026 12:00 PM PST. Offers of offer revisions received after the solicitation close date/time will not be accepted unless requested by the CO. Submission Method Offers must be submitted electronically via email to both Point of Contacts 1. Solicitation notice. a. This is a brand name or equal to Solicitation notice for a Request for Quotation (RFQ). 2. Set-Asides: (IAW FAR 5.101(c)(2)) a. Anticipated Set-Aside Strategy: Total Small Business Set-Aside. 3. Codes for Services or Supplies (IAW FAR 5.101(c)(3)) a. Product Service Code (PSC): 3419 - Industrial Products & Services — Machinery & Components b. NAICS Code: 333517 - Machine Tool Manufacturing 4. Description (IAW FAR 5.101(c)(4)) a. Clear and Concise Description of Supplies or Services: The contractor shall provide the requirement under a Firm Fixed Priced contract in accordance with (IAW) attached Statement of Need Dual Source Laser Engraver. The following contains the Contract Line Item Numbers (CLIN) items to be acquired. A list of line-item number(s) and items, quantities, and units of measure (including option(s). Vendor Information Business Name:__________________________________________________________ Address: _______________________________________________________________ CAGE Code: ____________________________________________________________ SAM UEI: __________________ SAM Registration Expiration Date: ______________ Socioeconomic Status (Check all that apply): ( ) Small Business ( ) SDB ( ) HUBZone ( ) Woman-Owned SB ( ) SDVOSB ( ) 8(a) ( ) EDWOSB ( ) Other – Please State: Point of Contact Name/Phone Number: _______________________________________ Point of Contact Email: ____________________________________________________ CLIN SUPPLIES/SERVICES REQUESTED QTY U/I Unit Price Extended Amount 0001 Epilog Pro 48 Dual Source 62 Watt Fiber MOPA, 120 CO2 Wattage Or Equal to Laser Engraver IAW Attachment – SON Dual Source Laser Engraver 1 EA $ $ TOTAL COST (USD): $ QUOTE EXPIRATION DATE: PROPOSED WARRANTY (IF APPLICABLE): b. The provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offeror – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Feb 2026) applies to this solicitation. In addition, the following addendums identified below applies. (1) Addendum to FAR 52.212-1(a) Submission of offers. (a) The Offeror shall complete the Vendor Information and Pricing section under paragraph 4.a. of this solicitation. (b) The Offeror shall complete and submit the Contractor Responsibility Verification form (Attachment 3), along with supporting documentations required by the form. (e) The contractor’s offer must meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Unless requested from the Contracting Officer, quote revisions received after the solicitation close date/time will not be accepted. Responses should contain your best terms and conditions. The government reserves the right to evaluate the quotes and award without interchanges. (f) The government will not accept any refurbished equipment; all equipment provided must be new. (g) Addendum to FAR 52.212-1(b) Period for Acceptance of Offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. c. The provision at 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Feb 2026) applies to this solicitation. In addition, the following addendums identified below applies. (1) The addendum to FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Date) as provided below applies to this acquisition. (2) The Government will award a contract to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will provide the best value to the Government. The best value for the Government is an offer that has a fair and reasonable price, an offeror with a satisfactory or above past performance, and an offer that meets or exceeds the technical requirements of the SOW. The Government will review offers from the lowest priced offeror to the highest priced offeror. The Government, in its best interests, reserves the right to consider a quotation other than the lowest price technically acceptable whose offer provides additional benefit(s). Once the Government has determined the best value offer, the Government is under no obligation to evaluate further offers. (3) The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: (a) Price – The Government will evaluate if the offeror’s total proposed price is fair and reasonable. A comparison of proposed prices received in response to the solicitation is the preferred and intended price analysis technique. If adequate price competition is not feasible, the government reserves the right to perform price comparison from the result of the government's market research and/or any other reasonable basis as determined by the government. Anticipated Award Date: On or about May, 30 2026. d. Trade Agreements Language: 'Not Applicable'. e. Technical Data:'Not Applicable' f. Construction Contract Information: Not Applicable. g. Statement Regarding Responsible Sources: All responsible sources may submit a quotation, bid, or proposal, as appropriate, which will be considered by the agency. h. Competitive Status: This is a competitive action. i. Qualification Requirement: To be eligible for award, an offeror's product must be compatible or better than specifications given in the Statement of Need. j. Specifications, technical data, and other pertinent information: Properly review SOW k. Brand name specifications: This solicitation is for a Brand Name or Equal to. l. See Attachment 2 for a list of solicitation provisions and contract clauses that apply to the acquisition. (IAW (see 12.205(a)) and 12.205(b)) ATTACHMENTS Statement of Need Dual Source Laser Engraver Solicitation Provisions and Contract Clauses by Reference Contractor Responsibility Verification TAFB Security Requirements

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Johnathan Daniels
  - Email: johnathan.daniels.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7074247726
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: SSgt Alexander Love Gaunt
  - Email: alexander.love_gaunt@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , along with supporting documentations required by the form. (e) The contractor’s offer must meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Unless requested from the Contracting Officer, quote revisions received after the solicitation close date/time will not be accepted. Responses should contain your best terms and conditions. The government reserves the right to evaluate the quotes and award without interchanges. (f) The government will not accept any refurbished equipment; all equipment provided must be new. (g) Addendum to FAR 52.212-1(b) Period for Acceptance of Offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. c. The provision at 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Feb 2026) applies to this solicitation. In addition, the following addendums identified below applies. (1) The addendum to FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Date) as provided below applies to this acquisition. (2) The Government will award a contract to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will provide the best value to the Government. The best value for the Government is an offer that has a fair and reasonable price, an offeror with a satisfactory or above past performance, and an offer that meets or exceeds the technical requirements of the SOW. The Government will review offers from the lowest priced offeror to the highest priced offeror. The Government, in its best interests, reserves the right to consider a quotation other than the lowest price technically acceptable whose offer provides additional benefit(s). Once the Government has determined the best value offer, the Government is under no obligation to evaluate further offers. (3) The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: (a) Price – The Government will evaluate if the offeror’s total proposed price is fair and reasonable. A comparison of proposed prices received in response to the solicitation is the preferred and intended price analysis technique. If adequate price competition is not feasible, the government reserves the right to perform price comparison from the result of the government"s market research and/or any other reasonable basis as determined by the government. Anticipated Award Date: On or about May, 30 2026. d. Trade Agreements Language: "Not Applicable". e. Technical Data:"Not Applicable" f. Construction Contract Information: Not Applicable. g. Statement Regarding Responsible Sources: All responsible sources may submit a quotation, bid, or proposal, as appropriate, which will be considered by the agency. h. Competitive Status: This is a competitive action. i. Qualification Requirement: To be eligible for award, an offeror"s product must be compatible or better than specifications given in the Statement of Need. j. Specifications, technical data, and other pertinent information: Properly review SOW k. Brand name specifications: This solicitation is for a Brand Name or Equal to. l. See Attachment 2 for a list of solicitation provisions and contract clauses that apply to the acquisition. (IAW (see 12.205(a)) and 12.205(b)) ATTACHMENTS Statement of Need Dual Source Laser Engraver Solicitation Provisions and Contract Clauses by Reference Contractor Responsibility Verification TAFB Security Requirements

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4e0f0d6100af4b748293b22ccd9a40af/view)