---
layout: default
title: H965--Walla Walla VA Medical Center - Generator and Fuel Testing
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 298ee6639d364f93bddb68faa1ed2871
---

# H965--Walla Walla VA Medical Center - Generator and Fuel Testing

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-16 17:50:30.649-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0462
- Awardee: null

## Summary

The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Network Contracting Office 20 (NCO 20), is conducting market research on behalf of the Walla Walla VAMC to identify potential contractors capable of providing generator and fuel testing services. To be considered a responsive and potential source, interested parties shall provide a capabilities statement containing the following information: Business name, address, point of contact, phone number and email address. Business size designation (under NAICS 811310 sized standard $12.5M), type (SDVOSB, VOSB, WOSB or other), and SAM Unique Identifier Number Affirmation that the vendor is capable of performing in accordance with the attached Draft Performance Work Statement. Also, vendors shall include at least one example of relevant past performance wherein it is shown the quoter has performed similar work meeting similar performance standards in the past. Affirmation that the vendor is capable of performing in compliance with the Limitations on Subcontracting, in accordance with VAAR 852.219-75, if this were to be set-aside for SD/VOSBs or other Small Businesses. Additionally, contractors can provide feedback on the attached Draft Performance Work Statement, which may be considered if a solicitation is posted. Provide the requested information to Michael Allred at michael.allred1@va.gov before 12:00 PM PST on March 23rd, 2026. All questions must be submitted via email, no telephonic inquiries will be accepted. This is a sources-sought notice only. The purpose of this notice is to obtain information regarding the availability and capability of ALL verified sources to include qualified SDVOSB/VOSB to perform this potential requirement. Responses received will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition strategy. The Government may or may not issue a solicitation as a result of this notice. There is no solicitation available at this time, and this is not a request for quotes. See attached document: Draft Statement of Work. EB.3 STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) Title: Emergency Generator Load and Fuel Testing Background The Jonathan M Wainwright Memorial VA Medical Center (VAWW), located at 77 Wainwright Drive, Walla Walla, WA, requires annual and triennial testing of emergency generators as required by NFPA 110 and fuel testing per NFPA 110 Part 8.3.7. There are currently eight diesel electric generators on the VAWW campus which have insufficient connected load and require annual testing with a supplemental load bank. There are 9 fuel storage containers that need to be tested as well. Place of Performance All work under this contract is to be performed at the following locations: Walla Walla VA Medical Center, 77 Wainwright Dr, Walla Walla, WA 99362 Scope Contractor shall furnish all labor, travel, equipment, supplies, and materials required to perform a complete inspection, testing, maintenance and repair service of the systems in accordance with the frequency and procedures outlined in the most current edition of the Applicable publications mentioned throughout all of the identified scope below. Provide annual inspections and supplemental load bank testing according to the following NFPA 110 and VA Directive 1028 language: If the monthly EPSS tests cannot exercise the generators at 30 percent load or acceptable stack exhaust temperature, an annual test must be conducted using supplemental load banks. Such test must meet applicable requirements of NFPA 99, NFPA 110, and The Joint Commission. The generator must be tested at 50% nameplate load for the first 30 minutes and then at 75% nameplate load for 60 minutes following the first 30 minutes. In total, the generator will be tested for 1.5 hours. Provide annual fuel testing per NFPA 110, generator manufacture s recommendations and ASTM testing standards to validate that the quality of fuel complies with manufacture s acceptable ranges for proper generator functionality. Provide triennial generator testing using supplemental load bank testing according to the following VA Directive 1028 and The Joint Commission language: The Joint Commission requires a 4-hour generator test under load (dynamic or static) that is at least 30 percent of the nameplate rating of the generator once every 36 months. To accomplish this the VA requests that the generator is tested for 180 minutes at 30% of nameplate load and then tested for 60 minutes at 75% nameplate load. The contractor will not perform annual tests during the same year that triennial tests are required. The VA has an agreement with NFPA that when triennial testing is performed to VA standards, NFPA accepts that our triennial testing as an annual test. APPLICABLE PUBLICATIONS: The publications listed below shall be followed when engaging in any work required by this contract. There are specific references called out, but it is still expected that any requirements of these codes are followed. The most current edition of these standards shall be applicable. National Fire Protection Association (NFPA): NFPA 110 Standard for Emergency and Standby Power Systems Underwriters Laboratories, Inc. (UL) American Society for Testing and Materials (ASTM) Including but not limited to: ASTM D975 The Joint Commission (TJC) Environment of Care Manual Notification/Coordination Upon award the Contracting Officer (CO) may designate a Representative (COR) to supervise the work performed for the duration of this contract. However, in no event, will any understanding, agreement, modification, change order, or other matter deviating from the terms of the contract between the contractor and any person other than the CO be effective or binding upon the Government, unless formalized by proper contractual documents executed by the CO, prior to completion of this contract. A copy of this designation shall be furnished to the Contractor. The contractor shall perform triennial testing during the base year to set the cyclic period for this requirement. Within thirty days after contract award, for base and option years, the contractor shall provide the VA with an annual inspection and testing schedule, distinguishing between yearly and triennial events. The estimated yearly schedule is subject to COR approval. The Contractor shall provide the COR a finalized schedule for each task 30 days before the intended inspection and testing to confirm the scheduled date is still acceptable. The Contractor and any Subcontractor shall report to the COR when arriving to perform any service under this requirement, including repairs only at the Walla Walla location. The contractor shall call the COR and coordinate with the clinic manager when arriving at the VA clinic. Check-in/out is mandatory at VA Police to obtain temporary badge. When the service is completed, the Contractor and any Subcontractor shall check out with the COR as well. The Contractor shall coordinate with the Subcontractor directly for any tasks associated with SOW. It is the responsibility of the Contractor to ensure Subcontractor performs all work in accordance with the SOW. Deliverables Inspection/Testing Reports When inspections are completed at the end of each day before the field technician leaves the site, they are required to furnish a digital or electronic copy of their field testing notes to the COR. Deliver the final report to the COR no more than 30 days after completion of inspection and testing. This will be in electronic format. If deficiencies are discovered during inspection and testing, the final report and the field testing notes are required to have a description of the system conditions, description of corrected measures needed and any other special notes (tests conducted and maintenance work that may need to be performed). The service technician signs and submits this form to the COR. All services under this contract shall conform with the National Fire Protection Agency (NFPA), Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), and Original Equipment Manufacturer standards and specifications. Inspection and Acceptance Criteria The COR is responsible for monitoring and inspecting work performed under this contract is in accordance with the Statement of Work. The Contractor and COR will work together to resolve deficiencies. Work not completed or not acceptable under general industry standards cannot be certified for payment. Standards and Qualifications Generator Testing and Maintenance All Generator Technicians shall have the experience and training to perform the work and hold a current license or certification for installation of the systems involved. They must be certified by Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) through their training programs or by official documentation. Number of Employees. The Contractor shall always have available a sufficient number of capable and qualified employees to enable the contractor to properly, adequately, and safely perform all work required under the terms of this contract. Licenses & Permits. Contractor and subcontractor personnel engaged in the activities specified by this contract shall be also required to possess certificates of training, licenses, and permits as required by the state, county, parish, city, and other local jurisdictions. Documentation. The Contractor shall provide to the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) or Contracting Officer Designee documentation of the certificates of training, licenses, and permits for all new employees not later than seven (7) days prior to that person beginning work under the terms of this contract. licenses, permits, and bonds are current and valid. All offers must include documentation and proof of the above certifications and qualifications for each employee. Damage to Generators: Any damage to the generator or associated equipment (e.g. fans, pumps, electrical switchgear) caused by normal testing shall be repaired by the Contractor at no additional cost to the Government. At its discretion, the Government may have representatives present to witness any or all such tests. All costs associated with this damage shall be borne by the Contractor. Work Hours Normal Work Hours are defined as Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., excluding federal holidays or as otherwise arranged with the COR. The COR will communicate with the Contractor if work, inspection, testing, repair, etc. is able to be scheduled during normal work hours. After Hours. The Contractor shall be required to perform some work, inspection, test, and repair outside the normal working hours of the building occupants or due to emergency conditions. Any scheduled work that is disruptive to the tenants during annual and triennial tests (generator noise or fumes from generator) shall be performed after the building occupant's normal working hours for the following generators: B86 Caterpillar/LC5, B86 Caterpillar C18, and B143 Caterpillar/L7C. The holidays observed by the Federal Government are New Year's Day, Martin Luther King Day, President's Day, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. Also, any other day declared by the President of the United States to be a national holiday. Risk Control The Contractor shall comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local laws and regulations to include responsibility to conform by current Occupational, Safety, Health Administration (OSHA) & Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulations while working on this facility. Contractor shall comply with Walla Walla VA safety, security, and screening requirements. Contractor is responsible for all reports required or requested by Federal, State and Local ordinances that pertain to any duties contained in the contract. All Contractor employees must wear a reflective vest or suitable substitute approved by the COR. All equipment operators shall yield to all pedestrians and traffic. All trucks that are hauling generator equipment must have proper company identification prominently displayed on them to inform facility police when they are conducting rounds. Contractor shall take all precautions necessary to protect persons and property from injury or damage during the performance of this contract. Contractor shall be responsible for any injury to any Contractor s representative, or others, as well as for any damage to any personal or public property that occurs during the performance of this contract that is caused by the Contractor s fault or negligence. The Government shall inform the Contractor of any known ACM in a generator enclosure. If the Contractor must disturb materials he suspects may contain ACM, the Contractor shall immediately report it to the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) or Contracting Officer Designee, and the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) or Contracting Officer Designee will investigate and instruct the Contractor how to avoid an airborne asbestos exposure. Lead -Based Paint: The Government shall inform the Contractor of any known lead-based paint in a generator enclosure. If the Contractor must disturb materials he suspects may contain lead-based paint, the Contractor shall immediately report it to the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) or Contracting Officer Designee, and Contracting Officer Representative (COR) or Contracting Officer Designee will investigate and instruct the Contractor how to avoid lead-based paint contamination. Housekeeping. The Contractor shall leave areas where he performs work neat, clean and orderly. All damage done by the Contractor shall become the Contractor s responsibility and expense. Contractor and/or Sub-contractor shall not have any history of previous safety violations at the Walla Walla VA campus. Security Requirements Following contract award, the Contractor is required to present a list of personnel and their qualifications, to include a contract manager that will supervise the performance of this contract to the Contracting Officer. All supervisory Contractor personnel shall be able to communicate well with the COR or designee. All Contractor employees are subject to current Medical Center Directives applicable to their conduct. Government-Furnished Equipment (GFE)/Government-Furnished Information (GFI). Not applicable Contract Administrator The Contractor shall establish processes and assign appropriate resources to effectively administer the requirement. The Contract Administrator shall respond to Government requests for contractual actions in a timely fashion and take immediate action to correct any deficiencies found. The Contractor shall have a single point of contact between the Government and Contractor personnel assigned to support the contract. An alternate point of contact may be assigned at the approval of the Contracting Officer. The Contract Administrator shall attend Quarterly Meetings as described below. Contract Administrator shall in-person attend Annual Inspection and supervise any contractor or subcontractor personnel. Contract Administrator shall meet with COR while on-site to discuss any pertinent inspection information, deficiencies, and/or future coordination items. Contract Administrator shall be the main POC for Repairs and Rider work unless an Alternative POC is approved by the COR. The Contract Administrator will respond promptly to CFR and emergent requests and coordinate all aspects of the work diligently with any Contractor or Subcontractor personnel while informing the COR daily of status and coordinating further approval as applicable. Contract Administrator shall ensure all submitted invoices are correct and verifiable in accordance with invoices procedures outlined. The Contract Administrator and/or assigned alternate shall be able to communicate well with the COR or designee and respond within one (1) business day to COR and/or CO inquiries. Deliverable: Contractor shall provide Contract Administrator name, email, direct phone information and resume at quote submission and three (3) business days after change of personnel to the Contracting Officer and COR. Miscellaneous Government does not pay for services not received. Appendix A: Generator Inventory and Fuel Tank Locations Generator Inventory Location Building Make/Model Voltage Rated KW Load Testing Required B86 Caterpillar/LC5 208 250 Yes B143 Outpatient Clinic Caterpillar/L7C 480 600 Yes B78 Theater John Deere/A75JFTL3 208 90 Yes B76 Boiler Plant Caterpillar/C7.1 208 260 Yes B140 RRU Generac/13653720100 480 150 Yes B145 Specialty Care Clinic Caterpillar/LC5 480 175 Yes B74 Cummins QSB7 480 125 Yes B86 Caterpillar/C18 480 600 Yes Fuel Tank Inventory Tank # Building Location Reason Gallons Quantity Above/Underground 1 76 Next to Boiler Plant, behind double set of steel doors Boiler Contingency Fuel 20,000 2 Underground 2 76 Behind 76 with set of double steel doors Fuel for 76 Generator and 80 Generator 6500 1 Underground 3 78 West end of 78 covered by concrete pad Fuel for 78 Generator 1100 1 Underground 4 86 South end in walled enclosure Fuel for Adjacent Generator 480 1 Aboveground 5 140 West side of building Fuel for 140 Generator 480 1 Aboveground 6 143 Southeast corner of building in walled enclosure Fuel for 143 Generator 900 1 Aboveground 7 145 Southwest corner of building in walled enclosure Fuel for 145 Generator 900 1 Aboveground 8 86 Double walled integrated tank, south end of building Fuel for Adjacent Generator 380 1 Aboveground 9 74 Right next to generator in double walled tank Fuel for Building Generator 350 1 Aboveground

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michael Allred
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: michael.allred1@va.gov
  - Phone: 5093211906

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Generator Inventory and Fuel Tank Locations Generator Inventory Location Building Make/Model Voltage Rated KW Load Testing Required B86 Caterpillar/LC5 208 250 Yes B143 Outpatient Clinic Caterpillar/L7C 480 600 Yes B78 Theater John Deere/A75JFTL3 208 90 Yes B76 Boiler Plant Caterpillar/C7.1 208 260 Yes B140 RRU Generac/13653720100 480 150 Yes B145 Specialty Care Clinic Caterpillar/LC5 480 175 Yes B74 Cummins QSB7 480 125 Yes B86 Caterpillar/C18 480 600 Yes Fuel Tank Inventory Tank # Building Location Reason Gallons Quantity Above/Underground 1 76 Next to Boiler Plant, behind double set of steel doors Boiler Contingency Fuel 20,000 2 Underground 2 76 Behind 76 with set of double steel doors Fuel for 76 Generator and 80 Generator 6500 1 Underground 3 78 West end of 78 covered by concrete pad Fuel for 78 Generator 1100 1 Underground 4 86 South end in walled enclosure Fuel for Adjacent Generator 480 1 Aboveground 5 140 West side of building Fuel for 140 Generator 480 1 Aboveground 6 143 Southeast corner of building in walled enclosure Fuel for 143 Generator 900 1 Aboveground 7 145 Southwest corner of building in walled enclosure Fuel for 145 Generator 900 1 Aboveground 8 86 Double walled integrated tank, south end of building Fuel for Adjacent Generator 380 1 Aboveground 9 74 Right next to generator in double walled tank Fuel for Building Generator 350 1 Aboveground

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/298ee6639d364f93bddb68faa1ed2871/view)