---
layout: default
title: 52000QR260024318 USCGC BAILEY BARCO FM200 INSPECTION
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: fa2599584ac64695a9584958285f583a
---

# 52000QR260024318 USCGC BAILEY BARCO FM200 INSPECTION

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 12:03:21.181-04
- Solicitation Number: 52000QR260024318

## Summary

52000QR260024318 USCGC BAILEY BARCO FM200 INSEPECTION INTENT: Vendor shall receive 02 Chemtron bottles from Coast, Guard cutter Donald Horsley in Galveston, Texas and perform all required maintenance to refurbish bottles, refill and ship to Coast Guard Cutter Bailey Barco in Ketchikan, AK This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information in this notice. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote Number 52000QR260024318 USCGC BAILEY BARCO FM200 INSEPECTION This procurement will be processed in accordance with FAR Part 12. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) is 92216 - Fire Protection. This is total small business set aside; all responsible small business sources may submit proposals that will be considered. This synopsis/solicitation is issued pursuant to FAR 13.106-1(b), and the resultant purchase order will be awarded on a firm-fixed price basis using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR 13. THE UNITED STATED COAST GUARD SURFACE FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER REQUEST THE CONTRACTORS TO PROVIDE PRICING FOR THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENT: The contractor shall provide 52000QR260024318 USCGC BAILEY BARCO FM200 INSEPECTION SCOPE OF WORK CGC BAILEY BARCO EDG SPACE FM200 Bottle Replacement SCOPE Vendor shall receive 02 Chemtron bottles from Coast, Guard cutter Donald Horsley in Galveston, Texas and perform all required maintenance to referbish bottles, refill and ship to Coast Guard Cutter Bailey Barco in Ketchikan, AK BACKGROUND The Chemtron FM200 system on earlier FRCs has been discontinued. The only available source of parts are provided by the FRC fleet itself, sent to a vendor with the capability to refurbish them and send them back out. Technicians must have specific knowledge and experience with this outdated system. REFERENCES CG-DWG-154-WPC_555_201 FIXED FIRE EXTINGUISHING SYSTEM CG-TP-8095_555_A FIRE PROTECTION SYSTEM, FM-200 - DESIGN, INSTALLATION, OPS & SVC MANUAL MPC N31025.D FM200 CYLINDER REPLACE REQUIREMENTS Vendor shall receive 02 Chemtron bottles picked up from Galveston Texas and taken to their repair facility, perform all required maintenance to refurbish bottles, refill them with required amount of agent, to provide a certified repaired bottles, package and ship to CGC Bailey Barco in Ketchikan, AK. Once CGC Bailey Barco has received bottles Barco crew will install on the cutter. For additional information or requirements, please coordinate with SFLC Contact CWO Travis Batman. Travis.j.batman@uscg.mil 207-405-1231 The bottles supplied will be from the Coast Guard in Galveston. There is no suitable alternative at this time other than the original Chemtron 40lb bottles that were installed when the cutter was constructed. Contractor shall pick up bottles at: 3000 Fort Point Rd Galveston, TX 77550 Contractor shall ship repaired bottles to: 1360 Stedman St Ketchikan, AK 99901

5.4 Period of Performance for completion of bottles is 15 MAY 2026. Working hours are Mon-Fri 0730-1600 Parts replaced shall be warrantied against manufacturing and installation defects for a minimum of one year. Contractor shall comply with all required base access / security requirements, and applicable local, state, and federal safety and environmental regulations. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: FAR 52.237-1 Site Visit: Offerors or quoters are urged and expected to inspect the site where services are to be performed and to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance, to the extent that the information is reasonably obtainable. In no event shall failure to inspect the site constitute grounds for a claim after contract award. Controlled Unclassified Information: JCP certification is required for United States (U.S.) or Canadian contractors who wish to obtain access to unclassified technical data disclosing militarily critical technology with military or space application that is under the control of, or in the possession of the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD) or the Canadian Department of National Defense (DND). ORAL MODIFICATION: No oral statement of any person other than the contracting officer shall in any manner or degree, modify, or otherwise affect the terms of this contract. ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA: Criteria evaluated for payment approval. The government will review work in its entirety prior to issuing invoice approval. GOVERNMENT FURNISHED ITEMS AND SERVICES: Utilities: The Government will provide 2 Chemtron 40 LB bottes to be refurbished. CONTRACTOR FURNISHED ITEMS, SERVICES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: General: The Contractor shall furnish all equipment and services required to perform work under this SOW, other than those explicitly addressed in government furnished services. The Contractor shall report to the designated work site on the date specified on the written notification by the Contracting Officer in the form of a signed order. No other individual has the authority to direct the Contractor to begin work, other than a warranted Contracting Officer. Contractor Equipment: vehicles and trucks which holds or can hold hazardous materials that is left on Base Galveston premises must have the Contractor’s contact information placed in the driver’s side window indicating the Emergency Contact Number (answered 24/7/365) for the owner/operator of the vehicle. If a tank is left on the premises, the Emergency Contact Number (answered 24/7/365) for the owner/operator of the tank must be painted on the tank in a prominent location. The government will not assume liability for any vehicles/tanks left on Base Galveston property. The POC will coordinate approved storage locations. General: The Contractor will be required to follow 29 CFR 1915 (OSHA Shipyard Industry Standard), 16 CFR1303, 29 CFR 1910, 29 CFR 1915.1025, 29 CFR 1926.62, 15 U.S.C. 2601, while performing this work at the U.S. Coast Guard Base Galveston. Safety Equipment: The Contractor will provide all required personnel safety equipment for their employees, including, but not limited to, safety helmet and safety glasses with side shields. All safety equipment shall meet OSHA standards. The Contractor shall follow all applicable OSHA guidelines and regulations. EMERGENCY SERVICES: Base Galveston has 24-hour first aid and spill response. If necessary, the Contractor may call the Base Officer of the Day at 409-682-0142 for emergency situations. Injuries shall be reported immediately and followed up with a written report to the COR. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION REQUIREMENTS: Contractor shall abide by all federal, state, and local environmental regulations as published by the Environmental Protection Agency, 40 CFR (series) and any applicable Base Galveston plans/policies: Transport and Disposal: The Contractor must properly remove and dispose of all materials in compliance with applicable Federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. Contractor assumes all responsibility and liability for the transport and proper disposal of materials and in particular the following requirements: If a spill occurs, the Contractor shall notify the Cutter’s Officer of the Day immediately. The Contractor MUST follow Base Galveston Response Plan, when operating on its property. Written notification must be provided to the Base Environmental Specialist, Nick Duin (Nicholas.M.Duin@uscg.mil), of any activity that could potentially cause an environmental violation. Some examples of these activities are: any activity that could result in a spill or discharge into a waterway or introducing a hazardous material into the environment. The Contractor will be solely responsible for the transportation and proper disposal of waste material. Contractor must submit disposal sites to Base Galveston Environmental Department for site approvals and copies of Bill Of Lading or waste manifests. If Contractor elects to use dumpsters for holding or transportation of waste, dumpsters must be covered to prevent waste from becoming airborne. Only the Base Galveston Environmental Dept is authorized to sign hazardous waste manifest. Interested Vendors shall provide product/service details, Product Data Sheet, and cost breakdown IAW SOW for technical review. Vendors shall provide a detailed cost breakdown to include all the specifications to be reviewed by a technical rep. NOTE: The USCG/Government reserves the right to Award on an All or None Basis, i.e., the Government may issue a Purchase Order (PO) to the offeror that submits the lowest aggregate price, rather than issue a PO to each offeror based on the lowest quotation on each item. As stated below, the provision at FAR 52.212-2- Evaluation-Commercial Items-applies with the following addenda: Award of a contract will be based on the following criteria: The purchase order will be awarded as a firm-fixed price contract using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR Part 13.5. 1. Please provide any warranty information. 2. Vendors MUST be registered in www.sam.gov The USCG/Government intends to award a purchase order resulting from this synopsis/solicitation to the responsible contractor whose quote conforms to the solicitation and is most advantageous and the best value to the Government, price and other factors considered. Please Note: Interested Offerors having the expertise as required are invited to submit a Firm Fixed Price quotation in conjunction with attached statement of work that will be considered by the agency. Quotations must be submitted on company letterhead stationery and must include the following information: (1) Cost Breakdown (2) Unit Cost (3) Extended Price (4) Total Price (5) Payment Terms (6) Discount offered for prompt payment (7) Company Unique Entity ID (UEI) and Cage Code.. Quotes must be received no later than APRIL 22, 2026 at 09 A.M. Eastern Standard Time. Email quotes are acceptable and shall be sent to the Contracting Officer, Joshua Miller and Tim Ford at email address TIMOTHY.S.FORD@USCG.MIL and Joshua.N.Miller@uscg.mil. Any questions or concerns regarding any aspect of the RFQ must be forwarded to the Contracting Officer, Joshua Miller and Tim Ford at email address Joshua.N.Miller@uscg.mil and TIMOTHY.S.FORD@USCG.MIL. The following FAR Clauses and Provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 - Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Items (Sep 2023) FAR 52.212-2 - Evaluation - Commercial Items (Nov 2021) Award will be made to the Offeror proposing the Best Value to the Government considering specification, price, past performance and quality. FAR 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (May 2024) to include Alt I (Nov 2021). Offeror shall complete annual representations and certification electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website accessed through https://www.sam.gov. FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions -Commercial Items (Nov 2023) with the following addenda. FAR 52.212-5 - Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items (Jan 2025) FAR 52.252-2 - Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), the full text of the clause may be accessed electronically at https://acquisition.gov. FAR 52.204-7 – System for Award Management (Nov 2024). Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. To facilitate payment via Electronic Funds Transfer - SAM, contractors shall be registered in SAM. A UEI number can be obtained via https://www.dnb.com and SAM registration can be obtained via https://www.sam.gov. The following clauses, and others as directed by the Contracting Officer as applicable, shall apply to this awarded contract: FAR 52.222-3 - Convict Labor (Jun 2003) FAR 52.222-19 - Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan2025) (E.O.13126). FAR 52.222-35 - Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-36 - Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). FAR 52.222-37 - Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-50 - Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). FAR 52.225-1 - Buy American Supplies (Oct 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). (51) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury).FAR 52.232-33 - Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - Systems for Award Management (Oct 2018) FAR 52.233-3 - Protest After Award (Aug 1996) FAR 52.233-4 - Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) NOTE: In addition to the listed clauses, please review the attached FAR Clause Matrix for all clauses applicable to this requirement. *The above/following clauses are incorporated by reference, entire clause(s) available at https://acquisition.gov. NOTICE TO OFFERORS CONCERNING REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS: This solicitation contains FAR Clause 52.204-7, System for Award Management and FAR Provision 52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications. In accordance with FAR 4.1201 (a), prospective contractors shall complete electronic annual representations and certifications via SAM accessed through https://www.sam.gov. Please ensure completion prior to submitting a quote. Paragraph (b) of FAR 52.204-8 applies. System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Additional examples include 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions—Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Timothy ford
  - Email: timothy.s.ford@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: joshua miller
  - Email: JOSHUA.N.MILLER@USCG.MIL
  - Phone: 7576284801

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fa2599584ac64695a9584958285f583a/view)