---
layout: default
title: PATTON HALL NEW STRATEGIC ENGAGEMENT PLATFORM, JOINT BASE MYER-HENDERSON HALL, VA.
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 23f94eacdae441eb858c081a57588a39
---

# PATTON HALL NEW STRATEGIC ENGAGEMENT PLATFORM, JOINT BASE MYER-HENDERSON HALL, VA.

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-13 11:37:25.662-04
- Solicitation Number: W912DR25R17WQ

## Summary

REVISION TO SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE - 17 DECEMBER 2025 PATTON HALL NEW STRATEGIC ENGAGEMENT PLATFORM (DRAFT RFP FEEDBACK) Response Date: COB 10 January 2026 This updated Source Sought Notice (W912DR25R17WQ) requests industry feedback, including questions and comments, regarding the "DRAFT RFP" available in the attachment section of this notice. Interested parties are encouraged to review the attached DRAFT RFP and provide questions and/or comments regarding any aspect of the document. Technical inquiries and questions relating to this Source Sought Notice are to be submitted via Bidder Inquiry in ProjNet at (https://www.projnet.org) No Later Than (NLT) COB, 10 January 2026. To submit and review inquiry items, prospective vendors will need to use the Bidder Inquiry Key presented below and follow the instructions listed below the key for access. A prospective vendor who submits a comment/questions will receive an acknowledgement of the comment/question via email. Another email to the same address will notify the prospective vendor once the reply is available for viewing. The Bidder Inquiring key is: VZYK6D-AFR9UZ Specific Instructions for ProjNet Bid Inquiry Access: From the ProjNet home page linked above, click on Quick Add on the upper right side of the screen. Identify the Agency. This should be marked as USACE. Key: Enter the Bidder Inquiry Key listed above. Email: Enter the email address you would like to use for communication. Click Continue. A page will then open saying that a user account was not found and will ask you to create one using the provided form. Enter your First name, Last name, Company, City, State, Phone, Email, Secret Question, Secret Answer, and Time Zone. Make sure to remember your secret question and answer as they will be used from this point on to access the ProjNet system. Click Add User. Once this is completed you are now registered within ProjNet and are currently logged into the system. Specific Instructions for Future ProjNet Bid Inquiry Access: For future access to ProjNet, you will not be provided any type of password. You will utilize your Secret Question and Secret Answer to login. From the ProjNet home page linked above, click on Quick Add on the upper right side of the screen. Identify the Agency. This should be marked as USACE. Key: Enter the Bidder Inquiry Key listed above. Email: Enter the email address you used to register previously in ProjNet. Click Continue. A page will then open asking you to enter the answer to your Secret Question. Enter you Secret Answer and click Login. Once this is completed you are now logged into the system. The call center operates weekdays from 8AM to 5PM U.S. Central Time Zone (Chicago). The telephone number for the call center is 800-482-HELP. *All interested parties who have NOT previously submitted a response to the associated SAM.gov (Updated 17 Dec. 25) Special Notice W912DR25A033 are HIGHLY encouraged to view the notice and provide feedback according to the instructions NLT 24 December 25. (Updated) Special Notice W912DR25RA033: https://sam.gov/opp/166bb23a2e47461d8a73acc9d35cbc4b/review ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ REVISION TO SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE PATTON HALL NEW STRATEGIC ENGAGEMENT PLATFORM AT JOINT BASE MYER-HENDERSON HALL IN FORT MYER, VA THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS, QUOTATIONS OR BIDS. THERE WILL NOT BE A SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATIONS, OR DRAWINGS AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. By way of this Market Survey/Sources Sought Notice, W912DR25R17WQ, USACE NAB intends to determine the extent of capable firms that are engaged in providing the services described hereunder. Therefore, this Notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP); it does not guarantee the future issuance of an RFP; nor does it commit the Government to contract for any supply or service. Further, USACE NAB will not accept unsolicited proposals. In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 15.201(e), responses to this Notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the U.S. Government to form a binding contract. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor this site for additional information pertaining to this Notice. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this request or any follow-up information requests. All costs associated with responding to this Notice will be solely at the responding party's expense. Responses to this notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. Background. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Baltimore District (NAB) requests capability statements from qualified industry partners. USACE NAB has been tasked to solicit and award a Design-Build Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) construction contract for the construction of Patton Hall Community Club and Conference Center located on Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall (JBMHH), Fort Myer, Virginia. The Baltimore District intends to utilize a Design-Build to Budget methodology in evaluation of proposals. The procurement will be competitive design-build that seeks to optimize the budget in terms of quality, scope, durability, and life-cycle cost. The budget, or the design and construction cost ceiling, and will be disclosed and evaluation will focus on ‘mission critical’ factors and innovative betterments and enhancements within the budget with award to a best solution and not the ‘cheapest’ proposal. The Phase II will include a series of 1-on-1 meetings with each of the shortlisted design-build teams. The draft RFP will be issued to the down-selected firms and through the series of one-on-one proprietary meetings, each offeror will assist with finalizing the final RFP document by providing information for the government to affirm scope, schedule and budget are achievable. A stipend will be provided as a part of the process. In accordance with DFAR 236.204 - Disclosure of the Magnitude of Construction Projects, the magnitude of construction of this project is between $50,000,000 and $100,000,000. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 236220 - “Commercial and Institutional Building Construction”, which has a small business size standard of $45,000,000. NOTE: A sources sought for the Project Labor Agreement (PLA) is forthcoming, on or around 23 June 2025. Project Description. The scope of work will be based on programming requirements such as functions, occupancy and adjacencies. The scope includes design and construction of a new 70,600 SF Community Club and Conference Center. This will involve the demolition of Building 214 except for the Jailhouse. The demising wall of the Jailhouse will be repaired, and the building will be left in its current condition. While improvements to the pool are not required, there may be a need to connect to utilities near the pool area and/or improvements immediately adjacent which may temporarily impact the operation of the pool. The Design-Build Contractor will determine the siting of the new building, the location of the supporting facilities such as parking and utilities as well as staging within the limit of work. Industry Information Requested. Prior Government contract work is not required for submitting a response to this Sources Sought Notice. Responders should address ALL of the following in their submittal: 1. Firm’s name, address, email address, telephone number, UEI number and CAGE code. 2. Indicate if your company is currently registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) database. If not, indicate if it has been registered or does it plan to register. 3. In consideration of NACIS code 236220, with a small business size standard of $45M, indicate your firm’s classified (size): Large Business, Small Business, Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Small Disadvantage Business, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), HUBZone Small Business, or 8(a) Business. 4. For those Prime Contractors interested in this requirement, please provide information demonstrating your firms bonding capability for a single contract action and aggregate, in accordance with the magnitude of construction for this requirement, both expressed in dollars. 5. Provide three (3) projects of similar scope and size that have been completed within the last ten (10) years which demonstration your firm’s success with design-build construction delivery methods. Include the project name; dollar value of the project; description of the key/salient features of the project; identify the contracting office & the customer/user (include POC information). Contractors with unsatisfactory past performance may not be considered capable of successfully performing this type of work. 6. Based upon the above described procurement strategy defined as Design-Build to Budget (DB2B), please provide feedback on this approach to include opportunities and risks, as well as any experience utilizing the same acquisition strategy. Do you think the use of the acquisition strategy will limit competition? What concerns, if any, do you have? 7. For Phase I, what criteria should the Government consider when down-selecting to the three (3) most qualified firms? 8.For Phase II, what criteria should the Government consider when selecting the successful offeror considering all offerors price shall be within budget and trade-off will be weighted more on non-price factors? 9. For a project of this scope and magnitude, the current contract duration is estimated at 1,200 calendar days or 40 months. Is this duration reasonable? Why? Ensure your feedback includes the firm’s name, submitter’s name, phone number, and email address. Comments will be shared with the Government and the Project Delivery Team (PDT) to inform procurement decision but will otherwise be held in strict confidence. Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed requirement are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice NLT 11:00 AM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 18 July 2025. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to Contract Specialists Amber Rose and Robert Ferebee at Amber.L.Rose@usace.army.mil and Robert.L.Ferebee@usace.army.mil and Contracting Officer, Tamara.C.Bonomolo@usace.army.mil. Ensure you reference the Sources Sought Notice number W912DR25R17WQ in the subject line of your email. No feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. If you have questions concerning this opportunity, please contact the Contract Specialists, Amber Rose, Amber.L.Rose@usace.army.mil and Robert Ferebee at Robert.L.Ferebee@usace.army.mil, as well as the Contracting Officer, Tamara Bonomolo at Tamara.C.Bonomolo@usace.army.mil .

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Robert Ferebee
  - Email: robert.l.ferebee@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Tamara Bonomolo
  - Email: tamara.c.bonomolo@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 4109620788

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: of this notice. Interested parties are encouraged to review the attached DRAFT RFP and provide questions and/or comments regarding any aspect of the document. Technical inquiries and questions relating to this Source Sought Notice are to be submitted via Bidder Inquiry in ProjNet at (https://www.projnet.org) No Later Than (NLT) COB, 10 January 2026. To submit and review inquiry items, prospective vendors will need to use the Bidder Inquiry Key presented below and follow the instructions listed below the key for access. A prospective vendor who submits a comment/questions will receive an acknowledgement of the comment/question via email. Another email to the same address will notify the prospective vendor once the reply is available for viewing. The Bidder Inquiring key is: VZYK6D-AFR9UZ Specific Instructions for ProjNet Bid Inquiry Access: From the ProjNet home page linked above, click on Quick Add on the upper right side of the screen. Identify the Agency. This should be marked as USACE. Key: Enter the Bidder Inquiry Key listed above. Email: Enter the email address you would like to use for communication. Click Continue. A page will then open saying that a user account was not found and will ask you to create one using the provided form. Enter your First name, Last name, Company, City, State, Phone, Email, Secret Question, Secret Answer, and Time Zone. Make sure to remember your secret question and answer as they will be used from this point on to access the ProjNet system. Click Add User. Once this is completed you are now registered within ProjNet and are currently logged into the system. Specific Instructions for Future ProjNet Bid Inquiry Access: For future access to ProjNet, you will not be provided any type of password. You will utilize your Secret Question and Secret Answer to login. From the ProjNet home page linked above, click on Quick Add on the upper right side of the screen. Identify the Agency. This should be marked as USACE. Key: Enter the Bidder Inquiry Key listed above. Email: Enter the email address you used to register previously in ProjNet. Click Continue. A page will then open asking you to enter the answer to your Secret Question. Enter you Secret Answer and click Login. Once this is completed you are now logged into the system. The call center operates weekdays from 8AM to 5PM U.S. Central Time Zone (Chicago). The telephone number for the call center is 800-482-HELP. *All interested parties who have NOT previously submitted a response to the associated SAM.gov (Updated 17 Dec. 25) Special Notice W912DR25A033 are HIGHLY encouraged to view the notice and provide feedback according to the instructions NLT 24 December 25. (Updated) Special Notice W912DR25RA033: https://sam.gov/opp/166bb23a2e47461d8a73acc9d35cbc4b/review ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ REVISION TO SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE PATTON HALL NEW STRATEGIC ENGAGEMENT PLATFORM AT JOINT BASE MYER-HENDERSON HALL IN FORT MYER, VA THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS, QUOTATIONS OR BIDS. THERE WILL NOT BE A SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATIONS, OR DRAWINGS AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. By way of this Market Survey/Sources Sought Notice, W912DR25R17WQ, USACE NAB intends to determine the extent of capable firms that are engaged in providing the services described hereunder. Therefore, this Notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP); it does not guarantee the future issuance of an RFP; nor does it commit the Government to contract for any supply or service. Further, USACE NAB will not accept unsolicited proposals. In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 15.201(e), responses to this Notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the U.S. Government to form a binding contract. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor this site for additional information pertaining to this Notice. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this request or any follow-up information requests. All costs associated with responding to this Notice will be solely at the responding party"s expense. Responses to this notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. Background. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Baltimore District (NAB) requests capability statements from qualified industry partners. USACE NAB has been tasked to solicit and award a Design-Build Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) construction contract for the construction of Patton Hall Community Club and Conference Center located on Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall (JBMHH), Fort Myer, Virginia. The Baltimore District intends to utilize a Design-Build to Budget methodology in evaluation of proposals. The procurement will be competitive design-build that seeks to optimize the budget in terms of quality, scope, durability, and life-cycle cost. The budget, or the design and construction cost ceiling, and will be disclosed and evaluation will focus on ‘mission critical’ factors and innovative betterments and enhancements within the budget with award to a best solution and not the ‘cheapest’ proposal. The Phase II will include a series of 1-on-1 meetings with each of the shortlisted design-build teams. The draft RFP will be issued to the down-selected firms and through the series of one-on-one proprietary meetings, each offeror will assist with finalizing the final RFP document by providing information for the government to affirm scope, schedule and budget are achievable. A stipend will be provided as a part of the process. In accordance with DFAR 236.204 - Disclosure of the Magnitude of Construction Projects, the magnitude of construction of this project is between $50,000,000 and $100,000,000. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 236220 - “Commercial and Institutional Building Construction”, which has a small business size standard of $45,000,000. NOTE: A sources sought for the Project Labor Agreement (PLA) is forthcoming, on or around 23 June 2025. Project Description. The scope of work will be based on programming requirements such as functions, occupancy and adjacencies. The scope includes design and construction of a new 70,600 SF Community Club and Conference Center. This will involve the demolition of Building 214 except for the Jailhouse. The demising wall of the Jailhouse will be repaired, and the building will be left in its current condition. While improvements to the pool are not required, there may be a need to connect to utilities near the pool area and/or improvements immediately adjacent which may temporarily impact the operation of the pool. The Design-Build Contractor will determine the siting of the new building, the location of the supporting facilities such as parking and utilities as well as staging within the limit of work. Industry Information Requested. Prior Government contract work is not required for submitting a response to this Sources Sought Notice. Responders should address ALL of the following in their submittal: 1. Firm’s name, address, email address, telephone number, UEI number and CAGE code. 2. Indicate if your company is currently registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) database. If not, indicate if it has been registered or does it plan to register. 3. In consideration of NACIS code 236220, with a small business size standard of $45M, indicate your firm’s classified (size): Large Business, Small Business, Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Small Disadvantage Business, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), HUBZone Small Business, or 8(a) Business. 4. For those Prime Contractors interested in this requirement, please provide information demonstrating your firms bonding capability for a single contract action and aggregate, in accordance with the magnitude of construction for this requirement, both expressed in dollars. 5. Provide three (3) projects of similar scope and size that have been completed within the last ten (10) years which demonstration your firm’s success with design-build construction delivery methods. Include the project name; dollar value of the project; description of the key/salient features of the project; identify the contracting office & the customer/user (include POC information). Contractors with unsatisfactory past performance may not be considered capable of successfully performing this type of work. 6. Based upon the above described procurement strategy defined as Design-Build to Budget (DB2B), please provide feedback on this approach to include opportunities and risks, as well as any experience utilizing the same acquisition strategy. Do you think the use of the acquisition strategy will limit competition? What concerns, if any, do you have? 7. For Phase I, what criteria should the Government consider when down-selecting to the three (3) most qualified firms? 8.For Phase II, what criteria should the Government consider when selecting the successful offeror considering all offerors price shall be within budget and trade-off will be weighted more on non-price factors? 9. For a project of this scope and magnitude, the current contract duration is estimated at 1,200 calendar days or 40 months. Is this duration reasonable? Why? Ensure your feedback includes the firm’s name, submitter’s name, phone number, and email address. Comments will be shared with the Government and the Project Delivery Team (PDT) to inform procurement decision but will otherwise be held in strict confidence. Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed requirement are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice NLT 11:00 AM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 18 July 2025. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to Contract Specialists Amber Rose and Robert Ferebee at Amber.L.Rose@usace.army.mil and Robert.L.Ferebee@usace.army.mil and Contracting Officer, Tamara.C.Bonomolo@usace.army.mil. Ensure you reference the Sources Sought Notice number W912DR25R17WQ in the subject line of your email. No feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. If you have questions concerning this opportunity, please contact the Contract Specialists, Amber Rose, Amber.L.Rose@usace.army.mil and Robert Ferebee at Robert.L.Ferebee@usace.army.mil, as well as the Contracting Officer, Tamara Bonomolo at Tamara.C.Bonomolo@usace.army.mil 

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/23f94eacdae441eb858c081a57588a39/view)