---
layout: default
title: KIMBROUGH AMBULATORY CARE CENTER, FORT MEADE, MD.
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d4d9c03b9f1f45cf88e9f55b5fcfa802
---

# KIMBROUGH AMBULATORY CARE CENTER, FORT MEADE, MD.

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-06 13:53:16.33-05
- Solicitation Number: W912DR26R1BBF

## Summary

KIMBROUGH AMBULATORY CARE CENTER (ACC), FORT MEADE, MD THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS, QUOTATIONS OR BIDS. THERE WILL NOT BE A SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATIONS, OR DRAWINGS AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. By way of this Market Survey/Sources Sought Notice, W912DR26R1BBF, USACE NAB intends to determine the extent of capable firms that are engaged in providing the services described hereunder. Therefore, this Notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP); it does not guarantee the future issuance of an RFP; nor does it commit the Government to contract for any supply or service. Further, USACE NAB will not accept unsolicited proposals. In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 15.101(c)(2), responses to this Notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the U.S. Government to form a binding contract. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor this site for additional information pertaining to this Notice. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this request or any follow-up information requests. All costs associated with responding to this Notice will be solely at the responding party's expense. Responses to this notice will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. Background. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Baltimore District (NAB) requests capability statements from qualified industry partners. USACE NAB has been tasked to solicit and award a Design-Build, Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) construction contract for the construction of Kimbrough Ambulatory Care Center (KACC) located at Fort George G. Meade, Maryland. The magnitude of construction of this project is between $350,000,000 and $500,000,000. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 236220 - “Commercial and Institutional Building Construction”, which has a small business size standard of $45,000,000. NOTE: An Industry Day event is tentatively scheduled for April 27th and 28th at The George H. Fallon Federal Building, located at 31 Hopkins Plaza Baltimore, MD 21201. A forthcoming announcement containing the event details will be posted under Special Notice ID# W912DR26RA033. Project Description. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Baltimore District (NAB), has a requirement for Integrated Design-Build and Initial Outfitting and Transitioning (IDB/IOT) services for a new, turnkey Kimbrough Ambulatory Care Center (KACC) at Fort Meade, Maryland. The objective is to consolidate existing outpatient and dental services into a modern, properly sized, and efficiently configured facility that supports the healthcare and readiness missions of the Fort Meade installation. The new KACC will replace an existing facility that is oversized, contains obsolete building systems, and has failing infrastructure with known hazardous materials. This effort involves the design and construction of a new ACC facility of approximately 156,000 SF, which may consist of a single building or a campus of multiple buildings. As a turnkey delivery, the contractor will be required to purchase and install all office furniture, Audio/Visual equipment, IT infrastructure, Lab Equipment, and physical and electrical security systems in accordance with all applicable medical Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC) and Defense Health Agency (DHA) standards. The transition effort includes developing operational plans for the new space, training staff on updated equipment and workflows, coordinating patient?move or appointment?transition logistics, managing decisions on equipment and furniture, and executing the final go?live of the facility The new facility will accommodate a wide range of services, including primary care, dental care, behavioral health, optometry, musculoskeletal services, audiology and hearing conservation, specialty services, preventative medicine, laboratory, radiology, and pharmacy. The scope also includes the design and construction of support infrastructure, such as a Central Utility Plant (CUP), site utilities, site improvements, parking, and signage. This undertaking must deliver a barrier-free design in full accordance with the Architectural Barriers Act (ABA) Accessibility Standard and the DEPSECDEF Memorandum “Access for People with Disabilities” dated October 31, 2008. It must also integrate Antiterrorism/Force Protection (AT/FP) measures, environmental protection measures, and will include the eventual demolition of the antiquated existing buildings. A key consideration is the continuity of operations, as the new facility will be constructed adjacent to the current, fully operational medical center. All existing infrastructure and clinical services must remain fully functional throughout the construction period, requiring a carefully phased design and construction plan. This work also requires a temporary swing space of approximately 12,000 SF, to be achieved either through renovations to Building 2480 or the installation of modular buildings on-site. Industry Information Requested. Prior Government contract work is not required for submitting a response to this Sources Sought Notice. Responders should address ALL of the following in their submittal: Firm’s name, address, email address, telephone number, UEI number and CAGE code. Indicate if your company is currently registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) database. If not, indicate if it has been registered or does it plan to register. In consideration of NAICS code 236220, with a small business size standard of $45M, indicate your firm’s classified (size): Large Business, Small Business, Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Small Disadvantaged Business, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), HUBZone Small Business, or 8(a) Business. For those Prime Contractors interested in this requirement, please provide information demonstrating your firm’s bonding capability for a single contract action and aggregate, in accordance with the magnitude of construction for this requirement, both expressed in dollars. Provide three (3) projects of similar scope and size that have been completed within the last ten (10) years which demonstrate your firm’s success with Design-Build and/or Integrated Design-Build with Initial Outfitting and Transitioning delivery methods. Include the project name; dollar value of the project; description of the key/salient features of the project; identify the contracting office & the customer/user (include POC information). The Government may verify information in Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS). Contractors with unsatisfactory past performance may not be considered capable of successfully performing this type of work. Based on the project's scope, scale, and budget, which delivery method (e.g., Traditional Design-Bid-Build, Progressive Design-Build, Design Build Done Right) does your firm recommend for a successful completion? Please provide a comprehensive rationale justifying how your recommended approach will deliver the best value to the Government. This project may incorporate the Integrated Design-Build and Initial Outfitting and Transitioning (IDB/IOT) delivery method Integrated Design?Build and Initial Outfitting & Transitioning (IDB/IOT) is a delivery method in which one team is responsible for designing and constructing a facility including planning, procuring, and installing all medical/operational equipment, move management, activation planning, training, and operational readiness to ensure a seamless transition from the old into the new facility. Does your firm have any experience utilizing this method on federal or military medical facility projects? This project necessitates a phased construction approach to maintain continuous operation of the existing facility. Please provide feedback regarding your team's past experience in managing projects requiring site construction phasing. For a project of this scope and magnitude, the current contract duration is estimated at 24 months for design and 36 months for construction. Is this duration reasonable? Why or why not? If not, what would be your suggestion for the design and construction duration. Ensure your feedback includes the firm’s name, submitter’s name, phone number, and email address. Comments will be shared with the Government and the Project Delivery Team (PDT) to inform procurement decision but will otherwise be held in strict confidence. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL, QUOTE OR BID. It is a market research tool being utilized to determine the availability of potential qualified contractors before determining the method of acquisition. In addition, this Sources Sought Notice is not to be considered as a commitment by the Government, not will the Government pay for any information solicited or delivered. Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed requirement are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice NLT 04:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 06 April 2026. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to Contract Specialist Robert Ferebee at Robert.L.Ferebee@usace.army.mil and Contracting Officer, Tamara.C.Bonomolo@usace.army.mil. Ensure you reference the Sources Sought Notice number W912DR26R1BBF in the subject line of your email. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged. No feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. If you have questions concerning this opportunity, please contact the Contract Specialist Robert Ferebee at Robert.L.Ferebee@usace.army.mil, as well as Contracting Officer, Tamara Bonomolo at Tamara.C.Bonomolo@usace.army.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Robert Ferebee
  - Email: robert.l.ferebee@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Tamara Bonomolo
  - Email: tamara.c.bonomolo@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d4d9c03b9f1f45cf88e9f55b5fcfa802/view)