---
layout: default
title: Z1DA--Project 537-26-702 Chicago, IL. EHRM DDPO Installation
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: abd6c84bf84642e7b81100e24104434d
---

# Z1DA--Project 537-26-702 Chicago, IL. EHRM DDPO Installation

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-25 10:06:10.854-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C77626Q0150
- Awardee: null

## Summary

INTRODUCTION: This Sources Sought Notice is for market research and information purposes only at this time and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). The Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration (VHA), Program Contracting Activity Central (PCAC) is conducting a market survey and is seeking potential sources for the EHRM DDPO Installation at the Jesse Brown VA Medical Center located in Chicago, IL. PROJECT DESCRIPTION: The contractor shall furnish all labor, materials and equipment to prepare the site identified on the Jesse Brown VA campus for the installation of additional data drops, power outlets and equipment bracing for equipment deployment of the Electronic Health Record (EHR). The contractor shall provide and install normal and emergency power outlets, data drops, and required equipment bracing to support EHR equipment deployment on the Jesse Brown VA campus as shown and described in the project drawings and specifications. A list of data drops and power outlets is provided in the statement of work. PLEASE NOTE: The contractor is responsible for damage caused by his actions to the walls, floors, ceilings, and roofs. The contractor whose work causes damage is responsible for patching to match original construction, fire rating, and finish. Also, when existing electrical systems are in areas that conflict with new equipment, piping, or ductwork to be installed, the contractor shall either arrange new equipment, conduit, or ductwork in such a fashion that it does not conflict with existing systems, or rework existing electrical systems to allow for installation of new equipment, piping, or ductwork. Moreover, the contractor shall obtain approval from the COR before turning off the power to equipment, systems, panels, etc. affected by the installation of new devices. Essentially, the contractor must coordinate all outages with the COR. The contractor shall verify accessibility to the area of his/her work and shall notify the COR prior to providing a proposal/quote/bid if other utilities are required to be removed or relocated to allow access to his/her area of work. Where existing electrical systems are in areas that conflict with new equipment, piping, or ductwork to be installed, the contractor shall either arrange new equipment, conduit, or ductwork in such a fashion that it does not conflict with existing systems, or rework existing electrical systems to allow for installation of new equipment, piping, or ductwork. The contractor shall be responsible for all openings required in walls. All openings shall be repaired to match existing by a qualified contractor at the expense of this contractor. All conduits through walls shall be grouted or sealed into openings. Devices within or adjacent to the path of construction shall be protected in place. Devices that must be removed shall be tested prior to removal, protected from damage, and re-installed in their original location. Existing conditions are shown based on information obtained from field surveys, existing building documents, and staff. Not all existing equipment and conduit are shown. The contractor should verify existing conditions and report any conflicts before proceeding. The contractor shall verify all furniture, modular furniture, and equipment locations with architectural plans, elevations, and reviewed shop drawings. Prior to making the actual electrical installation, the contractor shall adjust receptacles, outlets, or connection locations to accommodate furniture and/or equipment. The contractor shall flush mount all receptacles at the existing height of other receptacles in the room, except where otherwise noted. Further, receptacles and outlets may be surface mounted when conduit is specified exposed. Additionally, electrical and technology equipment shall be mounted to avoid impedance of, operation of, and/or access to electrical and mechanical equipment. All mounting of electrical and telecommunications equipment on equipment supplied by another contractor shall be approved in advance by the other contractor. The contractor shall flush mount all telecommunication outlets at +18" from floor (centerline dimension). Outlets may be surface mounted when conduit is specified exposed where required when telecommunication outlets are to be mounted in concrete walls. The contractor shall coordinate with the COR for installation work performed in a high-risk area. Work that shall be completed after hours and on weekends must be approved by COR. It is highly recommended that offerors verify field conditions in a site visit during the solicitation of this project. PROCUREMENT INFORMATION: The proposed project will be a competitive, firm-fixed-price contract utilizing the design-bid-build approach (Final Specifications and Drawings will be provided). The results and analysis of the market research will finalize the determination of the procurement method. The type of socio-economic set-aside, if any, will depend upon the responses to this notice and any other information gathered during the market research process. This project is planned for advertising in 3rd quarter of this fiscal year. In accordance with VAAR 836.204, the magnitude of construction is between $250,000.00 and $500,000.00. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 236220 (size standard $45.0 million) applies to this procurement. The duration of the project is currently estimated at 60 calendar days from the issuance of a Notice to Proceed. The services for this project will include providing all construction-related services such as providing labor, materials and equipment required to complete the project as per contract documents. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Respondents shall provide a general capabilities statement to include the following information: Section 1: Provide company name, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), company address, Point-of-Contact name, phone number and email. Section 2: Provide company business size based on NAICS code 236220. Also, provide business type (i.e., Large Business, Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Women-Owned Small Business, Hub Zone Small Business, etc.). Section 3: Provide a Statement of Interest in the project. Section 4: Provide the prime contractor s available bonding capacity in the form of a letter of intent from your bonding company with this submission. *Please ensure that the individual bonding capacity is in line with the VAAR Magnitude of Construction listed above. Section 5: Provide the type of work your company has performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement. This section is IMPORTANT as it will help to determine the type of socio-economic set-aside, if any. Please provide the following in your response: No more than three (3) contracts that your company has performed within the last seven (7) years that are of comparable size, complexity, and scope to this requirement. Include the project name, project owner and contact information as this person may be contacted for further information, project scope, project size (Example: square footage), building use (Example: Medical Facility, Office Building, etc.), project dollar value, start and completion dates. Provide specific examples that relate aspects of previous projects to the proposed project. Describe specific technical skills and key personnel your company possess to perform the requirements described under description of work. Describe your Self-Performed** effort (as either a Prime or Subcontractor). Describe Self-Performed work in terms of dollar value and description. **Self-Performed means work performed by the offeror themselves, NOT work performed by another company for them for any of the project examples provided. It is requested that interested contractors submit a response (electronic submission) of no more than eight (8) single sided pages, single-spaced, 12-point font minimum that addresses the above information. This response must be submitted as a single application-generated (not scanned) PDF document that is less than or equal to 4MB in size. Please note that hard copies will not be accepted. Please also include a cover page, which includes, at a minimum: the company s name, address, Unique Entity Identifier (if available), socio-economic status, point-of-contact name, phone number, and e-mail address. Responses must include the Sources Sought number and project title in the subject line of their e-mail response. Submissions (responses) shall be submitted via email to the primary and secondary points of contact listed below by Friday, April 3, 2026 at 12:00 PM EST. Phone calls are encouraged during market research. The Capabilities Statement submitted in response to this Sources Sought shall not be considered to be a bid or proposal. This notice is for information and planning purposes only and is neither to be construed as a commitment by the Government nor will the Government pay for information solicited. No evaluation letters and/or results will be issued to the respondents. After completing its analyses, the Government will determine whether to limit competition among the small business categories listed above or proceed with full and open competition as other than small business. At this time no solicitation exists; therefore, please do not request a copy of the solicitation. If a solicitation is released it will be synopsized in Contract Opportunities at https://sam.gov/. It is the potential offeror's responsibility to monitor this site for the release of any solicitation or synopsis. Contracting Office Address: VHA Program Contracting Activity Central (VHA-PCAC) 6100 Oak Tree Blvd. Suite 490 Independence, OH 44131 Primary Point of Contact: Doniver G. Hamilton Contract Specialist Doniver.Hamilton@va.gov Secondary Point of Contact: Joelle M. Mascarenas Contracting Officer Joelle.Mascarenas@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Doniver G. Hamilton
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Doniver.Hamilton@va.gov
  - Phone: (216) 791-3800 ext.11379

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/abd6c84bf84642e7b81100e24104434d/view)