---
layout: default
title: M72 Light Assault Weapon (LAW) Variants and Shoulder Launched Munitions (SLM) Components
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 6d981652ec3a4276aaf2182842bd1b1e
---

# M72 Light Assault Weapon (LAW) Variants and Shoulder Launched Munitions (SLM) Components

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 09:43:03.759-04
- Solicitation Number: W15QKN-26-X-1BJF

## Summary

INTRODUCTION The U.S. Army Contracting Command New Jersey (ACC-NJ) on behalf of the U.S. Army Project Manager Close Combat Systems (PM CCS) is issuing this sources sought synopsis as a means of conducting market research to identify potential sources having an interest and industry technologies available to support/provide the M72-series Light Assault Weapon (LAW) and its variants. Technical Data Packages (TDPs) will not be made available. This effort will be a production program supporting Army and Marine Corps ammunition stockpile requirements for M72 LAW and its variants, the M72AS Sub-caliber Trainer Launcher, the M72AS Sub-caliber Trainer Rocket, and the Components for Shoulder Launched Munitions Training Systems (SLM). The period of performance (POP) of this requirement is expected to be 2-5 years and will result in a Firm Fixed Price Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity contract. The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of procurement, if a requirement materializes. Based on the responses, this requirement may be set-aside for small businesses (in full or in part) or procured through full and open competition or other than full and open competition. All small business set-aside categories will be considered. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding submissions. DISCLAIMER THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) TO BE SUBMITTED. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPTION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. PROGRAM BACKGROUND The M72-series (LAW) is a 66mm man-portable, lightweight, self-contained, direct shoulder fired weapon that is issued as a round of ammunition. REQUIRED CAPABILITIES 1) M72A7 LAW with Graze Fuze Function and Night Vision Device (NVD) Mount, NSN: 1340-01-497-7630 (DODIC HA29). The M72A7 LAW utilizes a shaped charge warhead, is used against light armored targets and can only be fired in the open field environment. 2) M72A8 LAW Fire from Enclosure and NVD Mount, NSN: 1340-01-650-6436 (DODIC HB26). The M72E8 LAW utilizes a shaped charge warhead with base detonating fuze, is used against light armored targets and can be fired from within an enclosure. 3) M72A9 LAW Anti-Structure Munition and NVD Mount, NSN: 1340-01-538-4308 (DODIC HA48). The M72A9 LAW has the capability to penetrate brick, adobe, concrete block, and urban terrain walls, doors and windows in most common Military Operations and can only be fired in the open field environment. 4) M72A10 LAW Fire from Enclosure Anti-Structure Munition and NVD Mount, NSN: 1340-01-650-6472 (DODIC HB25). The M72E10 LAW contains an enhanced explosives warhead with base detonating fuze, has the capability to penetrate brick, adobe, concrete block, and urban terrain walls and can be fired from within an enclosure. 5) M72AS Trainer Launchers, P/N 51670-9, NSN 1055-01-495-0009. The M72AS trainer launcher is the training system for the M72 weapon system. 6) M72AS 21mm Subcaliber Training Rockets, NSN 1340-01-482-5049 (DODIC HA21). The 21mm Training rocket is the ammunition for the M72AS training system. 7) M72AS 21mm Subcaliber Inert Trainer, NSN 1340-01-533-8258 (DODIC HA46). The Inert Training rocket is a classroom tool for the M72AS training system. 8) Components for Shoulder Launched Munitions Training Systems (various). SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Any resulting contract is anticipated to have a security classification level of UNCLASSIFIED. Any resulting contract shall be compliant with the specialty metals restriction of the Berry Amendment (10 U.S.C. 2533a and 2533b) in accordance with DFARS clauses 252.225-7008 and 252.225-7009. ELIGIBILITY The North American Industry Classification (NAICS) Code is 332993, Ammunition (Except Small Arms) Manufacturing with a Small Business Size Standard of 1,500 employees. The Product Service Code (PSC) is 1310 – Ammunition, over 30mm through 75mm. Includes: Complete Rounds; Explosive Components, Including Warheads; Pyrotechnic Rockets; Solid Fuel JATO Units; Rocket Motors (Solid Propellant Units) for Rockets; Covers, Protective Rocket Warhead; Jettisonable Rocket Launchers; Conditioning Kits and Sets, Controlled Environment; and other peculiar components which are not classified elsewhere. Excludes: Nuclear rockets, Nuclear warheads; all other warheads for use on other than rockets; and rockets with built-in guiding devices. SUBMISSION DETAILS Interested businesses should submit a brief capabilities statement package (no more than ten

8.5 X 11 inch pages, font no smaller than 10 point) demonstrating ability to provide the products/systems listed in this Technical Description / Required Capabilities as listed above. Documentation should be in bullet format. The response shall indicate how the interested party(ies) have achieved a level of technical maturity such that they are capable of meeting the above requirements and successfully completing a Government Qualification program without additional research and development. Provide a description of facilities/equipment to include testing ranges with instrumentation, manufacturing processes, inspection capability to include compliance with International Standards Organization 9001:2008 or equivalent, personnel, past experience, current production capabilities (including minimum sustainable and maximum attainable monthly production rates of the above described munition/s or any munition similar to the M72). Also, provide description of approximate delivery of each item after award and production rates. No phone or email solicitations with regards to the status of the RFP will be accepted prior to its release. If your organization has the potential capacity to provide the required products/systems, please provide the following information: 1) Business size, 2) Organization name, address, primary points of contact (POCs) and their email address, FAX, Web site address, telephone number, and type of ownership for the organization; and 3) Tailored capability statements addressing the requirements of this notice, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. Identify if all requirements can be met. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. Please address if your company is currently providing similar services to another government agency or other non-government customer? If so, please identify the agency or non-government customer. If you are unwilling to share your customer's identity, please address whether your company offers the same or similar services commercially (outside the federal Government.). If you elect to identify your past and current customers to which you provided similar products, include the customers/company name and point of contact, phone number and address/e-mail where they can be contacted. 4) Interested companies should respond by providing the Government the following information: a brief summary of the company's capabilities (a description of facilities, personnel, and past manufacturing experience as it relates to the above criteria) and availability. 5) Interested companies should provide minimum and maximum monthly production capability (and if manufacturing resources are shared with other item/production lines). Additionally, it is requested that respondents provide the Minimum Procurement Quantity (MPQ) required for economical production. 6) Due to current global supply chain and other factors, respondents are asked to identify any components or materials that may be subject to price volatility or scarcity and address what their firm is doing to mitigate risk related to obtaining materials, price impacts, and production stability. 7) A respondent to this survey should be able to show adequate technical and manufacturing capability and satisfactory past performance in the explosives processing industry. A respondent to this market survey/sources sought must have available a majority of the skills and facilities that are required to manufacture this item. If a respondent does not have the adequate resources (technical, manufacturing, personnel, etc.) available, the respondent must be able to describe and demonstrate his or her ability to obtain these resources in a timely fashion to meet immediate Government/FMS requirements. If a respondent chooses to utilize the services of sub-tier vendors or subcontractors, those vendors or subcontractors must also meet these criteria. All contractors interested in this potential future solicitation must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) Database. Market Research means collecting and analyzing information about capabilities within the market to satisfy agency needs. The Government will utilize the information provided only to develop the acquisition strategy for future requirements that may materialize, including Foreign Military Sales (FMS) requirements. Once a notional acquisition strategy is prepared based on the collection and analysis of responses, the Government must seek a myriad of approvals to proceed with that strategy (e.g. Full & Open Competition vice Sole Source) and prepare the resultant Request for Proposal. If the Government’s strategy is misinformed by the responses, or lack thereof, collected and analyzed in response to this Sources Sought, significant delays related to source selection and requirements for submission of certified cost and price data to conduct a cost analysis and any applicable DCAA audits may be realized. Interested contractors that currently possess the capabilities to produce these items are encouraged to respond with their capability statements or otherwise respond affirming that they are NOT interested in this requirement, with rationale. Interested contractors that do not currently possess the capabilities to produce these items are encouraged to respond with their capability statements, however it is imperative that the response be thorough and reflect the company’s true intent and commitment to obtain the resources to become a successful manufacturer. All of these considerations will impact the Government’s strategy and may ultimately impart significant delays and administrative burdens on contractors seeking a contract award should that strategy be incorrect. Your response to this Sources Sought, including any capabilities statement, shall be electronically submitted in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF), to the Contract Specialist, Kristin Firozvi, via email kristin.a.firozvi.civ@army.mil and Contracting Officer, Yolie Davila, via email yolie.m.davila.civ@army.mil no later than 5:00 p.m. EDT on 27 April 2026 and reference this synopsis number in subject line of e-mail and on all enclosed documents. Information and materials submitted in response to this request WILL NOT be returned. DO NOT SUBMIT CLASSIFIED MATERIAL. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Yolie M. Davila
  - Email: yolie.m.davila.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5206696967
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kristin Firozvi
  - Email: kristin.a.firozvi.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5206697787

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6d981652ec3a4276aaf2182842bd1b1e/view)