---
layout: default
title: Marketplace for Acquisition of Professional Services (MAPS)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: a98d0cfaf56f489194ee58ab9a6a4de6
---

# Marketplace for Acquisition of Professional Services (MAPS)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 15:09:43.531-04
- Solicitation Number: W15P7T-26-R-A006

## Summary

UPDATE: This notice announces the issuance of Amendment 0003 to the MAPS Solicitation (Solicitation W15P7T26RA006). The following documents are attached for your review: A summary of key changes The amended solicitation document All amended attachments For Attachments please note the following: Small Business, Emerging Large Business and Large Business Offerors shall utilize and submit with its proposal Attachment 0002 Amendment 03. Commercial-Sector Vendor Offerors shall utilize and submit with its proposal Attachment 0002 Amendment 02. Offerors shall utilize and submit with its proposal Attachment 0003 Amendment 03, unless the QP is LOE-Based. If LOE-Based QP, Offerors may use Attachment 0003 Amendment 02. The Army is projecting release of all answers to submitted questions by Friday, April 24th. UPDATE: We received questions regarding Attachment 0003 AMD 02 Qualifying Project Form, specifically a functionality error prompted when printing the form to PDF. While this has not been experienced universally for Offerors, we located the reason originating from the checkbox function associated with Items 003 and 021 on the form. If the Offeror did not experience this issue or was able to work around the error message, there is no need to use this version of Attachment 0003 AMD 02 Form with your submission. UPDATE: We received questions regarding Attachment 0003 AMD 02 Qualifying Project Form, specifically the functionality of wrapped text on part 2. This has been corrected and can be found in the Attachment/Links section of this posting. UPDATE: This notice annouces the issuance of Amendment 0002 to the MAPS Solicitation (Solicitation W15P7T26RA006). The following documents are attached for your review: A summary of key changes The amended solicitation document All ammended attachments UPDATE: This notice annouces the issuance of Amendment 0001 to the MAPS Solicitation (Solicitation W15P7T26RA006). The following documents are attached for your review: A summary of key changes The amended solicitation document All ammended attachments Army Contracting Command-Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG), in support of the Capability Program Executive (CPE) Enterprise Software and Service (ES2) (formerly known as Program Executive Office (PEO) Enterprise), intends to award a Multiple Award (MA) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract, MAPS. This is the follow-on and combination of the ACC-APG Responsive Strategic Sourcing for Services (RS3) and Product Lead (PL) Digital Market’s Information Technology Enterprise Solutions – 3 Services (ITES-3S) IDIQ Contract Vehicles. The objective of the MAPS IDIQ contract is to provide Army customers, Portfolio Acquisition Executives (PAE), CPEs, Department of War (DoW) agencies, and other federal agencies with uncommon knowledge-based professional services and support the Army enterprise infrastructure and infostructure goals with information technology (IT) services worldwide (inside the contiguous United States (CONUS) and outside the contiguous United States (OCONUS)), including hostile areas. By combining these vehicles, the Army aims to enhance flexibility, reduce redundancy, and improve cost-efficiency in acquiring uncommon knowledge-based professional services. This integration will also ensure a unified approach in meeting the Army’s evolving technology and strategic needs, thus optimizing mission readiness and effectiveness. Please note, due to system constraints within sam.gov it only allowed one NAICS to be identified; however, this acquisition contains five primary NAICS codes as identified in the solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: ACC-APG Email Box
  - Email: usarmy.apg.acc.mbx.acc-apg-maps-contracting-office@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Amendment 03. Commercial-Sector Vendor Offerors shall utilize and submit with its proposal Attachment 0002 Amendment 02. Offerors shall utilize and submit with its proposal Attachment 0003 Amendment 03, unless the QP is LOE-Based. If LOE-Based QP, Offerors may use Attachment 0003 Amendment 02. The Army is projecting release of all answers to submitted questions by Friday, April 24th. UPDATE: We received questions regarding Attachment 0003 AMD 02 Qualifying Project Form, specifically a functionality error prompted when printing the form to PDF. While this has not been experienced universally for Offerors, we located the reason originating from the checkbox function associated with Items 003 and 021 on the form. If the Offeror did not experience this issue or was able to work around the error message, there is no need to use this version of Attachment 0003 AMD 02 Form with your submission. UPDATE: We received questions regarding Attachment 0003 AMD 02 Qualifying Project Form, specifically the functionality of wrapped text on part 2. This has been corrected and can be found in the Attachment/Links section of this posting. UPDATE: This notice annouces the issuance of Amendment 0002 to the MAPS Solicitation (Solicitation W15P7T26RA006). The following documents are attached for your review: A summary of key changes The amended solicitation document All ammended attachments UPDATE: This notice annouces the issuance of Amendment 0001 to the MAPS Solicitation (Solicitation W15P7T26RA006). The following documents are attached for your review: A summary of key changes The amended solicitation document All ammended attachments Army Contracting Command-Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG), in support of the Capability Program Executive (CPE) Enterprise Software and Service (ES2) (formerly known as Program Executive Office (PEO) Enterprise), intends to award a Multiple Award (MA) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract, MAPS. This is the follow-on and combination of the ACC-APG Responsive Strategic Sourcing for Services (RS3) and Product Lead (PL) Digital Market’s Information Technology Enterprise Solutions – 3 Services (ITES-3S) IDIQ Contract Vehicles. The objective of the MAPS IDIQ contract is to provide Army customers, Portfolio Acquisition Executives (PAE), CPEs, Department of War (DoW) agencies, and other federal agencies with uncommon knowledge-based professional services and support the Army enterprise infrastructure and infostructure goals with information technology (IT) services worldwide (inside the contiguous United States (CONUS) and outside the contiguous United States (OCONUS)), including hostile areas. By combining these vehicles, the Army aims to enhance flexibility, reduce redundancy, and improve cost-efficiency in acquiring uncommon knowledge-based professional services. This integration will also ensure a unified approach in meeting the Army’s evolving technology and strategic needs, thus optimizing mission readiness and effectiveness. Please note, due to system constraints within sam.gov it only allowed one NAICS to be identified; however, this acquisition contains five primary NAICS codes as identified in the solicitation

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a98d0cfaf56f489194ee58ab9a6a4de6/view)