---
layout: default
title: Service Agreement for CIF’s Zeiss LSM 880 Confocal Microscope
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 0fa159a386984e5eb52f8c9efaa7ebf0
---

# Service Agreement for CIF’s Zeiss LSM 880 Confocal Microscope

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-20 12:01:19.541-04
- Solicitation Number: 75N98026Q00227

## Summary

PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE – Notice of Intent to Sole Source 1. SOLICITATION NUMBER: 75N98026Q00227 2. TITLE: Service Agreement for CIF’s Zeiss LSM 880 Confocal 3. RESPONSE DATE: April 30, 2026, at 1:00 P.M. EDT 4. PRIMARY POINT OF CONTACT: John Johnson johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov 667-312-5580 INTRODUCTION: THIS IS A PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE NOTICE OF INTENT SYNOPSIS TO AWARD A CONTRACT WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION. The National Institute on Aging (NIA), intends to negotiate and award a purchase order without providing for full and open competition to Carl Zeiss Microscopy, LLC. The purpose of this acquisition will be to provide the National Institute on Aging (NIA) The Proper function of the Zeiss LSM 880 confocal microscope system with Airyscan 2 is essential for the research program and goals of the intramural program (IRP) of the NIA. Only expert and dedicated personnel who were trained to service Zeiss LSM 880 confocal microscopes have the necessary expertise, hardware, and software to properly maintain this delicate equipment, and provide software and hardware upgrades. II. NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE and SET ASIDE STATUS NAICS code 811210 – Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance with a business size standard classification of $34 M. This acquisition is NOT set aside for small businesses. III. REGULATORY AUTHORITY Simplified Procedures for Certain Commercial Items and FAR subpart 12—Acquisition of Commercial Items at an amount exceeding the SAT, and not exceeding $7 million. IV. STATUTORY AUTHORITY Simplified Procedures for Certain Commercial Items and the statutory authority of [specify the applicable authority: (1) FAR 6.302-1—Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements 41 U.S.C. 3304 (a)(1). V. DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT: A. PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this acquisition will be to provide the National Institute on Aging (NIA) with the Proper function of the Zeiss LSM 880 confocal microscope system with Airyscan 2 is essential for the research program and goals of the intramural program (IRP) of the NIA. Only expert and dedicated personnel who were trained to service Zeiss LSM 880 confocal microscopes have the necessary expertise, hardware and software to properly maintain this delicate equipment, and provide software and hardware upgrades. . B. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: NIA anticipates a fixed price purchase order. The estimated period of performance shall be as follows: 6/23/2026-6/22/2027. C. PROJECT REQUIREMENTS: The Contractor shall provide the NIA with maintenance and repair support for the following: Carl Zeiss Microscopy, LLC: Protect premium LSM 880 (34 Ch.)STX140 serial no. 6679 Protect premium Research Microscope motSTX140 serial no. 6974 Protect premium Airyscan Protect premium 405/440nm CW Laser Protect premium UV Gas or Diode Laser Independently and not as an agent of the Government, the Contractor shall furnish all the necessary services, qualified personnel, material, equipment, and facilities, not otherwise provided by the Government as needed to perform the Statement of Work, including, but not limited to: Contractor shall provide preventative maintenance including safety inspection, operation inspection, and adjustment, including travel and labor for Zeiss LSM 880 system, Serial# 2802000303 All covered replacement parts: ZEISS Hardware: Microscope Axio Observer 7; Scan Module(s); Spectral Detectors GAsP and PMTs; NDDs; Laser Module(s) including 405/440nm CW Laser; Electronics Controller; System Table, Colibri Source and Detectors, Airyscan Detector, UV Gas Laser. ZEISS will provide the covered replacement parts required to perform the Service(s) (“Part(s)”). Part(s) may be new or rebuilt, at ZEISS’s discretion, but will always meet original Equipment specifications . SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS: LEVEL OF EFFORT: Independently and not as an agent of the Government, the Contractor shall furnish all the necessary services, qualified personnel, material, equipment, and facilities, not otherwise provided by the Government as needed to perform this Statement of Work.incubators GOVERNMENT RESPONSIBILITIES When the Contractor is on-site for maintenance and repair support provision, The government will provide workspace, desktop computers and telephones for the Carl Zeiss Microscopy, LLC service technician. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS The contractor shall provide written reports which detail all repair and annual maintenance on a quarterly basis. VI. CONTRACTING WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME) DETERMINATION The determination by the Government to award a contract without providing for full and open competition is based upon the market research conducted. Specifically, Carl Zeiss Microscopy, LLC is the only vendor in the marketplace that can provide the services required by NIA. The equipment is proprietary to its manufacturer, Carl Zeiss Microscopy, LLC and this company is the sole provider of maintenance for this equipment. In accordance with FAR part 10, extensive market research was conducted to reach this determination. Additionally, contacts with knowledgeable individuals both in industry and Government, as well as reviews of available product literature, revealed no other sources. Finally, a review of the GSA Advantage, Dynamic Small Business Search, and previous government acquisitions returned no results that meet all of the requirements. Therefore, only Carl Zeiss Microscopy, LLC is capable of meeting the needs of this requirement. The intended source is: Carl Zeiss Microscopy, LLC One North Broadway White Plains 10601-2310 VII. CLOSING STATEMENT THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE PROPOSALS. However, interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to this notice. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency. The information received will normally be considered solely for the purposes of determining whether to proceed on a non-competitive basis or to conduct a competitive procurement. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. Responses to this notice shall contain sufficient information to establish the interested parties' bona-fide capabilities for fulfilling the requirement and include: unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, the delivery period after contract award, the prompt payment discount terms, the F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), the Dun & Bradstreet Number (DUNS), the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. All responses must be received by the closing date and time of this announcement and must reference the solicitation number, 75N98026Q00227. Responses must be submitted electronically to John Johnson, Contract Specialist, johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov .

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: john johnson
  - Email: johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov
  - Phone: 6673125580

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0fa159a386984e5eb52f8c9efaa7ebf0/view)