---
layout: default
title: DSCR - Elk Pasture - Dry Swale 3 Project
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 39bb2e78d391422aa7a1ec721dc5c5dd
---

# DSCR - Elk Pasture - Dry Swale 3 Project

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-17 13:04:09.782-04
- Solicitation Number: SP470326Q0026

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercially available services prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12, and supplemented with additional information included in this notice. The solicitation number SP470326Q0026 is issued as a request for quote(RFQ). Award will be made to the Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable offeror. The resulting contract will be a firm-fixed price award with an expected Period of Performance of 60 days from issuance of notice to proceed. Disclosure of magnitude: the estimated magnitude of the award is between $125,000.00 - $175,000.00 This acquisition is set-aside for 100% small business. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 238910 (SITE PREPARATION CONTRACTORS). The small business size standard is $19M. Department of Labor Wage Determination based on location of the service provided (Chesterfield County, VA). Partial proposals will not be accepted. A site visit will be held on 04/02/2026 @ 10:00. See "Additional Details" below for full text for parties interested in attending the site visit. Please note: Parties interested in attending the site visit MUST be vetted through security prior to the date of the site visit - vetting can take 5 business days, interested parties should plan accordingly. Deadline for questions is COB 04/06/2026 - submit questions via email to the contracting officer, Robert Moragues<Robert.Moragues@dla.mil> All Questions and Answers will be publicly posted, as a single attachment, to the same notice id on SAM.gov as the solicitation. Generally, answers will be posted to SAM.gov within 2 working days of the deadline for questions. Deadline for quote is COB 04/17/2026. Acceptable method of quote: Email to contracting officer Robert Moragues <Robert.Moragues@dla.mil> ******************************Specific Requirements******************* For an offer to be considered for award, the contractor must own, possess, or otherwise control a bona fide place of business from which mobilization occurs within 125 miles of Defense Supply Center Richmond. A bona fide place of business refers to a location where the offeror regularly maintains an office with at least one full-time employee. The offeror must include the address of this location within the offer submitted. OBJECTIVES The objective of this project is to construct the Dry Swale 3 stormwater management facility within the Elk Pasture area on the Defense Supply Center Richmond (DSCR) installation. This work will be executed in accordance with the attached 100% Site Plans dated 09/03/2021. The project aims to provide sediment and nutrient removal for stormwater runoff to ensure compliance with the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) and Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) watershed implementation plans. Components to include excavation, grading, installation of underdrain systems, and geotextile will be completed by the DSCR Maintenance group. The concrete wall, a temporary silt fence, and new chain link fence to protect Dy Swale 3 from the elk are to be constructed by the contractor. BACKGROUND DSCR is implementing a comprehensive stormwater management program to protect the local watershed and comply with environmental mandates. The Elk Pasture area, a 26-acre preserve, has been identified for the installation of five dry swales to treat stormwater runoff before it enters Kingsland Creek, which ultimately drains to the Chesapeake Bay. This Statement of Work focuses exclusively on the construction of Dry Swale 3. The existing site consists primarily of grass and trees with variable topography. The construction of this engineered dry swale is essential for meeting sediment and nutrient removal goals established in the Phase II Watershed Implementation Plan. SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS The contractor shall provide all labor, materials, and equipment to complete the construction of Dry Swale 3 listed below as detailed in the attached project plans (2021-09-03 Elk Pasture - 100% Site Plans). The work shall only include the scope for the Dry Swale 3 items. Specific requirements include: Erosion and Sediment Control: -Install silt fence (SF) along the perimeter of the Dry Swale 3 work area as shown on sheet CD102 and in accordance with the detail on sheet C-501 coordinate with FRIE Project manager for exact location of silt fence as the project is only for Dry Swale 3, silt fence material to be provided by DSCR Installation. -Implement all erosion and sediment control measures for Dry Swale 3 detailed in the attached drawings. -Protect all existing storm drain inlets with inlet protection (IP) as specified. Dry Swale 3 Construction: -Construct the concrete weir wall as detailed on sheets CS102, C-302, and C-503. The wall shall be 12" thick and include all specified concrete and rebar. -Install the underdrain system, only to include the section under the concrete wall, pipe to be provided by DSCR. -Install a new chain link fence around the Dry Swale 3 site. (Note: The type, height, and specific location of the new fence are not detailed in the provided project plans. The contractor shall propose a fence that matches DSCR standards for the existing elk fence, assumed to be an 8-foot chain-link fence (verify in field) to match existing site fencing, for approval by the FRIE Project Manager. Security Considerations: -Coordinate access control through FRIE project manager with DSCR Police during construction to maintain site security. CONTRACTOR QUALIFICATIONS All contractors submitting proposals must demonstrate a minimum of five (5) years of relevant experience in projects of similar size and scope. They should demonstrate expertise in the construction of stormwater management facilities, including earthwork, grading, installation of underground utilities and underdrain systems, and reinforced concrete construction. Familiarity with Virginia DEQ Stormwater Management Handbook standards, Department of Defense construction standards, and Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC) is essential. All personnel must be OSHA-certified and trained in federal environmental compliance. Contractors must be capable of obtaining base access clearance and adhering to DSCR security protocols as detailed later in this SOW. Must possess valid insurance coverage including general liability, workers’ compensation, and vehicle insurance. Experience must be clearly documented and verifiable, including references from at least three (3) similar projects, project descriptions, and timelines. All contractors submitting proposals must provide contract number in addition to the above qualifications in order to be considered. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Completion date shall be no later than 60 days after notice to proceed. SEE SOW FOR FULL PROJECT REQUIREMENT DETAILS ***************ADDITIONAL INFORMATION************************ A site visit will be held 04/02/2026 @ 10:00. See p.47 of SOW for DSCR map for location of the site visit meeting location and parking location. Parking/Meeting location is marked with a red dot toward the bottom of the map found of p.47 of the SOW. In order to attend the site visit interested parties MUST follow the instructions below no less than 5 business days prior to the site visit. This is to allow time for vetting by base security. Plan on arriving at DSCR an hour prior to the site visit time, as the processing time through the visitor center fluctuates. Follow the link below to register through DBIDS, and a QR code should be provided for each visitor. Visitors(site visit attendees) then MUST email QR codes to the Project Manager, Rob Miller<robert.c.miller@dla.mil> (Work Cell: (804) 239-6891). The QR code MUST be emailed to the project manager as soon as possible due to the lengthy vetting process of approximately 5 business days. The project manager will also serve as the sponsor for site visit attendees. A new system was implemented on 3 January 2023 to screen visitors and contractors for installation access at DSCR.The new system is designed to increase efficiencies, enhance the protection of personal information during the vetting process and eliminate the use of hard copy DLA Form 1815s. The new screening system will require visitors and contractors to pre-enroll in DBIDS (Defense Biometric Identification System). To begin the process, visitors and contractors will complete registration through the pre-enrollment website: https://dbids-global-enroll.dmdc.mil. Upon entry of their information, visiting personnel will be provided an electronic form to download, which will have an individualized barcode and alpha numeric code. The codes need to be sent to the visiting person’s sponsor. Once in receipt of the barcode, the sponsor will email Security and Emergency Services and provide the barcode and sponsorship information. Once the visitor/contractor is vetted and approved for installation access, Security & Emergency Services will notify the sponsor that the visitor/contractor can go to the DSCR Visitor Center to obtain his/her pass. At the Visitor Center, the visitor provides the barcode and code provided earlier in the process and completes the credentialing process. See attached SOW for full requirement details. Parties interested in submitting a quote for this project are advised and expected to have reviewed the entire SOW prior to site visit attendance.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Robert Moragues, Contracting Officer
  - Email: robert.moragues@dla.mil
  - Phone: 8042795309
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kyle Gregory, Contracting Officer
  - Email: Kyle.Gregory@dla.mil
  - Phone: 8049806388

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/39bb2e78d391422aa7a1ec721dc5c5dd/view)