---
layout: default
title: Boiler Maintenance and Repair Services at Naval Support Activity (NSA), Naval Station Norfolk, Norfolk Virginia, Naval Weapons Station, Cheatham Annex, Yorktown Virginia, and other Areas of Responsibility (AOR)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 7449dbded8194d59a4720394d7f0016b
---

# Boiler Maintenance and Repair Services at Naval Support Activity (NSA), Naval Station Norfolk, Norfolk Virginia, Naval Weapons Station, Cheatham Annex, Yorktown Virginia, and other Areas of Responsibility (AOR)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-10 08:34:20.928-04
- Solicitation Number: N4008527R0001

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. This is not a request for proposal and no contract will be awarded from this notice. There will not be a solicitation, specifications, or drawings available at this time. This notice is a market research tool used for planning purposes only to determine the availability and capability of small business sources. Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command Mid-Atlantic (NAVFAC MIDLANT) Contracting is seeking Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Women Owned Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, certified HUBZone Small Business, and certified 8(a) Businesses with current relevant qualifications, experience, personnel, and capability to perform a proposed contract. Upon review of industry response to this Sources Sought Notice, the Government will determine whether a set-aside acquisition in lieu of full and open competition is in the best interest of the Government. A Facility Support, Firm-Fixed Price (FFP)/Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract with recurring and non-recurring work services is anticipated. The performance of this contract is for a 12-month base period, four (4) 12-month option periods, and a 6-month extension in accordance with FAR 52.217-8, for a not to exceed 66 months from the start date of the initial period of performance. The Government has the option to extend the term of the contract in accordance with Section I, Contract Clauses, FAR clause 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract. Source Selection procedures will be used to evaluate and select the proposal that is most advantageous to the Government. General Work Requirements: Annex 1501000 C – Facility Management The Contractor shall furnish all labor, supervision, management, tools, materials, equipment, transportation, and incidental engineering for Boiler Maintenance and Repair Services at Naval Support Activity (NSA), Naval Station Norfolk, Norfolk Virginia, Naval Weapons Station, Cheatham Annex, Yorktown Virginia, and other Areas of Responsibility (AOR) The intent of 1501000 C Facility Management is to specify the requirements related to the work control/service request reception, identification, tracking and reporting, Infrastructure Condition Assessment Program (ICAP) services, inventory/asset/technical management services, condition assessment (Dynamic and Non-Dynamic), and project development. General Work Requirements: Annex 1502000 C – Facility Investment The intent of 1502000 C Facility Investment is to specify the requirements related to maintaining, repairing, and altering water and steam boilers and storage tanks, Integrated Maintenance Program (IMP), Inspection, Testing, and Certification Program, boiler seasonal start-up and shutdown, and boiler water testing and treatment services. All Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Women Owned Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, certified HUBZone Small Business, and certified 8(a) Businesses are encouraged to respond. The Government will not pay for any information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. All qualified firms are encouraged to respond. The appropriate NAICS Code is 238220, size standard $19.0 million. It is requested that interested parties submit a brief capabilities package not to exceed 5 pages. This capabilities package shall address, at a minimum the following: (1) Examples of projects worked within the last five years of similar size, scope and complexity as the work indicated. Knowledge of the state regulations within the AOR. Indicate whether your firm worked as a prime or subcontractor, contract value, brief description of how the referenced contract relates to the work described, and a Government / Agency point of contact. Size: A contract with a yearly value of at least $300,000.00 for recurring services. Scope: Offeror must have provided all labor, supervision, management, tools, materials, equipment, transportation, and incidental engineering for boiler maintenance and repair services as described in the Performance Work Statement (PWS). Complexity: Offeror must have been responsible for responding simultaneously to requirements for several customers or installations. (2) Company profile, to include number of offices and number of employees per office, annual receipts, office location(s), available bonding capacity, Unique Entity ID (UEI) number, and CAGE Code. (3) Please indicate if you are a Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Women Owned Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, certified HUBZone Small Business, and certified 8(a) Business. (4) In order to assist us in determining the geographic boundaries of the contract(s) necessary to cover the services of the proposed requirement within our AOR, please identify the geographic area in which you can operate in an efficient and economical manner. The capabilities package for this sources sought notice is not expected to be a proposal, but rather a short statement regarding the company’s ability to demonstrate existing, or developed, expertise and experience in relation to this contract. Any commercial brochures or currently existing marketing material may also be submitted with the capabilities package. Submission of a capabilities package is not a prerequisite to any potential future offerings, but participation will assist the Navy in tailoring requirements to be consistent with industry capabilities. Electronic submission will be accepted. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice shall be emailed to melinda.l.robinson12.civ@us.navy.mil, and must be received no later than 2:00 PM Eastern Standard Time on 16 March 2026 . Questions regarding this sources sought notice may be emailed to Melinda Robinson at melinda.l.robinson12.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Melinda Robinson
  - Email: melinda.l.robinson@navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573410690
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Asia BRACEY
  - Email: asia.c.bracey.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573411226

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: C – Facility Management The Contractor shall furnish all labor, supervision, management, tools, materials, equipment, transportation, and incidental engineering for Boiler Maintenance and Repair Services at Naval Support Activity (NSA), Naval Station Norfolk, Norfolk Virginia, Naval Weapons Station, Cheatham Annex, Yorktown Virginia, and other Areas of Responsibility (AOR) The intent of 1501000 C Facility Management is to specify the requirements related to the work control/service request reception, identification, tracking and reporting, Infrastructure Condition Assessment Program (ICAP) services, inventory/asset/technical management services, condition assessment (Dynamic and Non-Dynamic), and project development. General Work Requirements: Annex 1502000 C – Facility Investment The intent of 1502000 C Facility Investment is to specify the requirements related to maintaining, repairing, and altering water and steam boilers and storage tanks, Integrated Maintenance Program (IMP), Inspection, Testing, and Certification Program, boiler seasonal start-up and shutdown, and boiler water testing and treatment services. All Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Women Owned Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, certified HUBZone Small Business, and certified 8(a) Businesses are encouraged to respond. The Government will not pay for any information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. All qualified firms are encouraged to respond. The appropriate NAICS Code is 238220, size standard $19.0 million. It is requested that interested parties submit a brief capabilities package not to exceed 5 pages. This capabilities package shall address, at a minimum the following: (1) Examples of projects worked within the last five years of similar size, scope and complexity as the work indicated. Knowledge of the state regulations within the AOR. Indicate whether your firm worked as a prime or subcontractor, contract value, brief description of how the referenced contract relates to the work described, and a Government / Agency point of contact. Size: A contract with a yearly value of at least $300,000.00 for recurring services. Scope: Offeror must have provided all labor, supervision, management, tools, materials, equipment, transportation, and incidental engineering for boiler maintenance and repair services as described in the Performance Work Statement (PWS). Complexity: Offeror must have been responsible for responding simultaneously to requirements for several customers or installations. (2) Company profile, to include number of offices and number of employees per office, annual receipts, office location(s), available bonding capacity, Unique Entity ID (UEI) number, and CAGE Code. (3) Please indicate if you are a Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, Women Owned Small Business, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, certified HUBZone Small Business, and certified 8(a) Business. (4) In order to assist us in determining the geographic boundaries of the contract(s) necessary to cover the services of the proposed requirement within our AOR, please identify the geographic area in which you can operate in an efficient and economical manner. The capabilities package for this sources sought notice is not expected to be a proposal, but rather a short statement regarding the company’s ability to demonstrate existing, or developed, expertise and experience in relation to this contract. Any commercial brochures or currently existing marketing material may also be submitted with the capabilities package. Submission of a capabilities package is not a prerequisite to any potential future offerings, but participation will assist the Navy in tailoring requirements to be consistent with industry capabilities. Electronic submission will be accepted. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice shall be emailed to melinda.l.robinson12.civ@us.navy.mil, and must be received no later than 2:00 PM Eastern Standard Time on 16 March 2026 . Questions regarding this sources sought notice may be emailed to Melinda Robinson at melinda.l.robinson12.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7449dbded8194d59a4720394d7f0016b/view)