---
layout: default
title: M762A1/M767A1 Electronic Time (ET) Fuzes, M782A1 Multi-Option Fuze for Artillery Increment 2 (MOFA II), and M734A1 Multi-Option Fuze for Mortars/M783 Point Detonating/Delay Mortar Fuze
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 39a7f3bc0602417ea95139b3f94c3bd4
---

# M762A1/M767A1 Electronic Time (ET) Fuzes, M782A1 Multi-Option Fuze for Artillery Increment 2 (MOFA II), and M734A1 Multi-Option Fuze for Mortars/M783 Point Detonating/Delay Mortar Fuze

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-21 11:41:04.923-04
- Solicitation Number: PANROC-26-P-0000031502

## Summary

The United States Army Contracting Command-Rock Island (ACC-RI), on behalf of the Office of the Project Manager Combat Ammunition Systems (PM CAS) is conducting market research to identify potential sources within the United States or Canada capable of manufacturing and delivering the M762A1 Electronic Time (ET) Fuze, the M767A1 ET Fuze, the M782A1 Multi-Option Fuze for Artillery, Increment 2 (MOFA II), the M734A1 Multi-Option Fuze for Mortars, and/or M783 Point Detonating/Delay Mortar Fuze and variants thereof. The purpose of this market survey is to obtain current information on the capability of potential sources to deliver M762A1/M767A1 at a rate of 14,000 per month, M782A1 at a rate of 4,000 per month, and/or M734A1/M783 at a rate of 20,000 per month in support of FY28-FY32 funding requirements. Capable sources can submit a response in the following fuze combinations: M762A1/M767A1, M782A1, and/or M734A1/M783. Sources can submit their response for a single fuze combination, two fuze combinations, or all three fuze combinations. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for these items is 332993. The Product and Service Code is 1390. The M762A1 and M767A1 ET Fuzes provide electronic time and point detonating function needed for artillery projectiles. The fuzes can be set manually or with an inductive setter. The fuzes can be set for Electronic Time from 0.5 to 199.9 seconds in 0.1-second increments. The M762A1 and M767A1 ET Fuzes are used in both 105mm and 155mm weapon systems. The M762A1 ET Fuze is used with cargo carrying projectiles, while the M767A1 ET Fuze is used with bursting artillery ammunition. The M782A1 MOFA II performs all functions (proximity, precision time, impact, and delay) needed for bulk filled bursting type artillery projectiles in a standard artillery fuze contour. The M782A1 MOFA II is inductively settable allowing the projectile to be pre-fuzed and handled by automated ammunition handling systems. The M782A1 MOFA II supports all current bursting artillery ammunition for 105mm and 155mm weapon systems. The M782A1 MOFA II can be set for precision time from 0.5 to 199.9 seconds in 0.1-second increments. The M734A1 fuze has four selectable functions: two proximity Height of Burst settings (60/81 PRX and 120 PRX); Impact; and Delay. M783 is a lower cost variant of M734A1 with only PD and DELAY functions. The M734A1 and the M783 Fuze can be used on 60mm, 81mm, and 120mm High Explosive and 60mm and 120mm White Phosphorous Smoke Cartridges. To be considered a capable source for this effort, all interested sources must submit a response that provides adequate technical and manufacturing capability to propose design solutions for fuze improvements, address obsolescence issues, and capability for producing at high production rates for M762A1/M767A1, M782A1, and/or M734A1/M783 and variants thereof. If a respondent does not have adequate resources (technical, manufacturing, personnel, etc.) available, the respondent must be able to demonstrate the ability to obtain those resources. Respondents should provide the following information which will assist the United States Government (USG) in developing its acquisition strategy: Provide evidence of technical expertise with the M762A1/M767A1, M782A1, and/or M734A1/M783 to propose solutions for fuze improvement efforts and addressing obsolescence issues, ensuring that these enhancements and fixes are accurately reflected in the TDP. Description should include any past technical experience with similar fuzes with proximity, electronic time, impact, or delay functions; Identify projected monthly delivery capability for the M762A1/M767A1, M782A1, and/or M734A1/M783. Responses should address capability to consistently meet the Government’s required monthly production rate of 14,000 total fuzes per month for M762A1/M767A1, 4,000 per month for M782A1 MOFA II, and 20,000 total fuzes per month of the M734A1/M783, as well as the minimum sustaining and maximum capacity rates. Description should include any past manufacturing experience with similar fuzes with proximity, precision time, impact, or delay functions to include proven monthly production capacity; Estimated time to produce the First Article Testing (FAT) samples after contract award and lead time for delivery of the first production lot for the M762A1/M767A1, M782A1, and/or M734A1/M783 and variants thereof; Description of facilities, equipment including key specifications or capabilities, manufacturing processes, inspection capability, ability to generate, handle, or store classified data, personnel (number of employees, experience, specialized skill sets), and evidence of sufficient safety clearances to handle, store, and transport energetic materials, components and explosively loaded fuzes. Provide information on suppliers’ ability to surge production capacity up to 28,000 M762A1/M767A1 per month, ramp up production to 6,000 M782A1 MOFA II per month with the ability to surge production capacity up to 8,000 M782A1 MOFA II per month, and/or ramp up production requirements as needed for M734A1/M783. Suppliers should also describe their capability to sustain this increased demand. Responses should include Rough Order of Magnitude cost with expected needs for increased facilitization/equipment required to achieve the surge quantity mentioned above. Provide evidence of quality assurance in order to support this production plan; Provide company name, address, Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code, telephone number, email address, technical point of contact, and company size (please specify as either a Large Business, Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, 8(a) concern, Woman-Owned Small Business, Historically Underutilized Business Zone concern, Veteran-Owned Small Business, or Service-Disabled Small Business). Responses shall not exceed 30 pages in length and should provide sufficient details to allow the USG to make a reasonable assessment of the respondent’s capability to produce these items. NO CLASSIFIED information shall be submitted. Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) shall be handled and submitted accordingly. Please identify any proprietary information submitted. All information provided will not be returned and will be held in confidential status. All information is to be submitted at no cost or obligation to the Government. All companies interested in this notice and any potential future solicitation must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). A Draft Technical Data Package (TDP) for M782A1 and M762/M767 consists of top-level drawings that provide an overview of the technical aspects of the fuzes, while the M734A1/M783 will provide an established TDP, all upon request for information only. All TDP’s are marked Distribution D, restricted to Department of War (DoW) and U.S. DoW contractors only. In order to receive any of the TDPs, contractors are required to submit a signed and completed DD Form 2345, Militarily Critical Technical Data Agreement; AMSTA-AR Form 1350, Technical Data Request Questionnaire, and Non-Disclosure Agreement. If the TDP for this effort is provided, a Certificate of Destruction form shall be completed and submitted by any contractor in receipt of the TDP, upon this sources sought notice closing. This market survey is for information and planning purposes only and shall NOT be construed as a Request for Proposal or an obligation on the part of the USG. All submissions are requested to be made within fifteen (15) calendar days from the date of this publication at no cost to the USG by electronic mail to Contract Specialist Eric McReynolds at eric.a.mcreynolds.civ@army.mil. The USG will accept written questions by email ONLY. TELEPHONE INQUIRIES WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED. All information submitted will be protected in accordance with the identified markings. If a formal solicitation is generated at a later date, a solicitation notice will be published.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Eric A. McReynolds
  - Email: eric.a.mcreynolds.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Alex Sheppard
  - Email: alex.r.sheppard.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5206929755

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/39a7f3bc0602417ea95139b3f94c3bd4/view)