---
layout: default
title: Fort Eustis Railroad Inspection, Maintenance, and Repair
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 835679a4f469427f9b21399060872363
---

# Fort Eustis Railroad Inspection, Maintenance, and Repair

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 16:01:54.592-04
- Solicitation Number: FA480026Q0026

## Summary

COMBO Synopsis/Solicitation FA4800-26-Q-0026 Railroad Inspection, Maintenance, and Repair JBLE: Fort Eustis, VA 23 April 2026 This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial service prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested from interested Contractors, and a written solicitation will be provided as an attachment to this notice. This solicitation is being issued as a Request for Proposal (RFP) in accordance with (IAW) FAR 13.5 procedures. Submit only written quotations for RFP FA480026Q0026 in response to this solicitation. The solicitation document, incorporated provision and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2005-82-1 Effective 02 July 2015. This acquisition is a 100% Total Small Business Set-Aside for small businesses under NAICS code 488210 with a $34M size standard. 1. DESCRIPTION: See Attachment 1 – Performance Work Statement (PWS) dated 23 April 2025 for detailed description of services. The government requires the following: The Contractor shall provide all management, tools, supplies, equipment, labor and other items necessary to perform inspections, maintenance, repairs and vegetation control as defined within this Performance Work Statement. Work to be executed in this contract are: Track rehabilitation projects, vegetation control, inspection and maintenance of electric/electromechanical grade crossing signals, and cleaning track flange way at railroad crossings. The work shall be performed on Joint Base Langley Eustis (JBLE) FT. Eustis Virginia in accordance with (IAW) the most recent Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC) 4-860-03 and shall be intended to inspect and maintain the railroad in safe and reliable operating condition. This is a non-personal services contract to provide yearly track inspection, monthly railroad track and signal crossing inspections, routine maintenance, annual tie replacement, and emergency repairs. ALL CLINS ARE DEEMED MISSION ESSENTIAL Base Year: CLIN 0001, Rail Inspection and Routine Maintenance (not including Signal Crossing) QTY: 12, UNIT OF MEASURE: Month (MO) CLIN 0002, Signal Inspection and Routine Maintenance (only on Signal Crossing) QTY: 13, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 0003, Pesticide Treatment QTY: 2, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 0004, Replacement of cross ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 1,500, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 0005, Replace switch/head block ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 125, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 0006, Emergency Repairs (approved by CO) QTY: 1, UNIT OF MEASURE: Group, PRICE: NTE $10,000.00 Option Year 1: CLIN 1001, Rail Inspection and Routine Maintenance (not including Signal Crossing) QTY: 12, UNIT OF MEASURE: Month (MO) CLIN 1002, Signal Inspection and Routine Maintenance (only on Signal Crossing) QTY: 13, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 1003, Pesticide Treatment QTY: 2, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 1004, Replacement of cross ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 1,500, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 1005, Replace switch/head block ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 125, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 1006, Emergency Repairs (approved by CO) QTY: 1, UNIT OF MEASURE: Group, PRICE: NTE $10,000.00 Option Year 2: CLIN 2001, Rail Inspection and Routine Maintenance (not including Signal Crossing) QTY: 12, UNIT OF MEASURE: Month (MO) CLIN 2002, Signal Inspection and Routine Maintenance (only on Signal Crossing) QTY: 13, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 2003, Pesticide Treatment QTY: 2, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 2004, Replacement of cross ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 1,500, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 2005, Replace switch/head block ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 125, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 2006, Emergency Repairs (approved by CO) QTY: 1, UNIT OF MEASURE: Group, PRICE: NTE $10,000.00 Option Year 3: CLIN 3001, Rail Inspection and Routine Maintenance (not including Signal Crossing) QTY: 12, UNIT OF MEASURE: Month (MO) CLIN 3002, Signal Inspection and Routine Maintenance (only on Signal Crossing) QTY: 13, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 3003, Pesticide Treatment QTY: 2, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 3004, Replacement of cross ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 1,500, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 3005, Replace switch/head block ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 125, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 3006, Emergency Repairs (approved by CO) QTY: 1, UNIT OF MEASURE: Group, PRICE: NTE $10,000.00 Option Year 4: CLIN 4001, Rail Inspection and Routine Maintenance (not including Signal Crossing) QTY: 12, UNIT OF MEASURE: Month (MO) CLIN 4002, Signal Inspection and Routine Maintenance (only on Signal Crossing) QTY: 13, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 4003, Pesticide Treatment QTY: 2, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 4004, Replacement of cross ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 1,500, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 4005, Replace switch/head block ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 125, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 4006, Emergency Repairs (approved by CO) QTY: 1, UNIT OF MEASURE: Group, PRICE: NTE $10,000.00 The Government will not exercise any supervision or control over the contract service providers performing the services herein. Such contract service providers shall be accountable solely to the Contractor who, in turn, is responsible to the Government. The Contractor shall perform to the standards in this contract. This RFP is for one (1) base year plus four (4) one (1) year options. The periods of performance are as follows: Base Year: 1 June 2026 – 31 May 2027 Option Year One: 01 June 2027 – 31 May 2028 Option Year Two: 01 June 2028 –31 May 2029 Option Year Three: 01 June 2029 – 31 May 2030 Option Year Four: 01 June 2030 – 31 May 2031 2. CONTRACT TYPE: A Firm Fixed-Price Contract is anticipated to be awarded by 18 May 2026. 3. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: Failure to comply with these instructions may result in the offeror's proposal being summarily rejected due to non-responsiveness. Any commitments made in the offer shall become part of the resultant contract. Note: .zip files are not an acceptable format for the Air Force Network and will not go through our email system. The offeror agrees to honor the prices in its proposal for 180 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offerors. Interested Contractors shall provide the following documents to the Contracting Specialist and Contracting Officer associated with this requirement: 1. Price Proposal The offeror shall complete the Schedule of Supplies and Services contract line-item numbers (CLINS) of the solicitation by inserting the price elements (unit price and extended amount) for all Firm Fixed Price (FFP) CLINS for Base Year and all Option Years (Schedule B). Offeror shall ensure all unit prices and extended CLIN totals are rounded to whole dollar amounts. Prices shall comply with all SCA wage rates and other pertinent state, local and federal guidelines. The contractor is responsible for verifying the totals are calculated correctly. The price volume does not have a page limitation. Price shall be evaluated in accordance with FAR 13.106-3(a). Please provide the following information with your quote: Company Name POC Email Phone Number UEI CAGE Code 2. Technical Volume To facilitate the evaluation, the technical volume should be specific, detailed, and complete to clearly and fully demonstrate that the offeror has a thorough understanding of the requirements for the accomplishment of the effort. Statements that the offeror understands, can, or will comply with the PWS (including Air Force (AF) publications, technical requirements, etc.); statements paraphrasing the PWS or parts thereof; and phrases such as "standard procedures will be employed" or "well known techniques will be used" etc., will be considered unacceptable. The technical volume shall be limited to no more than 15 pages. 3. Past Performance Volume Past performance shall be evaluated in accordance with FAR 13.106-2(b)(3)(ii) The past performance information to be evaluated on each offeror will be information available in Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) and any other sources identified by the offeror or the Government. Offeror shall provide at least two (2) references (Contract Number, Place of Performance, Period of Performance, Dollar Value, Contracting Officer and Contract Information) for recent past performance of similar size and scope of requirements as detailed in the PWS. Recent: Performance occurring within the last five (5) years from the date of issuance of this solicitation. Size: A contract/project with a value of at least $25,000.00 per year where offeror effectively performed fitness equipment maintenance services similar to the requirements detailed in the PWS. Scope: A relevant project is one that involves the depth and breadth of work described in this PWS. All pages of each part shall be numbered. Each volume shall contain a cover sheet, clearly marked with the RFP number, title, and the offeror's name and CAGE Code. The Technical offer volume shall not contain any price data or reference to price. Text shall be single spaced, Times New Roman, 12 Font. Margins shall be 1 inch (left, right, top, and bottom). Page numbering shall be sequential (i.e. 1-10). Electronic Copies. Electronic copies shall be submitted for each volume via email no later than the time and date listed in Block 8 of the SF1449 and shall not exceed the page limits stated below for each hard copy volume. Offeror shall utilize Microsoft Office 2010 or later, or Adobe PDF Version 8 or later. Offeror may use JPEG for charts or screen shots. Offeror shall name files using standard naming conventions (i.e., filename. doc for MSWord, filename.xls for MS Excel, filename.PDF for Portable Document Format, etc.). Do NOT submit any documents in PDF format that are copied as "images" or Windows Photo Gallery etc. PDF files shall enable textual search and copy functions. Each volume shall be in a single searchable, editable file and stored in a folder that corresponds to the proposal volume it represents. The files shall be named in an unambiguous manner, using plain language text, which facilitates the evaluator's ease of accessing the files for evaluation. Offeror shall insert the file name in the header of each document. Copies and Page Limit. Evaluators will only read up to the maximum number of pages specified. All pages provided by the offeror in excess of the stated limitations will not be evaluated. Copy requirements and page limitations are as follows: Quantity Page Limit Price Volume 1 None Technical Volume 1 15 Past Performance Volume 1 3 Include a statement in the offer that it contains proprietary information for your company and cannot be released outside the Government. Offeror shall acknowledge awareness of all amendments to the solicitation by signing and dating Page 1 of each Standard Form 30, Amendment of Solicitation/Modification of Contract. Complete in its entirety the "offeror" portion of the attached Standard Form 1449. An official having authority to legally bind the company contractually must sign and date the Standard Form 1449. One copy of the Standard Form 1449 must bear an original signature and, if applicable, all amendments. Failure to acknowledge any amendments to the solicitation can result in an offeror being deemed nonresponsive. Award CANNOT be made to a non-responsive offeror. Note: Be sure to sign and date where required. Representations and Certifications: Complete the required Representations and Certifications or indicate if information is contained in the System for Award Management (SAM) located at https://www.sam.gov. All companies must be registered in the System for Award Management at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ to be considered for award. Late RFPs will be processed in accordance with FAR 52.212-1(f) "Late submission, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers." Potential small business contractors are hereby notified that the solicitation and subsequent amendments to the solicitation will ONLY be available in electronic format. The solicitation number will be FA4800-26-Q-0026 and will be posted to the Government Point of Entry, SAM.gov. Please note, foreign contractors are excluded from acting as the prime contractor for this requirement. This office will NOT issue hard copy solicitations. No telephone or fax requests for the RFP package will be accepted. Failure to respond to the electronically posted RFP and associated amendments prior to the date and time set for receipt of offers may render a contractor’s offer non-responsive and result in rejection of the same Interested offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database to be considered for award (per FAR 4.1102). Registration is free and can be completed on-line at http://www.sam.gov. Lack of registration in the SAM database will make an offeror ineligible for award. Any questions regarding this notice should be submitted in writing via e-mail to both gerell.johnson@us.af.mil and chester.terrill.1@us.af.mil NLT 5 May 2026 at 1200EST. 4. EVALUATION FACTORS This Request for Proposal (RFP) will be conducted in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, and FAR Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotes: Price (Volume I) Price will be evaluated using techniques established in FAR 13.106-3(a)(1) to ensure the Government receives a fair, reasonable, and balanced price. If the Government cannot determine the proposed pricing to be fair and reasonable, other than cost and pricing data will be obtained from the Offerors. The Government will evaluate quotes by adding the total price for all CLINS, including basic period, option years, and fifty percent (50%) of the last option period price to cover the option to extend services IAW clause 52.217-8. Materially Unbalanced Quote: If the contracting officer sees a wide variation in prices, the contracting officer can consider the need to amend the solicitation or ask the vendor appropriate questions. Unbalanced pricing poses an unacceptable risk to the Government and may be a reason to reject a quote. Technical Acceptability (Volume II) Subfactor A: Personnel An organization chart that shows the positions, levels and number of personnel. Organizational chart that shows the line(s) of authority, to include subcontractors and teaming partner. The functional relationships, roles and responsibilities that will ensure acceptable communication both within the company and with the government to execute the PWS requirements. Due to Executive Order 14055 "Non displacement of Qualified Workers Under Service Contracts" the offeror is not required to provide resumes or names of key personnel; however, the offeror is required to address an understanding that each of the criteria must be met by the selected employee. Failure to provide personnel that meets the minimum requirements provided in this subfactor will constitute an unacceptable rating. Subfactor B: Technical Approach The offeror shall provide a narrative description for their approach, techniques, and/or procedures to be utilized to accomplish the functions and requirements as set forth in the PWS. Offeror shall detail understanding of the necessary experience and specific abilities Subfactor C: Quality Control The offeror shall detail an approach to quality control. The plan shall describe how the Offeror will ensure strict compliance with the requirements of the PWS and actions to remedy any shortcomings. 3. Past Performance (Volume III) Past Performance will be rated on an "Acceptable" or "Unacceptable" basis at the overall factor level using the ratings shown below: “Acceptable”: Based on the offeror's performance record, the Government has a reasonable expectation that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort, or the offeror's performance record is unknown. “Unacceptable”: Based on the offeror's performance record, the Government does not have a reasonable expectation that the offeror will be able to successfully perform the required effort. 5. EVALUATION PROCESS Offerors will be ranked by total contract price from low to high. Technical and Past Performance will be evaluated on an "Acceptable/Unacceptable" basis. Offerors shall receive an "Acceptable" rating for both Technical and Past Performance in order to be eligible forward. The Government will evaluate the two (2) lowest priced Offerors for technical acceptability, past performance acceptability, and price reasonableness. Should the two (2) lowest priced Offerors not receive an "acceptable" technical and past performance rating the process will continue in order of price until two (2) Offerors with "acceptable" technical and past performance rating and fair and reasonable price are identified. Award will be made to the Offeror with the lowest proposed price and receiving an "acceptable" rating for both Technical and Past Performance. Options. The Government will evaluate quotes for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that a quote is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). In accordance with FAR 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services, the Government will evaluate 50% (or 6 months' worth) of the final option year price to determine the price to be fair and reasonable in the case that this extension clause needs to be utilized. 6. SITE VISIT INFORMATION A Site visit will be accomplished at 09:00 EST on 1 May 2026 where all parties will meet at the Visitor’s Center located at the following address: 2 Washington Blvd Fort Eustis, VA 23604 Upon arrival to the Visitor’s Center, Mr. Michael Johnson and Ms. Aviance Jenkins will assist with securing base passes for interested contractors, but to ensure base access for the site visit, please coordinate with SSgt Gerell Johnson (via email at gerell.johnson@us.af.mil) prior to. Please reference the solicitation number (FA4800-26-Q-0026) in your email. Due to the complexity of the project, attendance at the site visit is highly recommended to ensure a comprehensive understanding of the scope of work. The following provisions and clauses apply: Provisions Incorporated by Reference: FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management OCT 2018 FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial Items DFARS 252.203- 7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials NOV 2011 Clauses Incorporated by Reference: FAR 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel JAN 2011 FAR 52.204-10 Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards JUN 2020 FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance OCT 2018 FAR 52.223-18 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving JUN 2020 FAR 52.232-18 Availability of Funds. APR 1984 FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer--System for Award Management OCT 2018 DFARS 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials SEP 2011 DFARS 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DEC 2022 DFARS 252.204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product APR 1992 DFARS 252.204-7012 Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting JAN 2023 DFARS 252.223-7006 Prohibition On Storage and Disposal of Toxic and Hazardous Materials SEP 2014 DFARS 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium JAN 2023 DFARS 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DEC 2018 DFARS 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments DEC 2006 DFARS 252.243-7001 Pricing Of Contract Modifications DEC 1991 DFARS 252.244-7000 Subcontracts for Commercial Items and Commercial Components NOV 2023 DFARS 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea JAN 2023 FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management NOV 2024 FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance OCT 18 FAR 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting AUG 2020 FAR 52.204-17 Ownership of Control of Offeror AUG 2020 FAR 52.204-18 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance AUG 2020 FAR 52.204-19 Incorporated by Reference or Representations and Certifications DEC 2014 FAR 52.204-22 Alternative Line Item Proposal JAN 2017 FAR 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Items OCT 2025 FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items NOV 2023 FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders MAR 2026 FAR 52.222-1 Commercial Items Notice to the Government of Labor Disputes FEB 1997 FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.228-5 Insurance – Work on a Government Installation JUN 2003 FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors MAR 2023 FAR 52.246-2 Inspection of Supplies 52.246-16 Responsibility for Supplies AUG 1996 FAR 52.247-34 FOB Destination JAN 1991 DFARS 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials SEP 2011 DFARS 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DEC 2022 DFARS 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials SEP 2022 DFARS 252.204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product APR 1992 DFARS 252.204-7009 Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident JAN 2023 DFARS 252.204-7015 Information Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support JAN 2023 DFARS 252.225-7048 Export-Controlled Items. JUN 2023 DFARS 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DEC 2018 DFARS 252.243-7001 Pricing of Contract Modifications DEC 1991 Provisions/Clauses Incorporated by Full Text: 52.209-11 – Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law. (Feb 2016) (a) As required by sections 744 and 745 of Division E of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L 113-235), and similar provisions, if contained in subsequent appropriations acts, the Government will not enter into a contract with any corporation that-- (1) Has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless an agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and made a determination that suspension or debarment is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government; or (2) Was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction, unless an agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and decided that this action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. (b) The Offeror represents that— (1) It is [ ] is not [ ] a corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability; and (2) It is [ ] is not [ ] a corporation that was convicted of a felony criminal violation under a Federal law within the preceding 24 months. (End of provision) 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial Items (Oct 2018) – Addendum 1. General Instructions A. The purpose of these instructions is to prescribe the format of the Request for Quote (RFQ) and describe the approach for the development and presentation of the RFQ data. This is designed to ensure the essential information required for evaluation is submitted. B. The contracting officer urges the offeror to submit their best pricing and technical information upfront. C. To assure a timely and equitable evaluation, the offeror shall follow the instructions contained herein. Offeror is required to meet and address all of the requirements, including terms and conditions, representations and certifications, and technical requirements. Offeror must clearly identify any exception to the terms and conditions and provide complete accompanying rationale. The RFQ response shall be comprehensive, complete, self-sufficient, and respond directly to the requirements of the RFQ. Elaborate artwork, expensive paper/binding and expensive visual aids are neither necessary nor desired. The RFQ response shall consist of: (1) Price Volume (2) Technical Volume (3) Past Performance 52.212-2 -- Evaluation -- Commercial Items- Addendum (a) The Government will award a contract, resulting from this solicitation, to the responsible offeror whosequote will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. (b) The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Factor 1: Price Factor 2: Technical Factor 3: Past Performance (c) Past Performance: Past performance will be reviewed to identify potentially damaging information. Companies with multiple unsatisfactory performances, recent and relevant to this requirement, will not being considered technically acceptable. Past performance confidence ratings will not be assigned. Factor 1 – Price: Price will be determined fair and reasonable based on procedures established in FAR 13.106-3(a). The Government will evaluate the offer for award purposes by adding the total price for all Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINS). Factor 2 – Technical:The technical rating reflects the degree to which the offeror’s proposal meets or does not meet the minimum performance or capability requirements. The focus is on the ability of the proposal to meet the minimum requirements of the SOW. Technical proposals will be assessed a rating of "Acceptable" or "Unacceptable". To be eligible for award, the offeror is required to receive an “Acceptable” rating. Factor 3 - Past Performance: The past performance rating reflects the degree to which the offeror’s company has performed satisfactorily on previous, similar scope projects. Past Performance will be assessed a rating of "Acceptable" or "Unacceptable". To be eligible for award, the offeror is required to receive an “Acceptable” rating. Table A-1: Technical Acceptable/Unacceptable Ratings Rating-Description Acceptable - Proposal clearly meets the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Unacceptable - Proposal does not clearly meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Award will be based on the lowest price Technically Acceptable offer. (End of provision) 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options. Except when it is determined in accordance with FAR 17.206(b) not to be in the Government’s best interests, the Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. Evaluation of options will not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (End of provision) 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services. The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days. (End of clause) 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract. (a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days; provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 60 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. (b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. (c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 5 years and 6 months (End of clause) 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires. In compliance with the Service Contract Labor Standards statute and the regulations of the Secretary of Labor (29 CFR part 4), this clause identifies the classes of service employees expected to be employed under the contract and states the wages and fringe benefits payable to each if they were employed by the contracting agency subject to the provisions of 5 U.S.C.5341 or 5 332. This Statement is for Information Only: It is not a Wage Determination 5352.201-9101 ACC Ombudsman (Jul 2023) An ombudsman has been appointed to hear and facilitate the resolution of concerns from offerors, potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. When requested, the ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The existence of the ombudsman does not affect the authority of the program manager, contracting officer, or source selection official. Furthermore, the ombudsman does not participatein the evaluation of proposals, the source selection process, or the adjudication of protests or formal contract disputes. The ombudsman may refer the interested party to another official who can resolve the concern. Before consulting with an ombudsman, interested parties must first address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the contracting officer for resolution. Consulting an ombudsman does not alter or postpone the timelines for any other processes (e.g., agency-level bid protests, GAO bid protests, requests for debriefings, employee-employer actions, etc.). If a resolution cannot be reached with the contracting officer, the interested party may contact the ombudsman: Office: Deputy Director of Contracting, AFICC/KC (OL-ACC) Address: 114 Thompson Street, Bldg 586, Room 129, Langley AFB, VA 23665 Telephone: (757) 764-5372 (DSN 574-5372) Email: acc.a7k1@us.af.mil Concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations that cannot be resolved at the Center/MAJCOM/DRU/SMC ombudsman level may be brought by the interested party for further consideration to the Air Force ombudsman: Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary (ADAS) (Contracting), SAF/AQC, 1060 Air Force Pentagon, Washington. The ombudsman has no authority to render a decision that binds the agency. Do not contact the ombudsman to request copies of the solicitation, verify offer due dates, or clarify technical requirements. Such inquiries shall be directed to the contracting officer. (End of clause) ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Attachments: 1. COMBO dated 23 April 26 2. PWS – Railroad Contract, dated 22 Apr 26 3. WD 2015-4341, Rev 32 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Any formal communication shall be submitted electronically (via email) to the POCs below. It is the offeror's responsibility to confirm receipt of all formal communications. SSgt Gerell Johnson (gerell.johnson@us.af.mil) – Contract Specialist Mr. Chester “Chet” Terrill (chester.terrill.1@us.af.mil) – Contracting Officer

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Gerell Johnson
  - Email: gerell.johnson@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7572255256
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Chester Terrill
  - Email: chester.terrill@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7572258550

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this notice. This solicitation is being issued as a Request for Proposal (RFP) in accordance with (IAW) FAR 13.5 procedures. Submit only written quotations for RFP FA480026Q0026 in response to this solicitation. The solicitation document, incorporated provision and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2005-82-1 Effective 02 July 2015. This acquisition is a 100% Total Small Business Set-Aside for small businesses under NAICS code 488210 with a $34M size standard. 1. DESCRIPTION: See Attachment 1 – Performance Work Statement (PWS) dated 23 April 2025 for detailed description of services. The government requires the following: The Contractor shall provide all management, tools, supplies, equipment, labor and other items necessary to perform inspections, maintenance, repairs and vegetation control as defined within this Performance Work Statement. Work to be executed in this contract are: Track rehabilitation projects, vegetation control, inspection and maintenance of electric/electromechanical grade crossing signals, and cleaning track flange way at railroad crossings. The work shall be performed on Joint Base Langley Eustis (JBLE) FT. Eustis Virginia in accordance with (IAW) the most recent Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC) 4-860-03 and shall be intended to inspect and maintain the railroad in safe and reliable operating condition. This is a non-personal services contract to provide yearly track inspection, monthly railroad track and signal crossing inspections, routine maintenance, annual tie replacement, and emergency repairs. ALL CLINS ARE DEEMED MISSION ESSENTIAL Base Year: CLIN 0001, Rail Inspection and Routine Maintenance (not including Signal Crossing) QTY: 12, UNIT OF MEASURE: Month (MO) CLIN 0002, Signal Inspection and Routine Maintenance (only on Signal Crossing) QTY: 13, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 0003, Pesticide Treatment QTY: 2, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 0004, Replacement of cross ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 1,500, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 0005, Replace switch/head block ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 125, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 0006, Emergency Repairs (approved by CO) QTY: 1, UNIT OF MEASURE: Group, PRICE: NTE $10,000.00 Option Year 1: CLIN 1001, Rail Inspection and Routine Maintenance (not including Signal Crossing) QTY: 12, UNIT OF MEASURE: Month (MO) CLIN 1002, Signal Inspection and Routine Maintenance (only on Signal Crossing) QTY: 13, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 1003, Pesticide Treatment QTY: 2, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 1004, Replacement of cross ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 1,500, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 1005, Replace switch/head block ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 125, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 1006, Emergency Repairs (approved by CO) QTY: 1, UNIT OF MEASURE: Group, PRICE: NTE $10,000.00 Option Year 2: CLIN 2001, Rail Inspection and Routine Maintenance (not including Signal Crossing) QTY: 12, UNIT OF MEASURE: Month (MO) CLIN 2002, Signal Inspection and Routine Maintenance (only on Signal Crossing) QTY: 13, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 2003, Pesticide Treatment QTY: 2, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 2004, Replacement of cross ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 1,500, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 2005, Replace switch/head block ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 125, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 2006, Emergency Repairs (approved by CO) QTY: 1, UNIT OF MEASURE: Group, PRICE: NTE $10,000.00 Option Year 3: CLIN 3001, Rail Inspection and Routine Maintenance (not including Signal Crossing) QTY: 12, UNIT OF MEASURE: Month (MO) CLIN 3002, Signal Inspection and Routine Maintenance (only on Signal Crossing) QTY: 13, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 3003, Pesticide Treatment QTY: 2, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 3004, Replacement of cross ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 1,500, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 3005, Replace switch/head block ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 125, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 3006, Emergency Repairs (approved by CO) QTY: 1, UNIT OF MEASURE: Group, PRICE: NTE $10,000.00 Option Year 4: CLIN 4001, Rail Inspection and Routine Maintenance (not including Signal Crossing) QTY: 12, UNIT OF MEASURE: Month (MO) CLIN 4002, Signal Inspection and Routine Maintenance (only on Signal Crossing) QTY: 13, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 4003, Pesticide Treatment QTY: 2, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 4004, Replacement of cross ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 1,500, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 4005, Replace switch/head block ties, tamp, regulate and add ballast QTY: 125, UNIT OF MEASURE: Each (EA) CLIN 4006, Emergency Repairs (approved by CO) QTY: 1, UNIT OF MEASURE: Group, PRICE: NTE $10,000.00 The Government will not exercise any supervision or control over the contract service providers performing the services herein. Such contract service providers shall be accountable solely to the Contractor who, in turn, is responsible to the Government. The Contractor shall perform to the standards in this contract. This RFP is for one (1) base year plus four (4) one (1) year options. The periods of performance are as follows: Base Year: 1 June 2026 – 31 May 2027 Option Year One: 01 June 2027 – 31 May 2028 Option Year Two: 01 June 2028 –31 May 2029 Option Year Three: 01 June 2029 – 31 May 2030 Option Year Four: 01 June 2030 – 31 May 2031 2. CONTRACT TYPE: A Firm Fixed-Price Contract is anticipated to be awarded by 18 May 2026. 3. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: Failure to comply with these instructions may result in the offeror"s proposal being summarily rejected due to non-responsiveness. Any commitments made in the offer shall become part of the resultant contract. Note: .zip files are not an acceptable format for the Air Force Network and will not go through our email system. The offeror agrees to honor the prices in its proposal for 180 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offerors. Interested Contractors shall provide the following documents to the Contracting Specialist and Contracting Officer associated with this requirement: 1. Price Proposal The offeror shall complete the Schedule of Supplies and Services contract line-item numbers (CLINS) of the solicitation by inserting the price elements (unit price and extended amount) for all Firm Fixed Price (FFP) CLINS for Base Year and all Option Years (Schedule B). Offeror shall ensure all unit prices and extended CLIN totals are rounded to whole dollar amounts. Prices shall comply with all SCA wage rates and other pertinent state, local and federal guidelines. The contractor is responsible for verifying the totals are calculated correctly. The price volume does not have a page limitation. Price shall be evaluated in accordance with FAR 13.106-3(a). Please provide the following information with your quote: Company Name POC Email Phone Number UEI CAGE Code 2. Technical Volume To facilitate the evaluation, the technical volume should be specific, detailed, and complete to clearly and fully demonstrate that the offeror has a thorough understanding of the requirements for the accomplishment of the effort. Statements that the offeror understands, can, or will comply with the PWS (including Air Force (AF) publications, technical requirements, etc.); statements paraphrasing the PWS or parts thereof; and phrases such as "standard procedures will be employed" or "well known techniques will be used" etc., will be considered unacceptable. The technical volume shall be limited to no more than 15 pages. 3. Past Performance Volume Past performance shall be evaluated in accordance with FAR 13.106-2(b)(3)(ii) The past performance information to be evaluated on each offeror will be information available in Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) and any other sources identified by the offeror or the Government. Offeror shall provide at least two (2) references (Contract Number, Place of Performance, Period of Performance, Dollar Value, Contracting Officer and Contract Information) for recent past performance of similar size and scope of requirements as detailed in the PWS. Recent: Performance occurring within the last five (5) years from the date of issuance of this solicitation. Size: A contract/project with a value of at least $25,000.00 per year where offeror effectively performed fitness equipment maintenance services similar to the requirements detailed in the PWS. Scope: A relevant project is one that involves the depth and breadth of work described in this PWS. All pages of each part shall be numbered. Each volume shall contain a cover sheet, clearly marked with the RFP number, title, and the offeror"s name and CAGE Code. The Technical offer volume shall not contain any price data or reference to price. Text shall be single spaced, Times New Roman, 12 Font. Margins shall be 1 inch (left, right, top, and bottom). Page numbering shall be sequential (i.e. 1-10). Electronic Copies. Electronic copies shall be submitted for each volume via email no later than the time and date listed in Block 8 of the SF1449 and shall not exceed the page limits stated below for each hard copy volume. Offeror shall utilize Microsoft Office 2010 or later, or Adobe PDF Version 8 or later. Offeror may use JPEG for charts or screen shots. Offeror shall name files using standard naming conventions (i.e., filename. doc for MSWord, filename.xls for MS Excel, filename.PDF for Portable Document Format, etc.). Do NOT submit any documents in PDF format that are copied as "images" or Windows Photo Gallery etc. PDF files shall enable textual search and copy functions. Each volume shall be in a single searchable, editable file and stored in a folder that corresponds to the proposal volume it represents. The files shall be named in an unambiguous manner, using plain language text, which facilitates the evaluator"s ease of accessing the files for evaluation. Offeror shall insert the file name in the header of each document. Copies and Page Limit. Evaluators will only read up to the maximum number of pages specified. All pages provided by the offeror in excess of the stated limitations will not be evaluated. Copy requirements and page limitations are as follows: Quantity Page Limit Price Volume 1 None Technical Volume 1 15 Past Performance Volume 1 3 Include a statement in the offer that it contains proprietary information for your company and cannot be released outside the Government. Offeror shall acknowledge awareness of all amendments to the solicitation by signing and dating Page 1 of each Standard Form 30, Amendment of Solicitation/Modification of Contract. Complete in its entirety the "offeror" portion of the attached Standard Form 1449. An official having authority to legally bind the company contractually must sign and date the Standard Form 1449. One copy of the Standard Form 1449 must bear an original signature and, if applicable, all amendments. Failure to acknowledge any amendments to the solicitation can result in an offeror being deemed nonresponsive. Award CANNOT be made to a non-responsive offeror. Note: Be sure to sign and date where required. Representations and Certifications: Complete the required Representations and Certifications or indicate if information is contained in the System for Award Management (SAM) located at https://www.sam.gov. All companies must be registered in the System for Award Management at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ to be considered for award. Late RFPs will be processed in accordance with FAR 52.212-1(f) "Late submission, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers." Potential small business contractors are hereby notified that the solicitation and subsequent amendments to the solicitation will ONLY be available in electronic format. The solicitation number will be FA4800-26-Q-0026 and will be posted to the Government Point of Entry, SAM.gov. Please note, foreign contractors are excluded from acting as the prime contractor for this requirement. This office will NOT issue hard copy solicitations. No telephone or fax requests for the RFP package will be accepted. Failure to respond to the electronically posted RFP and associated amendments prior to the date and time set for receipt of offers may render a contractor’s offer non-responsive and result in rejection of the same Interested offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database to be considered for award (per FAR 4.1102). Registration is free and can be completed on-line at http://www.sam.gov. Lack of registration in the SAM database will make an offeror ineligible for award. Any questions regarding this notice should be submitted in writing via e-mail to both gerell.johnson@us.af.mil and chester.terrill.1@us.af.mil NLT 5 May 2026 at 1200EST. 4. EVALUATION FACTORS This Request for Proposal (RFP) will be conducted in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, and FAR Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotes: Price (Volume I) Price will be evaluated using techniques established in FAR 13.106-3(a)(1) to ensure the Government receives a fair, reasonable, and balanced price. If the Government cannot determine the proposed pricing to be fair and reasonable, other than cost and pricing data will be obtained from the Offerors. The Government will evaluate quotes by adding the total price for all CLINS, including basic period, option years, and fifty percent (50%) of the last option period price to cover the option to extend services IAW clause 52.217-8. Materially Unbalanced Quote: If the contracting officer sees a wide variation in prices, the contracting officer can consider the need to amend the solicitation or ask the vendor appropriate questions. Unbalanced pricing poses an unacceptable risk to the Government and may be a reason to reject a quote. Technical Acceptability (Volume II) Subfactor A: Personnel An organization chart that shows the positions, levels and number of personnel. Organizational chart that shows the line(s) of authority, to include subcontractors and teaming partner. The functional relationships, roles and responsibilities that will ensure acceptable communication both within the company and with the government to execute the PWS requirements. Due to Executive Order 14055 "Non displacement of Qualified Workers Under Service Contracts" the offeror is not required to provide resumes or names of key personnel; however, the offeror is required to address an understanding that each of the criteria must be met by the selected employee. Failure to provide personnel that meets the minimum requirements provided in this subfactor will constitute an unacceptable rating. Subfactor B: Technical Approach The offeror shall provide a narrative description for their approach, techniques, and/or procedures to be utilized to accomplish the functions and requirements as set forth in the PWS. Offeror shall detail understanding of the necessary experience and specific abilities Subfactor C: Quality Control The offeror shall detail an approach to quality control. The plan shall describe how the Offeror will ensure strict compliance with the requirements of the PWS and actions to remedy any shortcomings. 3. Past Performance (Volume III) Past Performance will be rated on an "Acceptable" or "Unacceptable" basis at the overall factor level using the ratings shown below: “Acceptable”: Based on the offeror"s performance record, the Government has a reasonable expectation that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort, or the offeror"s performance record is unknown. “Unacceptable”: Based on the offeror"s performance record, the Government does not have a reasonable expectation that the offeror will be able to successfully perform the required effort. 5. EVALUATION PROCESS Offerors will be ranked by total contract price from low to high. Technical and Past Performance will be evaluated on an "Acceptable/Unacceptable" basis. Offerors shall receive an "Acceptable" rating for both Technical and Past Performance in order to be eligible forward. The Government will evaluate the two (2) lowest priced Offerors for technical acceptability, past performance acceptability, and price reasonableness. Should the two (2) lowest priced Offerors not receive an "acceptable" technical and past performance rating the process will continue in order of price until two (2) Offerors with "acceptable" technical and past performance rating and fair and reasonable price are identified. Award will be made to the Offeror with the lowest proposed price and receiving an "acceptable" rating for both Technical and Past Performance. Options. The Government will evaluate quotes for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that a quote is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). In accordance with FAR 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services, the Government will evaluate 50% (or 6 months" worth) of the final option year price to determine the price to be fair and reasonable in the case that this extension clause needs to be utilized. 6. SITE VISIT INFORMATION A Site visit will be accomplished at 09:00 EST on 1 May 2026 where all parties will meet at the Visitor’s Center located at the following address: 2 Washington Blvd Fort Eustis, VA 23604 Upon arrival to the Visitor’s Center, Mr. Michael Johnson and Ms. Aviance Jenkins will assist with securing base passes for interested contractors, but to ensure base access for the site visit, please coordinate with SSgt Gerell Johnson (via email at gerell.johnson@us.af.mil) prior to. Please reference the solicitation number (FA4800-26-Q-0026) in your email. Due to the complexity of the project, attendance at the site visit is highly recommended to ensure a comprehensive understanding of the scope of work. The following provisions and clauses apply: Provisions Incorporated by Reference: FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management OCT 2018 FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial Items DFARS 252.203- 7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials NOV 2011 Clauses Incorporated by Reference: FAR 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel JAN 2011 FAR 52.204-10 Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards JUN 2020 FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance OCT 2018 FAR 52.223-18 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving JUN 2020 FAR 52.232-18 Availability of Funds. APR 1984 FAR 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer--System for Award Management OCT 2018 DFARS 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials SEP 2011 DFARS 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DEC 2022 DFARS 252.204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product APR 1992 DFARS 252.204-7012 Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting JAN 2023 DFARS 252.223-7006 Prohibition On Storage and Disposal of Toxic and Hazardous Materials SEP 2014 DFARS 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium JAN 2023 DFARS 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DEC 2018 DFARS 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments DEC 2006 DFARS 252.243-7001 Pricing Of Contract Modifications DEC 1991 DFARS 252.244-7000 Subcontracts for Commercial Items and Commercial Components NOV 2023 DFARS 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea JAN 2023 FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management NOV 2024 FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance OCT 18 FAR 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting AUG 2020 FAR 52.204-17 Ownership of Control of Offeror AUG 2020 FAR 52.204-18 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance AUG 2020 FAR 52.204-19 Incorporated by Reference or Representations and Certifications DEC 2014 FAR 52.204-22 Alternative Line Item Proposal JAN 2017 FAR 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Items OCT 2025 FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items NOV 2023 FAR 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders MAR 2026 FAR 52.222-1 Commercial Items Notice to the Government of Labor Disputes FEB 1997 FAR 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.228-5 Insurance – Work on a Government Installation JUN 2003 FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors MAR 2023 FAR 52.246-2 Inspection of Supplies 52.246-16 Responsibility for Supplies AUG 1996 FAR 52.247-34 FOB Destination JAN 1991 DFARS 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials SEP 2011 DFARS 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DEC 2022 DFARS 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials SEP 2022 DFARS 252.204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product APR 1992 DFARS 252.204-7009 Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident JAN 2023 DFARS 252.204-7015 Information Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support JAN 2023 DFARS 252.225-7048 Export-Controlled Items. JUN 2023 DFARS 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DEC 2018 DFARS 252.243-7001 Pricing of Contract Modifications DEC 1991 Provisions/Clauses Incorporated by Full Text: 52.209-11 – Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law. (Feb 2016) (a) As required by sections 744 and 745 of Division E of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L 113-235), and similar provisions, if contained in subsequent appropriations acts, the Government will not enter into a contract with any corporation that-- (1) Has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless an agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and made a determination that suspension or debarment is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government; or (2) Was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction, unless an agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and decided that this action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. (b) The Offeror represents that— (1) It is [ ] is not [ ] a corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability; and (2) It is [ ] is not [ ] a corporation that was convicted of a felony criminal violation under a Federal law within the preceding 24 months. (End of provision) 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial Items (Oct 2018) – Addendum 1. General Instructions A. The purpose of these instructions is to prescribe the format of the Request for Quote (RFQ) and describe the approach for the development and presentation of the RFQ data. This is designed to ensure the essential information required for evaluation is submitted. B. The contracting officer urges the offeror to submit their best pricing and technical information upfront. C. To assure a timely and equitable evaluation, the offeror shall follow the instructions contained herein. Offeror is required to meet and address all of the requirements, including terms and conditions, representations and certifications, and technical requirements. Offeror must clearly identify any exception to the terms and conditions and provide complete accompanying rationale. The RFQ response shall be comprehensive, complete, self-sufficient, and respond directly to the requirements of the RFQ. Elaborate artwork, expensive paper/binding and expensive visual aids are neither necessary nor desired. The RFQ response shall consist of: (1) Price Volume (2) Technical Volume (3) Past Performance 52.212-2 -- Evaluation -- Commercial Items- Addendum (a) The Government will award a contract, resulting from this solicitation, to the responsible offeror whosequote will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. (b) The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Factor 1: Price Factor 2: Technical Factor 3: Past Performance (c) Past Performance: Past performance will be reviewed to identify potentially damaging information. Companies with multiple unsatisfactory performances, recent and relevant to this requirement, will not being considered technically acceptable. Past performance confidence ratings will not be assigned. Factor 1 – Price: Price will be determined fair and reasonable based on procedures established in FAR 13.106-3(a). The Government will evaluate the offer for award purposes by adding the total price for all Contract Line Item Numbers (CLINS). Factor 2 – Technical:The technical rating reflects the degree to which the offeror’s proposal meets or does not meet the minimum performance or capability requirements. The focus is on the ability of the proposal to meet the minimum requirements of the SOW. Technical proposals will be assessed a rating of "Acceptable" or "Unacceptable". To be eligible for award, the offeror is required to receive an “Acceptable” rating. Factor 3 - Past Performance: The past performance rating reflects the degree to which the offeror’s company has performed satisfactorily on previous, similar scope projects. Past Performance will be assessed a rating of "Acceptable" or "Unacceptable". To be eligible for award, the offeror is required to receive an “Acceptable” rating. Table A-1: Technical Acceptable/Unacceptable Ratings Rating-Description Acceptable - Proposal clearly meets the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Unacceptable - Proposal does not clearly meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Award will be based on the lowest price Technically Acceptable offer. (End of provision) 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options. Except when it is determined in accordance with FAR 17.206(b) not to be in the Government’s best interests, the Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. Evaluation of options will not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (End of provision) 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services. The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days. (End of clause) 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract. (a) The Government may extend the term of this contract by written notice to the Contractor within 30 days; provided that the Government gives the Contractor a preliminary written notice of its intent to extend at least 60 days before the contract expires. The preliminary notice does not commit the Government to an extension. (b) If the Government exercises this option, the extended contract shall be considered to include this option clause. (c) The total duration of this contract, including the exercise of any options under this clause, shall not exceed 5 years and 6 months (End of clause) 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires. In compliance with the Service Contract Labor Standards statute and the regulations of the Secretary of Labor (29 CFR part 4), this clause identifies the classes of service employees expected to be employed under the contract and states the wages and fringe benefits payable to each if they were employed by the contracting agency subject to the provisions of 5 U.S.C.5341 or 5 332. This Statement is for Information Only: It is not a Wage Determination 5352.201-9101 ACC Ombudsman (Jul 2023) An ombudsman has been appointed to hear and facilitate the resolution of concerns from offerors, potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. When requested, the ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The existence of the ombudsman does not affect the authority of the program manager, contracting officer, or source selection official. Furthermore, the ombudsman does not participatein the evaluation of proposals, the source selection process, or the adjudication of protests or formal contract disputes. The ombudsman may refer the interested party to another official who can resolve the concern. Before consulting with an ombudsman, interested parties must first address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the contracting officer for resolution. Consulting an ombudsman does not alter or postpone the timelines for any other processes (e.g., agency-level bid protests, GAO bid protests, requests for debriefings, employee-employer actions, etc.). If a resolution cannot be reached with the contracting officer, the interested party may contact the ombudsman: Office: Deputy Director of Contracting, AFICC/KC (OL-ACC) Address: 114 Thompson Street, Bldg 586, Room 129, Langley AFB, VA 23665 Telephone: (757) 764-5372 (DSN 574-5372) Email: acc.a7k1@us.af.mil Concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations that cannot be resolved at the Center/MAJCOM/DRU/SMC ombudsman level may be brought by the interested party for further consideration to the Air Force ombudsman: Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary (ADAS) (Contracting), SAF/AQC, 1060 Air Force Pentagon, Washington. The ombudsman has no authority to render a decision that binds the agency. Do not contact the ombudsman to request copies of the solicitation, verify offer due dates, or clarify technical requirements. Such inquiries shall be directed to the contracting officer. (End of clause) ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Attachments: 1. COMBO dated 23 April 26 2. PWS – Railroad Contract, dated 22 Apr 26 3. WD 2015-4341, Rev 32 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Any formal communication shall be submitted electronically (via email) to the POCs below. It is the offeror"s responsibility to confirm receipt of all formal communications. SSgt Gerell Johnson (gerell.johnson@us.af.mil) – Contract Specialist Mr. Chester “Chet” Terrill (chester.terrill.1@us.af.mil) – Contracting Officer

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/835679a4f469427f9b21399060872363/view)