---
layout: default
title: USCGC Bristol Bay DS Repairs FY26
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 87c07547941f4d30830c1bf1b002eaae
---

# USCGC Bristol Bay DS Repairs FY26

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-12 12:06:18.669-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z08526BristolSSN

## Summary

This SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE is for market research purposes only and does not constitute a Request for Proposal or Quotation. It is not considered to be a commitment by the Government to award a contract nor will the Government pay for any information provided; no basis for claim against the Government shall arise as a result from a response to this Sources Sought Notice or Government use of any information provided. Pursuant to FAR Part 6 and FAR Part 19, competition and set-aside decisions may be based on the results of this market research. Requirement: This notice is issued by the U.S. Coast Guard, Surface Force Logistics Center; Alameda, CA to identify sources capable of providing all necessary materials, equipment, and personnel to perform dockside repairs onboard USCGC BRISTOL BAY (WTGB 102) and BARGE (CGB 12001) homeported at 110 Mt. Elliott St. Detroit, MI 48207. This availability is subject to change at the discretion of the Government. PLEASE SEE WORK ITEMS BELOW AND ATTACHED SPECIFICATONS Anticipated Period of Performance: The anticipated period of performance is forty-two (42) calendar days beginning June 2nd, 2026, through July 13th, 2026 (subject to change at the discretion of the Government). NAICS Code/Size Standard: The applicable NAICS Code is 336611, Ship Building and Repairing and the size standard is 1,300 employees. Scope of Work: The scope of the acquisition is for dockside repairs to USCGC BRISTOL BAY (WTGB 102) and BARGE (CGB 12001). This work will include, but is not limited to the following work items, also subject to change at the discretion of the Government: There are approximately 42 Line Items. *** Please See Attachment*** Interested Companies may respond to this Sources Sought Notice via e-mail to: Catherine Chan at Catherine.K.Chan@uscg.mil AND Sandra Martinez at Sandra.A.Martinez@uscg.mil no later than 11:00 a.m. PST on March 27th, 2026. Submission of Information: Companies having capabilities necessary to meet or exceed the stated requirements are invited to provide information to contribute to this market survey/sources sought notice including commercial market information and company information. A. Provide the following information/documentation: 1. Company Name, Address and DUNS Number 2. Point of Contact and Phone Number 3. Business Size applicable to the NAICS Code: 8(a) Small Business Concern, HubZone Small Business Concern, Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Concern (SDVOSBC) or a Small Business Concern B. Provide Documentation Verifying Small Business Certification: 1. If claiming 8(a) status, provide a copy of your 8(a) Certificate from SBA. 2. If claiming HuBZone status, provide a copy of your HuBZone Certificate from SBA. 3. If claiming SDVOSB status, provide documentation that shows the Service Disabled Veteran (SDV) unconditionally owns 51 % of the business, controls the management and daily operations, and holds the highest officer position in the company. Documentation should also be provided to show that the SDV has a service-connected disability that has been determined by the Department of Defense or Department of Veteran Affairs. Finally, provide documentation that shows the business is small under the NAICS Code 336611. 4. d. If claiming VOSB status, provide documentation that shows the Veteran unconditionally owns 51% of the business, controls the management and daily operation, makes long-term decisions for the business, and holds the highest officer position in the company that works at the business fulltime during normal working hours. The documentation should also show the business is small under the NAICS Code 336611. 5. If claiming Small Business status, provide documentation to show the business is small under NAICS Code 336611. C. Provide Statement for Proposal Submission: Statement on how your company will do the work and that your company WILL submit a proposal as a prime contractor if a solicitation is issued as a result of this Sources Sought Notice. D. Provide Past Performance Information: Evidence of experience in work similar in type and scope to include contract numbers, project titles, dollar amounts, points of contact, and telephone numbers. If two companies are planning to conduct business as a Joint Venture or any other type of teaming agreement, they shall provide past performance on projects of similar scope that they have performed together as a Joint Venture. Providing individual past performance documentation from each company on separate projects where the two did not work together is not considered to be sufficient past performance. A Joint Venture that cannot provide this requested information will not be considered to have sufficient documentation needed to evaluate past performance as an evaluation factor. E. Acknowledge that your firm is in compliance Section 889 - Prohibition on Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment – as potential contractors may not sell or use. This may limit the competition pool or vehicle used as you review potential contractors' representations and certifications. See Section 889 Job Aid. FAR Clause 52.204-23 Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab and Other Covered Entities (DEC 2023)(Deviation 20-05) and FAR Clause 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (NOV 2021)(Deviation 20-05) Interested parties: Need to be register in the System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM can be obtained by accessing the internet at https://www.sam.gov. Failure to submit sufficient detailed information may result in considering a company as not a viable source and may influence competition and set-aside decisions. Regardless of the information obtained from this Sources Sought Notice, the Government reserves the right to consider any arrangement as deemed appropriate for this requirement. After a review of the responses received from this notice, a pre-solicitation/solicitation or combined synopsis solicitation may be published at https://www.sam.Gov; formerly Federal Business Opportunities (FBO.gov) website. It is the potential offeror's responsibility to monitor https://www.sam.Gov for release of any future solicitation that may result from this Sources Sought Notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Catherine Chan
  - Email: catherine.k.chan@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: SANDRA MARTINEZ
  - Email: sandra.a.martinez@uscg.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/87c07547941f4d30830c1bf1b002eaae/view)