---
layout: default
title: 52000QR260024220 USCGC DAVID DUREN FM200 INSEPECTION
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 415dc8ecbf854cab9d75a8815520da60
---

# 52000QR260024220 USCGC DAVID DUREN FM200 INSEPECTION

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 10:37:48.849-04
- Solicitation Number: 52000QR260024220

## Summary

52000QR260024220 USCGC DAVID DUREN FM200 INSEPECTION The objective of this SOW is to have a certified technician perform on-site diagnostics on the FM200 system for semiannual inspection. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information in this notice. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quote Number 52000QR260024220 USCGC DAVID DUREN FM200 INSEPECTION This procurement will be processed in accordance with FAR Part 12. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) is 423850 - Service Establishment Equipment and Supplies Merchant Wholesalers. This is total small business set aside; all responsible small business sources may submit proposals that will be considered. This synopsis/solicitation is issued pursuant to FAR 13.106-1(b), and the resultant purchase order will be awarded on a firm-fixed price basis using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR 13. THE UNITED STATED COAST GUARD SURFACE FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER REQUEST THE CONTRACTORS TO PROVIDE PRICING FOR THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENT: The contractor shall provide 52000QR260024220 USCGC DAVID DUREN FM200 INSEPECTION Statement of Work (SOW) USCGC DAVID DUREN: Pro2000 fire suppression system Background and Current Observed Issues The Pro2000 fire suppression system aboard the USCGC DAVID DUREN is requiring inspection. A qualified technician is required to perform a comprehensive on-site diagnostic inspection. Objectives The objective of this SOW is to have a certified technician perform on-site diagnostics on the FM200 system for semiannual inspection. Scope of Work The Contractor shall provide the services of a certified Tech Rep, who is familiar with the FM 200 fire suppression equipment/system to accomplish the following tasks – on site: Provide manufacturer's proprietary information, software, and tools pertinent to the equipment/system. Assist with proper repair methods, and ensure compliance with manufacturer's procedures and standards during disassembly, inspection, repair, modification, calibration, and reassembly of the equipment/system. Ensure that the Tech Rep is a Certified Representative of Chemetron Fire Systems. The Contractor shall furnish and install all protective coverings to seal off and protect all non-affected vessel's components, equipment, and spaces near the work area against contamination during the performance of work. Upon completion of work, the Contractor shall remove all installed protective measures, inspect for the presence of contamination, and return all contaminated equipment, components, and spaces to original condition of cleanliness. The Contractor shall handle all interferences in accordance with SFLC Std Spec 0000, paragraph 3.3.5 (Interferences). Known interferences include, but are not limited to the below-listed: Wiring Mounting brackets Machinery Prior to accomplishing the below listed tasks, the Contractor shall coordinate all test procedures, review all applicable safety precautions and cutter safety checklist with the COR. The Contractor shall perform a complete annual inspection on the three installed FM-200 systems as shown in Table 1, FM-200 Location, using the Coast Guard Drawings listed in Section 2 References and TP 8095 (Sections 7) as reference. The Contractor shall accomplish the following test on all primary and secondary FM-200 systems for the main engine room, generator room and emergency generator room: Remove the solenoid pilot valves from the primary and secondary cylinders in the port and starboard steering gear rooms and damage control locker. Verify that the fire panel is in the normal operation mode. Verify that the associated supply and exhaust ventilation fans and dampers are on/open. Operate the associated FM-200 release station. Time the pre-discharge delay and that the solenoid valve energizes after 30 seconds. Verify that all sirens, bells and strobe lights activate. Verify that the associated ventilation system, (fans and dampers) shut down. Verify that the MCMS indicates the shuts down of all associated engines, pumps and valves. Verify that the pilothouse alarm panel, Human Machine Interface (HMI) ventilation display, and MCMS indicate that the FM-200 system was activated. Simulate the FM-200 pressure switch activation by pulling down on the plunger located on the bottom of the pressure switch. Submit a CFR for any and all discrepancies. The Contractor shall inspect and test all cylinders for compliance with CFR Title 49, Section 173.34. Cylinder weight and pressure checks shall be accomplished using TP 8095, paragraph 7 as reference. Submit a CFR Deliverables Operational test, post-repair. After completion of work and in the presence of the Coast Guard Inspector, the Contractor shall thoroughly test and demonstrate all items or shipboard devices that have been disturbed, used, repaired, altered, or installed to be in satisfactory operating condition. Submit a CFR.

4.2 Condition Found Report (CFR): If major repairs are required, the Contractor shall provide a CFR to the Government Point of Contact within twenty-four (24) hours days of the site visit. This report shall include: The identified root cause(s) for the system alarms. A comprehensive list of parts (including part numbers and quantities) required to complete the repairs. A firm-fixed-price quote for the additional parts and labor needed to restore the system to full operational condition. Government Furnished Information (GFI) The following documents will be made available to the contractor for reference: Coast Guard Drawings Coast Guard Drawing 154 WPC 436-301, Rev B, Fire Detection System Coast Guard Drawing 154 WPC 555-201, Rev B, Fixed Fire Extinguishing System A&D FM-200 & R-102 Coast Guard Drawing 154 WPC 555-301, Rev D, Fixed Fire Extinguishing System Diagram Coast Guard Drawing 154 WPC 601-302, Rev C, General Arrangement Coast Guard Publications Coast Guard Technical Publication (TP) 8095, SWBS 555, Jun 2009, FM-200 Beta Fire Protection System Heptafluoropropane Suppression Design, Installation, Operation & Service Manual Surface Forces Logistics Center Standard Specification 0000 (SFLC Std Spec 0000), 2014, General Requirements Surface Forces Logistics Center Standard Specification 6310 (SFLC Std Spec 6310), 2014, Requirements for Preservation of Ship Structures Other References Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Title 49, Section

173.34 Period of Performance The on-site service shall be scheduled for one (1) full day on the Government's preferred date. Final scheduling shall be confirmed with the Vessel POC. Preferred date: Immediately upon award as soon as possible, from 4/16/2026-5/20/2026 Place of Performance The primary place of performance shall be onboard CGC David Duren, located at below address: CGC DAVID DUREN 37573 HIGHWAY 30 Astoria, OR 97103 Security Requirements All contractor personnel requiring access to the place of performance in order to perform work under this contract must possess a valid-state issued REAL ID-compliant driver’s license or identification card, or an acceptable alternative form of identification as defined by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) [https://www.dhs.gov/real-id]. It is the contractor’s responsibility to ensure that all personnel are properly credentialed to gain base access. Failure to comply with access requirements may result in delays to performance and will not constitute an excusable delay. Government Points of Contact (POC) Vessel POC (for on-site access and scheduling): MKC Thomas Hamil PH: 681-365-8286 Appendix A: List of Active Faults and Alarms to be Investigated 1-10-0-E FM200 release primary E-Gen 2-A-0-A thermal detector 2-25-0-L pullstation 3-40-2-E ER reserve solenoid activate 3-40-2-E FM200 release ER primary 3-40-1-E FM200 release GR primary 3-27-0-E pullstation aft 01-19-0-C photo detector FWD port 1-10-0-E photo detector 1-10-0-E EGEN horn/strobe 1-8-0-M photo detector magazine 1-12-1-L photo detector 1-12-2-L photodetector 1-15-2-L photo detector 01-19-0-C photo detector aft port 01-19-0-C pull station aft stairs 01-19-0-C photo detector aft stbd 01-19-0-C pull station stbd 01-19-0-C photo detector fwd stbd 01-19-0-C FM200 release ER primary 1-10-2-A EGEN primary solenoid activate 1-10-2-A EGEN solenoid reserve activate 1-8-0-M thermal switch stbd 1-18-2-Q thermal dry storage 1-23-0-L pull station port 3-3-0-E pull station 2-25-0-L FM200 release ER primary 3-36-0-E thermal detector stbd 3-36-0-E pull station port 3-40-1-E GR primary solenoid activate EDG stop Cable break SL-L1 reached 0 on X Cable break S1-L1 reached 68 on Y 2-10-1-L photo detector 2-20-1-L photo detector 3-36-0-E horn/strobe GR 2-10-0-L pullstation aft 2-23-0-L pullstation 01-19-0-C pullstation port 1-10-2-A FM200 release EGEN primary 1-8-0-M thermal/switch port 1-10-0-E pullstation EGEN 1-17-0-Q pullstation 1-18-2-Q thermal detector FWD 1-18-2-Q thermal detector MID 1-23-0-L pullstation stbd 3-36-0-E pullstation centerline 3-36-0-E thermal detector port 3-40-2-E FM200 release ER reserve 3-40-2-E pullstation 3-40-1-E pullstation 3-40-1-E FM200 release GR reserve 1-18-2-Q R102 discharge 3-40-1-E FM200 release EGEN primary 1-16-1-A photo detector 1-17-0-Q photo detector aft 1-24-1-Q photo detector 1-23-0-L photo detector stbd 1-23-2-L photo detector stairwell 1-23-0-L photo detector port 3-3-0-E photo detector 2-10-2-L pull station fwd 2-10-0-L photo detector 2-15-1-L photo detector 2-15-2-L photo detector 2-17-1-L photo detector 2-17-0-L photo detector 2-17-2-L phto detector 2-21-2-L photo detector 2-23-2-L photo detector 2-23-0-L photo detector 2-23-3-Q photo detector 2-25-0-L photo detector 2-23-4-A photo detector 3-40-2-E photo detector 3-40-2-E ER primary solenoid activate 3-40-1-E GR reserve solenoid activate 3-40-1-E photo detector Relay output module, GA alarm 1-15-0-L photo detector 1-17-0-Q photo detector fwd 1-10-0-E thermal detector EGEN Cable break S2-L1 reached 0 on X Cable break S2-L1 reached 75 on Y Interested Vendors shall provide product/service details, Product Data Sheet, and cost breakdown IAW SOW for technical review. Vendors shall provide a detailed cost breakdown to include all the specifications to be reviewed by a technical rep. NOTE: The USCG/Government reserves the right to Award on an All or None Basis, i.e., the Government may issue a Purchase Order (PO) to the offeror that submits the lowest aggregate price, rather than issue a PO to each offeror based on the lowest quotation on each item. As stated below, the provision at FAR 52.212-2- Evaluation-Commercial Items-applies with the following addenda: Award of a contract will be based on the following criteria: The purchase order will be awarded as a firm-fixed price contract using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR Part 13.5. 1. Please provide any warranty information. 2. Vendors MUST be registered in www.sam.gov The USCG/Government intends to award a purchase order resulting from this synopsis/solicitation to the responsible contractor whose quote conforms to the solicitation and is most advantageous and the best value to the Government, price and other factors considered. Please Note: Interested Offerors having the expertise as required are invited to submit a Firm Fixed Price quotation in conjunction with attached statement of work that will be considered by the agency. Quotations must be submitted on company letterhead stationery and must include the following information: (1) Cost Breakdown (2) Unit Cost (3) Extended Price (4) Total Price (5) Payment Terms (6) Discount offered for prompt payment (7) Company Unique Entity ID (UEI) and Cage Code.. Quotes must be received no later than APRIL 30, 2026 at 09 A.M. Eastern Standard Time. Email quotes are acceptable and shall be sent to the Contracting Officer, Joshua Miller and Tim Ford at email address TIMOTHY.S.FORD@USCG.MIL and Joshua.N.Miller@uscg.mil. Any questions or concerns regarding any aspect of the RFQ must be forwarded to the Contracting Officer, Joshua Miller and Tim Ford at email address Joshua.N.Miller@uscg.mil and TIMOTHY.S.FORD@USCG.MIL. The following FAR Clauses and Provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 - Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Items (Sep 2023) FAR 52.212-2 - Evaluation - Commercial Items (Nov 2021) Award will be made to the Offeror proposing the Best Value to the Government considering specification, price, past performance and quality. FAR 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (May 2024) to include Alt I (Nov 2021). Offeror shall complete annual representations and certification electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website accessed through https://www.sam.gov. FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions -Commercial Items (Nov 2023) with the following addenda. FAR 52.212-5 - Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items (Jan 2025) FAR 52.252-2 - Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), the full text of the clause may be accessed electronically at https://acquisition.gov. FAR 52.204-7 – System for Award Management (Nov 2024). Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. To facilitate payment via Electronic Funds Transfer - SAM, contractors shall be registered in SAM. A UEI number can be obtained via https://www.dnb.com and SAM registration can be obtained via https://www.sam.gov. The following clauses, and others as directed by the Contracting Officer as applicable, shall apply to this awarded contract: FAR 52.222-3 - Convict Labor (Jun 2003) FAR 52.222-19 - Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan2025) (E.O.13126). FAR 52.222-35 - Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-36 - Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). FAR 52.222-37 - Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-50 - Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). FAR 52.225-1 - Buy American Supplies (Oct 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). (51) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury).FAR 52.232-33 - Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - Systems for Award Management (Oct 2018) FAR 52.233-3 - Protest After Award (Aug 1996) FAR 52.233-4 - Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) NOTE: In addition to the listed clauses, please review the attached FAR Clause Matrix for all clauses applicable to this requirement. *The above/following clauses are incorporated by reference, entire clause(s) available at https://acquisition.gov. NOTICE TO OFFERORS CONCERNING REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS: This solicitation contains FAR Clause 52.204-7, System for Award Management and FAR Provision 52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications. In accordance with FAR 4.1201 (a), prospective contractors shall complete electronic annual representations and certifications via SAM accessed through https://www.sam.gov. Please ensure completion prior to submitting a quote. Paragraph (b) of FAR 52.204-8 applies. System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Additional examples include 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions—Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Timothy ford
  - Email: timothy.s.ford@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: joshua miller
  - Email: JOSHUA.N.MILLER@USCG.MIL
  - Phone: 7576284801

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: List of Active Faults and Alarms to be Investigated 1-10-0-E FM200 release primary E-Gen 2-A-0-A thermal detector 2-25-0-L pullstation 3-40-2-E ER reserve solenoid activate 3-40-2-E FM200 release ER primary 3-40-1-E FM200 release GR primary 3-27-0-E pullstation aft 01-19-0-C photo detector FWD port 1-10-0-E photo detector 1-10-0-E EGEN horn/strobe 1-8-0-M photo detector magazine 1-12-1-L photo detector 1-12-2-L photodetector 1-15-2-L photo detector 01-19-0-C photo detector aft port 01-19-0-C pull station aft stairs 01-19-0-C photo detector aft stbd 01-19-0-C pull station stbd 01-19-0-C photo detector fwd stbd 01-19-0-C FM200 release ER primary 1-10-2-A EGEN primary solenoid activate 1-10-2-A EGEN solenoid reserve activate 1-8-0-M thermal switch stbd 1-18-2-Q thermal dry storage 1-23-0-L pull station port 3-3-0-E pull station 2-25-0-L FM200 release ER primary 3-36-0-E thermal detector stbd 3-36-0-E pull station port 3-40-1-E GR primary solenoid activate EDG stop Cable break SL-L1 reached 0 on X Cable break S1-L1 reached 68 on Y 2-10-1-L photo detector 2-20-1-L photo detector 3-36-0-E horn/strobe GR 2-10-0-L pullstation aft 2-23-0-L pullstation 01-19-0-C pullstation port 1-10-2-A FM200 release EGEN primary 1-8-0-M thermal/switch port 1-10-0-E pullstation EGEN 1-17-0-Q pullstation 1-18-2-Q thermal detector FWD 1-18-2-Q thermal detector MID 1-23-0-L pullstation stbd 3-36-0-E pullstation centerline 3-36-0-E thermal detector port 3-40-2-E FM200 release ER reserve 3-40-2-E pullstation 3-40-1-E pullstation 3-40-1-E FM200 release GR reserve 1-18-2-Q R102 discharge 3-40-1-E FM200 release EGEN primary 1-16-1-A photo detector 1-17-0-Q photo detector aft 1-24-1-Q photo detector 1-23-0-L photo detector stbd 1-23-2-L photo detector stairwell 1-23-0-L photo detector port 3-3-0-E photo detector 2-10-2-L pull station fwd 2-10-0-L photo detector 2-15-1-L photo detector 2-15-2-L photo detector 2-17-1-L photo detector 2-17-0-L photo detector 2-17-2-L phto detector 2-21-2-L photo detector 2-23-2-L photo detector 2-23-0-L photo detector 2-23-3-Q photo detector 2-25-0-L photo detector 2-23-4-A photo detector 3-40-2-E photo detector 3-40-2-E ER primary solenoid activate 3-40-1-E GR reserve solenoid activate 3-40-1-E photo detector Relay output module, GA alarm 1-15-0-L photo detector 1-17-0-Q photo detector fwd 1-10-0-E thermal detector EGEN Cable break S2-L1 reached 0 on X Cable break S2-L1 reached 75 on Y Interested Vendors shall provide product/service details, Product Data Sheet, and cost breakdown IAW SOW for technical review. Vendors shall provide a detailed cost breakdown to include all the specifications to be reviewed by a technical rep. NOTE: The USCG/Government reserves the right to Award on an All or None Basis, i.e., the Government may issue a Purchase Order (PO) to the offeror that submits the lowest aggregate price, rather than issue a PO to each offeror based on the lowest quotation on each item. As stated below, the provision at FAR 52.212-2- Evaluation-Commercial Items-applies with the following addenda: Award of a contract will be based on the following criteria: The purchase order will be awarded as a firm-fixed price contract using simplified acquisition procedures in accordance with FAR Part 13.5. 1. Please provide any warranty information. 2. Vendors MUST be registered in www.sam.gov The USCG/Government intends to award a purchase order resulting from this synopsis/solicitation to the responsible contractor whose quote conforms to the solicitation and is most advantageous and the best value to the Government, price and other factors considered. Please Note: Interested Offerors having the expertise as required are invited to submit a Firm Fixed Price quotation in conjunction with attached statement of work that will be considered by the agency. Quotations must be submitted on company letterhead stationery and must include the following information: (1) Cost Breakdown (2) Unit Cost (3) Extended Price (4) Total Price (5) Payment Terms (6) Discount offered for prompt payment (7) Company Unique Entity ID (UEI) and Cage Code.. Quotes must be received no later than APRIL 30, 2026 at 09 A.M. Eastern Standard Time. Email quotes are acceptable and shall be sent to the Contracting Officer, Joshua Miller and Tim Ford at email address TIMOTHY.S.FORD@USCG.MIL and Joshua.N.Miller@uscg.mil. Any questions or concerns regarding any aspect of the RFQ must be forwarded to the Contracting Officer, Joshua Miller and Tim Ford at email address Joshua.N.Miller@uscg.mil and TIMOTHY.S.FORD@USCG.MIL. The following FAR Clauses and Provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 - Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Items (Sep 2023) FAR 52.212-2 - Evaluation - Commercial Items (Nov 2021) Award will be made to the Offeror proposing the Best Value to the Government considering specification, price, past performance and quality. FAR 52.212-3 - Offeror Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (May 2024) to include Alt I (Nov 2021). Offeror shall complete annual representations and certification electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website accessed through https://www.sam.gov. FAR 52.212-4 - Contract Terms and Conditions -Commercial Items (Nov 2023) with the following addenda. FAR 52.212-5 - Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items (Jan 2025) FAR 52.252-2 - Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998), the full text of the clause may be accessed electronically at https://acquisition.gov. FAR 52.204-7 – System for Award Management (Nov 2024). Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. Contractors are located and identified in SAM by their UEI number. To facilitate payment via Electronic Funds Transfer - SAM, contractors shall be registered in SAM. A UEI number can be obtained via https://www.dnb.com and SAM registration can be obtained via https://www.sam.gov. The following clauses, and others as directed by the Contracting Officer as applicable, shall apply to this awarded contract: FAR 52.222-3 - Convict Labor (Jun 2003) FAR 52.222-19 - Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan2025) (E.O.13126). FAR 52.222-35 - Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-36 - Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). FAR 52.222-37 - Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). FAR 52.222-50 - Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). FAR 52.225-1 - Buy American Supplies (Oct 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). (51) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury).FAR 52.232-33 - Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer - Systems for Award Management (Oct 2018) FAR 52.233-3 - Protest After Award (Aug 1996) FAR 52.233-4 - Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) NOTE: In addition to the listed clauses, please review the attached FAR Clause Matrix for all clauses applicable to this requirement. *The above/following clauses are incorporated by reference, entire clause(s) available at https://acquisition.gov. NOTICE TO OFFERORS CONCERNING REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS: This solicitation contains FAR Clause 52.204-7, System for Award Management and FAR Provision 52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications. In accordance with FAR 4.1201 (a), prospective contractors shall complete electronic annual representations and certifications via SAM accessed through https://www.sam.gov. Please ensure completion prior to submitting a quote. Paragraph (b) of FAR 52.204-8 applies. System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Additional examples include 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions—Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/415dc8ecbf854cab9d75a8815520da60/view)