---
layout: default
title: Davidson River Campground Brevard Sewer Project
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 88b7ba8f428744c686abb42ddd550703
---

# Davidson River Campground Brevard Sewer Project

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 08:24:15.238-05
- Solicitation Number: 12445226Q0005

## Summary

March 6, 2026 A new attachment titled "24040 US Forest Service-Revised PS Detail Sheets" is posted in the attachment/links section. These revised Sheets shall replace and supersede Sheet 18 and Sheet 28 in all previous versions of the Plans. These plan revisions include the following design modifications: Both proposed wet well depths have been increased by 12” The base of the proposed Sycamore Flats Pump Station has been increased in dimensions. ______________________________________________________________________________________ March 4, 2026 The purpose of this announcement is to provide the updated bid gurantee requirement per FAR 52.228-1 Bid Guarantee, item (c) (c) The amount of the bid guarantee shall be 30% percent of the bid price or $ 3,000,000.00, whichever is less. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- February 27, 2026 The purpose of this announcement is to provide the bid gurantee percentage per FAR 52.228-1 Bid Guarantee, item (c) (c) The amount of the bid guarantee shall be 100% percent of the bid price or $________, whichever is less. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- February 26, 2026 The purpose of this Amendment is to: 1. Post the Questions and Answers submitted by Industry by the due date specified in the solicitation 2. Post revised solicitation and other documents due to changes deemed necessary by Questions and Answers 3. Extend the Quote due date to March 11, 2026 at 5:00 PM EST Please note: All documents that have been changed have been notated as revised in the document title. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 12445226Q0005 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) to replace the existing Schenck Job Corps pump station and existing force main to connect The Davidson River Campground and Pisgah Ranger District facilities north of US 276 to the City of Brevard Wastewater Collection System. Performance & Payment Bonds (FAR 52.228-15) s: Both required 100% of original contract award price. Due 5 days after an award. Irrevocable letter or credit or Payment Bond form SF-25A & Performance Bond Form SF-25 are allowed per FAR 52.228-13. Bid Bond form is SF24. Disclosure of the Magnitude of Construction Projects: The Magnitude of this project is between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 237110. The small business size standard is $45 million. This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-Aside. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. See “Attachment 1 - Solicitation Terms and Conditions- Davidson River Campground Brevard Sewer Project” for applicable clauses, instructions, and evaluation criteria. Statement of Requirement This project will replace the existing Schenck Job Corps pump station and existing force main to connect The Davidson River Campground and Pisgah Ranger District facilities north of US 276 to the City of Brevard Wastewater Collection System. This infrastructure is failing and incurring significant sewer surcharges to the Forest Service as well as contributing to Sanitary Sewer Overflows. Further details are located in the following attachments: Attachment 2- 2025 DRCG Brevard Sewer Tech Specs Attachment 3- Supp Spec Station 01400 Measurement & Payment Attachment 4- 2025 DRCG Brevard Sewer_FinalPlans Signed Reduced Size.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: SIMS, JALISA C
  - Email: jalisa.sims@usda.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: "24040 US Forest Service-Revised PS Detail Sheets" is posted in the attachment/links section. These revised Sheets shall replace and supersede Sheet 18 and Sheet 28 in all previous versions of the Plans. These plan revisions include the following design modifications: Both proposed wet well depths have been increased by 12” The base of the proposed Sycamore Flats Pump Station has been increased in dimensions. ______________________________________________________________________________________ March 4, 2026 The purpose of this announcement is to provide the updated bid gurantee requirement per FAR 52.228-1 Bid Guarantee, item (c) (c) The amount of the bid guarantee shall be 30% percent of the bid price or $ 3,000,000.00, whichever is less. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- February 27, 2026 The purpose of this announcement is to provide the bid gurantee percentage per FAR 52.228-1 Bid Guarantee, item (c) (c) The amount of the bid guarantee shall be 100% percent of the bid price or $________, whichever is less. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- February 26, 2026 The purpose of this Amendment is to: 1. Post the Questions and Answers submitted by Industry by the due date specified in the solicitation 2. Post revised solicitation and other documents due to changes deemed necessary by Questions and Answers 3. Extend the Quote due date to March 11, 2026 at 5:00 PM EST Please note: All documents that have been changed have been notated as revised in the document title. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; offers are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 12445226Q0005 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) to replace the existing Schenck Job Corps pump station and existing force main to connect The Davidson River Campground and Pisgah Ranger District facilities north of US 276 to the City of Brevard Wastewater Collection System. Performance & Payment Bonds (FAR 52.228-15) s: Both required 100% of original contract award price. Due 5 days after an award. Irrevocable letter or credit or Payment Bond form SF-25A & Performance Bond Form SF-25 are allowed per FAR 52.228-13. Bid Bond form is SF24. Disclosure of the Magnitude of Construction Projects: The Magnitude of this project is between $1,000,000 and $5,000,000. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 237110. The small business size standard is $45 million. This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-Aside. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. See “Attachment 1 - Solicitation Terms and Conditions- Davidson River Campground Brevard Sewer Project” for applicable clauses, instructions, and evaluation criteria. Statement of Requirement This project will replace the existing Schenck Job Corps pump station and existing force main to connect The Davidson River Campground and Pisgah Ranger District facilities north of US 276 to the City of Brevard Wastewater Collection System. This infrastructure is failing and incurring significant sewer surcharges to the Forest Service as well as contributing to Sanitary Sewer Overflows. Further details are located in the following attachments: Attachment 2- 2025 DRCG Brevard Sewer Tech Specs Attachment 3- Supp Spec Station 01400 Measurement & Payment Attachment 4- 2025 DRCG Brevard Sewer_FinalPlans Signed Reduced Size

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/88b7ba8f428744c686abb42ddd550703/view