---
layout: default
title: 7920--RFQ Janitorial Supplies | Bakersfield Clinic
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 7ad4de0ba74b4acabb59f9c711d86b96
---

# 7920--RFQ Janitorial Supplies | Bakersfield Clinic

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 17:59:47.538-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24W26Q0122
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular FAC 2026-01. This solicitation is set-aside for SDVOSB The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 339994, with a small business size standard of 1000 employees. The FSC/PSC is 7920. The Regional Procurement Office West (RPOW) Activations II 3237 Peacekeeper Way Building 200 Suite 204 McClellan Park CA 95652 is seeking to purchase Janitorial Supplies. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services: ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

2.00 EA __________________ __________________ Rubbermaid Commercial High Security Janitor Cart For Microfiber Products, Black - RCP9T7500BK (531797) LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: JSN F0500 0002

2.00 EA __________________ __________________ (115180) Wavebrake Side Press Mop Bucket and Ringer Combo, 35 Quart, Yellow - RCP758088YL LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: JSN F0505 0003

1.00 EA __________________ __________________ RBBRMD 1YD HD TILT TRUCK BLK - 332872694 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: JSN F0530 0004

118.00 EA __________________ __________________ Rubbermaid Commercial Products 14 qt. Fire Resistant Waste Basket dimension: 8.25 in. W x 11.125 in. D x 12.25 in. H LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: JSN F2000 0005

88.00 EA __________________ __________________ (120937) FRONT-STEP CONT SS/BLK 8GALSLIM JIM STEP-ON METAL CONTAIN - RCP1901985 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: JSN F2010 0006

7.00 EA __________________ __________________ Rubbermaid 1961621 Configure 23 Gallon Stenni Gray 1 Stream Landfill Indoor Square Waste Container - 1961621 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: JSN F2015 0007

1.00 EA __________________ __________________ Rubbermaid Commercial Slim Jim 24 Gallon Stainless Steel Front Step Trash Can (Black) - RCP1901999 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: JSN F2017 0008

2.00 EA __________________ __________________ (126170) Rubbermaid Commercial BRUTE 44 Gal. Round Trash Can - FG264360GRAY LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: JSN F2020 0009

2.00 EA __________________ __________________ Brute Trash Can Dolly - RCP26400BK LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: JAN F2020A 0010

2.00 EA __________________ __________________ (126138) Rubbermaid Commercial 44 Gallon Bruter Trash Can Lid (Gray) - FG264560GRAY LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: JSN F2020B 0011

2.00 EA __________________ __________________ (MFG FG614500RED) Rubbermaid Commercial 18-Gal Legacy Plastic Step-On Trash Can (Red) - 812270 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: JSN M3072 0012

29.00 EA __________________ __________________ (812266) 8G Red Rect Step-On Can - 334582435 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: JSN M3073 GRAND TOTAL __________________ Statement of work INTRODUCTION: The purpose of this Statement of Work (SOW) is to outline the tasks and responsibilities of the vendor in supplying various facilities equipment including wastebaskets, janitor carts, mops, tilt trucks, and trash cans for the Bakersfield VA Clinic within VISN22 under VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System. BACKGROUND: The Bakersfield VA Clinic is part of VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System. That offers primary care, dental, women s health, physical therapy, mental health, telehealth, and other specialty services. It has a required need for new janitorial furniture and equipment. PURPOSE: The janitorial furniture and equipment are necessary to maintain a sanitary, clean environment of care for patients and ensure proper waste management of both general and medical waste. SCOPE: VA GLA is requesting contractors provide brand name or equal that meet or exceed the physical, functional and performance of the listed salient characteristics in this section. The equipment feature is essential to the technical requirements to meet the needs of the government. PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS: Equipment must have the physical characteristics to enable the government to perform the capabilities: F0500 Janitor Cart Rubbermaid Janitor Trolley FG9T7500 a) Must have a storage capacity of 7.25 cu. ft. b) Shall be composed of aluminum and structural web plastic composition with water- and chemical-resistant finish c) Will have a preassembled locking hood. 2 locking doors, (2) 8-in. rubber wheels, and (2) 4-in. casters (full swivel) d) Must include a. 5 rubber tool grip holders b. 2 rubber hooks for safety signs c. 34-gal. waste/recycling bag d. Zippered, leak-resistant trash bag e. Removable mop bucket platform with securing grooves for microfiber charging buckets f. Interchangeable comfort-grip handle e) Quantity: 2 F0505 Bucket, Mop, With Wringer Rubbermaid Mop Bucket and Wringer FG758088YEL a) Consists of mobile mop bucket/wringer combination b) Must include four non-marking 3-inch casters c) Shall include a bucket handle and single-compartment bucket d) Must be a side press wringer with 8.75 gallon capacity e) Color shall be yellow f) Bucket shall be plastic with a steel handle g) Quantity: 2 F0530 Cart, Trash Rubbermaid Brute Rotomolded Tilt Truck FG131600BLA a) Must have capacity of 1 cubic yard b) Must be able to transport 2,100 lbs. c) Must be constructed rotomolded resin d) Must have leakproof polyethylene bottom e) Shall have (2) 5" swivel casters f) Shall have (2) 12" inset wheels g) Must have powder coated steel frame h) Color: black i) Quantity: 1 F2000 Basket, Wastepaper Rubbermaid Fire Resistant Wastebasket 2541 a) Must be fire resistant b) Consist of rounded corners c) Constructed of fiberglass d) Shall be rust-proof e) Must be approved for fire safety and have been product-tested to be able to contain burning paper without melting f) Color to be determined by VA g) Quantity: 118 F2010 Basket, Wastepaper, Step- On Rubbermaid Step Can Slim Jim 1901985 a) Must have slim profile and small footprint b) Controlled lid-closure c) Internal hinge design d) Must be factory mutual certified to ensure fire safety for regulatory compliance e) Must meet OSHA and OBRA standards for worker and environmental safety f) Must have foot-pedal g) Liner shall be able to cinch easily and securely holds polyliners h) Shall have fingerprint resistant stainless steel i) Must be able to hold 8 gallons j) Quantity: 88 F2015 Basket, Wastepaper, 2 Swinging Door Rubbermaid Configure 1961621 a) Must have 23-gallon capacity b) Must be constructed of corrosion-resistant heavy gauge steel with a damage-resistant powder coat finish c) Must have contoured edges and magnetic connections d) Should have rounded glide feet e) Must have front door with handle f) Must have plastic liner with handles and built in venting channels g) Quantity: 7 F2017 Waste Receptacle, 24 Gallon Rubbermaid Impressions 1901999 a) Rectangular steel waste receptacle with step-on lid b) Shall have 24-gallon capacity c) Must have slim profile and small footprint d) Internal hinge design e) Smooth surfaces and contoured edges f) Constructed of stainless steel g) Quantity: 1 F2020 Can, Trash, 44 Gallon Rubbermaid Vented Brute 44 GAL Gray FG264360GRAY a) 44-gallon trash container with lid and dolly b) Rounded handles provide comfortable, non-slip lifting and anti-jam nesting c) Shall have built in four venting channels d) Shall have integrated cinches e) Shall have contoured base handles f) Shall be composed of professional-grade plastic g) Stackable h) Color: Gray i) The unit must come with (5) 3" integrated swivel wheels dolly (FG264000BLA) and 44-gallon gray lid (FG264560GRAY) j) Quantity: 2 M3072 Frame, Infectious Waste Bag Rubbermaid Legacy Step-On Container FG614500RED a) Must be a container for medical waste containment b) Capacity of 18 gallons c) Slow close d) Integrated lid damper e) Puncture resistant f) All plastic construction g) Step on pedal h) Color: red i) Must be compliant with OSHA, OBRA j) Quantity: 2 M3073 Container, Biohazard Waste, Step- On Rubbermaid Step-On Receptacle 6143 a) Step-On container for biohazardous waste b) Slow-close, integrated lid damper c) Must be puncture-resistant d) All-plastic construction e) Quiet, heavy-duty pedal for hands-free, sanitary use f) Must be compliant with industry standards, such as FM, OSHA, and OBRA. g) Color: Red h) Have a capacity of 8 gallons i) Quantity: 29 FUNCTIONAL AND PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS: Equipment must provide functional and performance capability as listed above in section above. TRAINING: N/A WARRANTY OF EQUIPMENT: Government requirement for standard manufacturer industry warranty term. Government does not accept extended warranty, which requires advance payment. PERFORMANCE: All items to be delivered and installed after receipt of purchase order by 8/1/2026. Site visit prior to installation can be arranged with VA COR. Hours: Normal duty hours are 8:00 a.m. through 3:00 p.m., Monday through Friday, not including federal holidays. Whenever contact with a facility is required outside of normal duty hours, the Contractor shall coordinate these times with the designated COR, POC or designer. In accordance with 5 U.S.C. 6103, Executive Order 11582 and Public Law 94-97 the following national holidays are observed and for the purpose of this contract are defined as Legal Federal official holidays New Year s Day January 1st Martin Luther King s Birthday Third Monday in January President s Day Last Monday in January Memorial Day Last Monday in January Juneteenth June 19th Independence Day July 4th Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in October Veteran s Day November 11th Thanksgiving Day Fourth Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25th Noncontract Charges: The contractor shall not perform any service that will result in additional charges without prior approval from the Contracting Officer. Payment: Payment will be made upon receipt of a properly prepared invoice which references the period for which payment is due, the contract number and/or assigned purchase order number. The invoice must include the correct payment address. Waste Removal: The contractor is responsible for removing and properly disposing of all waste related to the services provided on-site at all VA facilities. Failure to carry out the above procedures will be considered as a failure to document the service visit and will constitute a failure to perform. All shipping for parts will be included in the cost of the contract. PLACE OF DELIVERY: VA Bakersfield Activation Warehouse c/o Hansen s Moving and Storage, Inc. 3501 N. Sillect Ave. Bakersfield, CA 93308 SECURITY Information Security The vendor shall ensure adequate LAN/Internet, data, information, and system security in accordance with VA standard operating procedures and standard contract language, conditions laws, and regulations. The vendor s firewall and web server shall meet or exceed the government s minimum requirements for security. All government data shall be protected behind an approved firewall. Any security violations or attempted violations shall be reported to the VA Project Manager and the VBA Headquarters Information Security Officer as soon as possible. The vendor shall follow all applicable VA policies and procedures governing information security, especially those that pertain to certification accreditation. The contractor shall follow The Veterans Affair Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) security clause VAAR- 852.273-75 SECURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY RESOURCES sited in section C. Contract Clauses (a) The contractor and their personnel shall be subject to the same Federal laws, regulations, standards and VA policies as VA personnel, regarding information and information system security. These include but are not limited to Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), Appendix III of OMB Circular A-130, and guidance and standards, available from the Department of Commerce's National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). This also includes the use of common security configurations available from NIST's Web site at: http://checklists.nist.gov To ensure that appropriate security controls are in place, Contractors must follow the procedures set forth in "VA Information and Information System Security/Privacy Requirements for IT Contracts" located at the following Web site: http://www.iprm.oit.va.gov Contract Personnel Security All contractor employees who require access to the Department of Veterans Affairs' computer systems shall be the subject of a background investigation and must receive a favorable adjudication from the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C). The level of background security investigation will be in accordance with VA Directive 0710 dated September 10, 2004 and is available at: http://www.va.gov/pubs/asp/edsdirec.asp (VA Handbook 0710, Appendix A, Tables 1 - 3). Appropriate Background Investigation (BI) forms will be provided upon contract (or task order) award, and are to be completed and returned to the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) within 30 days for processing. Contractors will be notified by 07C when the BI has been completed and adjudicated. These requirements are applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. If the security clearance investigation is not completed prior to the start date of the contract, the employee may work on the contract while the security clearance is being processed, but the contractor will be responsible for the actions of those individuals they provide to perform work for the VA. In the event that damage arises from work performed by contractor personnel, under the auspices of the contract, the contractor will be responsible for resources necessary to remedy the incident. Delivery shall be provided no later than 60 days after receipt of order (ARO). FOB Destination Place of Delivery Address: Greater Los Angeles VHA Veterans Health Administration VA Bakersfield Activation Warehouse c/o Hansen s Moving and Storage, Inc. 3501 N. Sillect Ave. Bakersfield, CA Postal Code: 93308 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION AUG 2025) Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: 52.212-1Â Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION AUG 2025) (a)Â Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. As a minimum, offers shall include (1)Â The solicitation number; (2)Â The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3)Â The Offeror s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4)Â Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described in the solicitation; (5)Â Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (6)Â A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b)Â Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c)Â Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1)Â Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2)Â Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is late and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3)Â If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4)Â Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d)Â Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror s initial offer should contain the Offeror s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e)Â Debriefings. If a postaward debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1)Â The agency s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror s offer. (2)Â The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3)Â The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4)Â A summary of the rationale for award. (5)Â For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6)Â Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) FAR Title Number 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration (NOV 2024) (DEVIATION NOV (2025) 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside. (NOV 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies (OCT 2022) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate. Oct 2022 25.1101(a)(2) 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate. (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.233-3 Protest after Award. (AUG 1996) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 852.208-71 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factor Commitments Orders and BPAs (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) 852.219-73 VA Notice to Total Set-Aside for Certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) 852.247-71 Delivery Location (OCT 2018) 852.247-72 Marking Deliverables (OCT 2018) All quoters shall submit the following: Quote Submission - must be valid for 60 days. Vendor must include shipping cost on the items priced. Vendor must quote all line items in the solicitation. Completed Price/Delivery Schedule Provide Country of Origin with quote/offer. (Per 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate) All quotes shall be sent to: Contract Specialist Erica Perry-Johnson at erica.perry-johnson@va.gov. Vendors can expect a confirmation email. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) The following are the decision factors: Technical - Meets all specifications and salient characteristics delivery - Ability to meet required delivery schedule price Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services Nov 2023. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Please submit all questions via email by 21 April 2026, 1:00 PM PST, and will not be considered if received after 9 April 2026, 1:00 PM PST to erica.perry-johnson@va.gov. The subject line must specify 36C24W26Q0122 Janitorial Supplies Questions. There will be no automated email notification of receipt of questions. An amendment will be posted to the solicitation addressing any questions submitted by potential offerors. Quotes must be received via email only by 29 April 2026, 09:00 AM PST. and will not be considered if received after 13 April 2026, 09:00 AM PST. Email your quote to erica.perry-johnson@va.gov. The subject line must specify 36C24W26Q0122 Janitorial Supplies Solicitation. Vendors can expect a confirmation email.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Erica D Perry-Johnson
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: erica.perry-johnson@va.gov.
  - Phone: 702-241-1225

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: of OMB Circular A-130, and guidance and standards, available from the Department of Commerce"s National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). This also includes the use of common security configurations available from NIST"s Web site at: http://checklists.nist.gov To ensure that appropriate security controls are in place, Contractors must follow the procedures set forth in "VA Information and Information System Security/Privacy Requirements for IT Contracts" located at the following Web site: http://www.iprm.oit.va.gov Contract Personnel Security All contractor employees who require access to the Department of Veterans Affairs" computer systems shall be the subject of a background investigation and must receive a favorable adjudication from the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C). The level of background security investigation will be in accordance with VA Directive 0710 dated September 10, 2004 and is available at: http://www.va.gov/pubs/asp/edsdirec.asp (VA Handbook 0710, Appendix A, Tables 1 - 3). Appropriate Background Investigation (BI) forms will be provided upon contract (or task order) award, and are to be completed and returned to the VA Security and Investigations Center (07C) within 30 days for processing. Contractors will be notified by 07C when the BI has been completed and adjudicated. These requirements are applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. If the security clearance investigation is not completed prior to the start date of the contract, the employee may work on the contract while the security clearance is being processed, but the contractor will be responsible for the actions of those individuals they provide to perform work for the VA. In the event that damage arises from work performed by contractor personnel, under the auspices of the contract, the contractor will be responsible for resources necessary to remedy the incident. Delivery shall be provided no later than 60 days after receipt of order (ARO). FOB Destination Place of Delivery Address: Greater Los Angeles VHA Veterans Health Administration VA Bakersfield Activation Warehouse c/o Hansen s Moving and Storage, Inc. 3501 N. Sillect Ave. Bakersfield, CA Postal Code: 93308 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (DEVIATION AUG 2025) Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The following provision is incorporated into 52.212-1 as an addendum to this solicitation: 52.212-1Â Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION AUG 2025) (a)Â Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. As a minimum, offers shall include (1)Â The solicitation number; (2)Â The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3)Â The Offeror s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4)Â Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described in the solicitation; (5)Â Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (6)Â A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b)Â Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c)Â Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1)Â Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2)Â Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is late and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3)Â If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4)Â Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d)Â Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror s initial offer should contain the Offeror s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e)Â Debriefings. If a postaward debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1)Â The agency s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror s offer. (2)Â The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3)Â The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4)Â A summary of the rationale for award. (5)Â For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6)Â Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) FAR Title Number 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration (NOV 2024) (DEVIATION NOV (2025) 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside. (NOV 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies (OCT 2022) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate. Oct 2022 25.1101(a)(2) 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate. (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 52.233-3 Protest after Award. (AUG 1996) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) 852.208-71 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factor Commitments Orders and BPAs (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) 852.219-73 VA Notice to Total Set-Aside for Certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) 852.247-71 Delivery Location (OCT 2018) 852.247-72 Marking Deliverables (OCT 2018) All quoters shall submit the following: Quote Submission - must be valid for 60 days. Vendor must include shipping cost on the items priced. Vendor must quote all line items in the solicitation. Completed Price/Delivery Schedule Provide Country of Origin with quote/offer. (Per 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate) All quotes shall be sent to: Contract Specialist Erica Perry-Johnson at erica.perry-johnson@va.gov. Vendors can expect a confirmation email. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) The following are the decision factors: Technical - Meets all specifications and salient characteristics delivery - Ability to meet required delivery schedule price Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services Nov 2023. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Please submit all questions via email by 21 April 2026, 1:00 PM PST, and will not be considered if received after 9 April 2026, 1:00 PM PST to erica.perry-johnson@va.gov. The subject line must specify 36C24W26Q0122 Janitorial Supplies Questions. There will be no automated email notification of receipt of questions. An amendment will be posted to the solicitation addressing any questions submitted by potential offerors. Quotes must be received via email only by 29 April 2026, 09:00 AM PST. and will not be considered if received after 13 April 2026, 09:00 AM PST. Email your quote to erica.perry-johnson@va.gov. The subject line must specify 36C24W26Q0122 Janitorial Supplies Solicitation. Vendors can expect a confirmation email

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7ad4de0ba74b4acabb59f9c711d86b96/view)