---
layout: default
title: Temperature Monitoring System: Naval Hospital Jacksonville, FL
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: da74596068154cdaa5a4e8b31b02f323
---

# Temperature Monitoring System: Naval Hospital Jacksonville, FL

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 13:49:15.069-04
- Solicitation Number: HT940626TMS

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation This combined synopsis/solicitation is amended to extend the due date for quote to 5:00pm EST on 24 February, 2026. Previous Contract Information: N6890821P0032, REES Scientific Corporation, 1007 Whitehead Road Ext STE 1 Ewing, NJ 08638 This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are not being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Defense Health Agency Healthcare Contracting Division - Southeast (DHA HCD- Southeast) intends to award a firm fixed price, sole source purchase order to Rees Scientific Corporation located at 1007 Whitehead Road Trenton, NJ 08638 for preventative and corrective maintenance of the Rees Scientific Corporation Temperature Monitoring System. The statutory authority for the sole source procurement of these supplies and services is Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 13.106-1(b)(1), Soliciting from a Single Source, which states, “For purchases not exceeding the Simplified Acquisition Threshold (SAT), (i) Contracting officers may solicit from one source if the contracting officer determines that the circumstances of the contract action deem only one source reasonably available.” This notice is not a request for competitive proposals. However, the Government will consider all quotes received prior to the closing date and time of this solicitation. The solicitation number is HT940626TMS. This announcement is issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). Naval Hospital Jacksonville, FL and, five (5) associated branch health clinics and two (2) veterinary clinics have areas and equipment that must maintain specific temperature and humidity levels to ensure the proper environment for operating room procedures, storage of sterilized equipment for surgical procedures, storage of refrigerated lab samples, medications and immunizations. The temperature monitoring system requires calibration, certification and preventive maintenance to be conducted annually by personnel who are trained and certified on the existing REES Temperature Monitoring System installed throughout the enterprise. The temperature monitoring system requires corrective maintenance to be conducted on an as needed basis by personnel who are trained and certified on the existing REES Temperature Monitoring System installed. The Contractor shall maintain the equipment within the original equipment manufacturers (OEM)specifications, in accordance with the newest US, State, and Local law and regulations, Defense Health Agency (DHA) regulations and manufacturer’s specifications. When product recalls or upgrades are necessary to maintain the equipment in service within the original manufacturer’s specifications, the Contractor shall obtain and install same. Contractor will perform preventative maintenance services, scheduled and unscheduled in accordance with the Performance Work Statement (PWS). Contract Line-Item Structure (CLINS) Contractor shall provide pricing strictly in accordance with the established Contract Line Item Number structure provided below. Pricing shall be entered for each CLIN and Option Period. Contractors shall not add, delete or modify CLINs. All pricing shall be inclusive of all costs necessary to perform the requirements in accordance with the Performance Work Statement. Description Quantity Unit of Measure Price 0001 Rees Maintenance Services (Base Period 12 months) 1 Job $ 1001 Rees Maintenance Services (Option Period 1, 12 months) 1Job $ 2001 Rees Maintenance Services (Option Period 2, 12 months) 1 Job $ 3001 Rees Maintenance Services (Option Period 3, 12 months) 1 Job $ 4001 Rees Maintenance Services (Option Period 4, 12 months) 1 Job $ 5001 Rees Maintenance Services (6 month extension if 52.217-8 exercised) 1 Job $ Period of Performance: Base Period: 15 May 2026- 14 May 2027 Option Period I: 15 May 2027 – 14 May 2028 Option Period II: 15 May 2028 – 14 May 2029 Option Period III: 15 May 2029 – 14 May 2030 6-month extension if exercised per FAR 52.217-8)15 May 2031 – 14 November 2031 Place of Performance: Naval Hospital Jacksonville, Florida. Enterprise, with locations in Jacksonville, FL, Key West, FL, and Albany, GA Clauses and Provisions: The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial, applies to this acquisition. The following addenda have been attached to this provision: None. The provision at FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation - Commercial Items, is applicable to this acquisition. The specific evaluation criteria to be included in paragraph (a) of that provision are as follows: N/A Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at FAR 52.212-3 (with its Alternate I), Offeror Representations with its offer The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The following addenda has been attached to this clause: None. The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Items and the selected clauses listed in DFARS

212.301 Solicitation provisions and Contract Clauses for the Acquisition of Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition. The following additional FAR/DFARS clauses cited in this clause are applicable: 52.204-10, REPORTING EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND FIRST-TIER SUBCONTRACT AWARDS (OCT 2018) 52.209-6, PROTECTING THE GOVERNMENT’ INTEREST WHEN SUBCONTRACTING WITH CONTRACTORS DEBARRED, SUSPENDED, OR PROPOSED FOR DEBARMENT (NOV 2021) 52.222-26, EQUAL OPPORTUNITY (SEP 2016) 52.222-50, COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS (NOV 2021) 52.222-54, EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION (NOV 2021) 52.223-18, ENCOURAGING CONTRACTOR POLICIES TO BAN TEXT MESSAGING WHILE DRIVING (AUG 2011) 52.225-13, RESTRICTIONS ON CERTAIN FOREIGN PURCHASES (JUN 2008) NOTE: The following additional contract requirement(s) or terms and conditions apply (full text of all FAR/DFARS clauses that contain fill-in information, as well as all local clauses, can be found in the attached Provisions and Clauses Full-Text document) 52.204-7, SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (OCT 2018) 52.204-16, COMMERCIAL AND GOVERNMENT ENTITY CODE REPORTING (AUG 2020) 52.204-24, REPRESENTATION REGARDING CERTAIN TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND VIDEO SURVEILLANCE SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT (NOV 2021) 52.252-1, PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) 52.204-13, SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT MAINTENANCE (OCT 2018) 52.204-18, COMMERCIAL AND GOVERNMENT ENTITY CODE MAINTENANCE (AUG 2020) 52.204-19 INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE OF REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEC 2014) 52.204-20, PREDECESSOR OF OFFEROR (AUG 2020) 52.232-40, PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTORS (NOV 2021) 52.247-34, F.O.B. DESTINATION (NOV 1991) 52.252-2, CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options. 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract 252.203-7000, REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO COMPENSATION OF FORMER DOD OFFICIALS (SEP 2011) 252.203-7002 REQUIREMENT TO INFORM EMPLOYEES OFWHISTLEBLOWER RIGHTS (SEP 2013) 252.204-7000, DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION (OCT 2016) 252.204-7003 CONTROL OF GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL WORK PRODUCT (APR 1992) 252.204-7012, SAFEGUARDING COVERED DEFENSE INFORMATION AND CYBER INCIDENT REPORTING (OCT 2016) 252.232-7003, ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION OF PAYMENT REQUESTS AND RECEIVING REPORTS (JUN 2012) 252.232-7006, WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS Contract Financing: The Government is contemplating a Commercial, Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Contract type for this requirement under the FAR Part 13 Simplified Acquisition Procedures (SAP). In accordance with FAR 32.003, contract financing cannot be provided for this acquisition. Questions: Regarding this solicitation, questions shall be submitted via email to Contract Specialist, April Gillespie, email: april.m.gillespie2.civ@health.mil and Contracting Officer, Andrea Giuliano, email: andrea.l.giuliano.civ@health.mil no later than 20 February 2026 by 12:00 P.M, Eastern Standard Time. Please reference this solicitation number on your correspondence and in the Subject line of your email. Offers shall be submitted to: Contract Specialist, April Gillespie, email: april.m.gillespie2.civ@health.mil and Contracting Officer, Andrea Giuliano, email: andrea.l.giuliano.civ@health.mil By 5:00 P.M EST on 24 February 2026. Attachment 1: Performance Work Statement Attachment 2: Exhibit 1 Attachment 3: DHA Cybersecurity RMF Contracting Requirements

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Andrea Giuliano
  - Email: andrea.l.giuliano.civ@health.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: April Gillespie
  - Email: april.m.gillespie2.civ@health.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Performance Work Statement Attachment 2: Exhibit 1 Attachment 3: DHA Cybersecurity RMF Contracting Requirements

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/da74596068154cdaa5a4e8b31b02f323/view)