---
layout: default
title: Z2PZ--Replace existing streetlight pole concrete bases (VA-26-00057169)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b4ce8c603ee84be58c266022d16dfde8
---

# Z2PZ--Replace existing streetlight pole concrete bases (VA-26-00057169)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-22 11:03:36.108-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26326Q0590
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Please note that this is NOT a request for quotes or proposals, the Government is seeking information for market research purposes only. Network Contracting Office (NCO) 23/RPO Central of the Department of Veterans Affairs is currently conducting a market research to identify qualified firms capable of providing replacement of existing street light pole concrete bases at St. Cloud VA Health Care System, 4801 Veterans Drive, St. St Cloud, MN 56303. The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of procurement. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this procurement is 238210 Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors. Replace existing streetlight pole concrete bases. Vendor to provide all transportation, labor, personnel, supervision, equipment, tools, materials, and necessary disposal (offsite), and any other resources necessary to furnish, supply and installation to meet the described work. The vendor shall take the necessary precautions as possible to keep as many streetlights poles operational during the process. Replace twenty-six (26) existing 30 -0 high streetlight poles concrete bases and replace them with new higher concrete bases. Replace between pole feeds approximately 7415 feet (see attachment 1 for locations). Replace light pole head feeds, fuse holders and fuses at (26) locations. Approximately (31) light poles require paint repair, not entire repaint (rust repair/treatment such as rust-oleum primer or equal and finish paint). This quantity excludes any required paint touchups needed from effort to replace concrete bases. Paint touch-up to match existing. Vendor to provide submittals for products to be supplied and installed prior to purchasing materials. VA shall review product submittals within 5 business days and notify vendor of conclusion of review. Anticipated start date June 12, 2026. See attached Statement of Work. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AT THIS TIME. This request for capability information does not constitute a request for proposals; submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary; the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred. If your organization has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: Organization name SAM Unique Entity ID (UEI) address, email address Web site address telephone number socioeconomic status of the organization Small business: clarify if your firm the limitations on subcontracting in accordance with Clause 52.219-14 and if your firm is considered a small business under NAICS 238210, Size standard $19.0M. Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) and Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB) must be verified at https://www.vip.vetbiz.gov and clarify if your firm (VOSB /SDVOSB) meets the limitations on subcontracting in accordance with VAAR Clause 852.219-74. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. The Government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: 1) provide services consistent in scope and scale with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated. 2) secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements. 3) implement a successful project management plan that includes compliance; cost containment; meeting and tracking performance; and risk mitigation. 4) provide services under a performance-based service acquisition contract. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed services are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice by April 29, 2026, at 5:00pm CST. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to safa.shleiwet@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Safa Shleiwet
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: safa.shleiwet@va.gov
  - Phone: 320-252-1670

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for locations). Replace light pole head feeds, fuse holders and fuses at (26) locations. Approximately (31) light poles require paint repair, not entire repaint (rust repair/treatment such as rust-oleum primer or equal and finish paint). This quantity excludes any required paint touchups needed from effort to replace concrete bases. Paint touch-up to match existing. Vendor to provide submittals for products to be supplied and installed prior to purchasing materials. VA shall review product submittals within 5 business days and notify vendor of conclusion of review. Anticipated start date June 12, 2026. See attached Statement of Work. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AT THIS TIME. This request for capability information does not constitute a request for proposals; submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary; the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred. If your organization has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: Organization name SAM Unique Entity ID (UEI) address, email address Web site address telephone number socioeconomic status of the organization Small business: clarify if your firm the limitations on subcontracting in accordance with Clause 52.219-14 and if your firm is considered a small business under NAICS 238210, Size standard $19.0M. Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) and Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB) must be verified at https://www.vip.vetbiz.gov and clarify if your firm (VOSB /SDVOSB) meets the limitations on subcontracting in accordance with VAAR Clause 852.219-74. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. The Government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: 1) provide services consistent in scope and scale with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated. 2) secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements. 3) implement a successful project management plan that includes compliance; cost containment; meeting and tracking performance; and risk mitigation. 4) provide services under a performance-based service acquisition contract. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed services are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice by April 29, 2026, at 5:00pm CST. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to safa.shleiwet@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b4ce8c603ee84be58c266022d16dfde8/view)