---
layout: default
title: Bulk Diesel Fuel - Multiple Locations, New Mexico
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: e9a74360a815416ab72a98ed6c4492cf
---

# Bulk Diesel Fuel - Multiple Locations, New Mexico

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 16:22:13.359-04
- Solicitation Number: W912J326QOR03

## Summary

1. This document serves as a combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial supplies and services, prepared in accordance with FAR 12.202(b)(1). This is the only solicitation that will be issued; we are requesting quotes, and no written solicitation will follow. Please refer to "W912J326QOR03” on all quotes. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) and incorporates all provisions and clauses in effect through the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR). All responsible sources are invited to submit a quote. PLEASE PAY SPECIAL ATTENTION TO PARAGRAPH (h) and (i). a. IMPORTANT Notices for Offerors. i. Governing Regulations: This solicitation is governed by the regulations effective February 1, 2026, under Class Deviation 2026-O0028 – Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12, and DFARS 212. ii. Business Classification: This acquisition is designated as a total small business set-aside. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 424710, PETROLEUM BULK STATIONS AND TERMINALS, that has a small business size standard of 225 employees, and the Product Service Code (PSC) is 9140, FUEL OILS. iii. System for Award Management (SAM) Registration: To be considered for an award, all offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://sam.gov/ iv. The contracting officer will verify the prospective awardee's representations and certifications in SAM prior to issuing an award. Failure to maintain SAM registration will result in the offeror being deemed non-responsive and potentially ineligible for the award. v. Payment Instructions: For details regarding payment and acceptance, please refer to DFARS 252.232-7006 WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023), which is incorporated in full text below. vi. Applicable Commercial Clauses: The following commercial provisions and clauses are applicable to this acquisition: 1. FAR 52.212-1: Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (FEB 2026) 2. FAR 52.212-2: Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (FEB 2026) 3. FAR 52.212-4: Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (FEB 2026) vii. Additional Terms: No other terms and conditions have been deemed necessary for this acquisition beyond what is listed in this combined synopsis/solicitation. b. QUESTIONS AND INQUIRIES: Please submit all questions and inquiries via email to Odini Ramos at 150sow.msc.rfprfq@us.af.mil later than April 30, 2026, at 11:00 AM MST. Questions received after this time may not be addressed or considered for award. c. QUOTE SUBMISSION: Please submit your quote via email to the points of contact listed above no later than May 7, 2026, at 11:00 AM MST. It is the vendor's responsibility to monitor SAM.gov for any amendments to this requirement. Include the RFQ number on the email subject line. d. LATE QUOTES: In accordance with FAR 52.212-1, any quotes received after the due date may be disqualified. e. It is the offeror's responsibility to ensure the Government receives their quote before the deadline. f. PRICE LIST: Please provide your price list to the contracting office. g. COMPLETENESS OF INFORMATION: Incomplete information may lead to the disqualification of your quote. To expedite the evaluation process, please do not submit documents that were not requested in the solicitation. It is important to inform the contracting office if your quote does not meet all of the Government's requirements. h. MULTIPLE AWARD: If it is in the best interest of the Government, multiple purchase orders may be issued under this RFQ. The Government may award any single item or group of items to different vendors. Offerors wishing to limit the Government’s ability to split the award must clearly state "All or None" or provide other specific limitations in their quote. Unless restricted by the offeror, the Government reserves the right to award partial quantities at the quoted unit price. i. CONTRACT TYPE: Fixed-Price Contract with Economic Price Adjustment (FFP-EPA). i. WARRANTY: The Contractor warrants that the unit price stated in the Schedule for diesel fuel does not include allowances for any portion of the contingency covered by this adjustment language. ii. ADJUSTMENT TRIGGER: If the established market price or designated index increases or decreases at any time during the performance of the contract, the contract unit price shall be increased or decreased by the same percentage that the established price is increased or decreased. iii. NOTICE REQUIREMENT: The Contractor must promptly notify the Contracting Officer of the amount and effective date of each decrease or increase in any applicable established price. iv. UPWARD CEILING: Any upward adjustment shall be subject to a strict maximum ceiling of 10 percent of the original contract unit price. There shall be no percentage limitation on the amount of decreases that may be made. 2. GENERAL REQUIREMENT: a. Delivery Date: June 1, 2026 b. Delivery Address: See attachment 1 for delivery addresses. c. List of Attachments: i. Attachment 01 – Price List – Include the RFQ# Notice# on the email subject line if sending your quotation via email. 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (FEB 2026) (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: (1) Award will be made to the lowest-priced offeror that meets all Government requirements. Quotes will be evaluated on the basis of advantages and disadvantages to the Government that might result from making more than one award (multiple awards). It is assumed, for the purpose of evaluating quotes, that $500 would be the administrative cost to the Government for issuing and administering each contract awarded under this solicitation, and individual awards will be for the items or combinations of items that result in the lowest aggregate cost to the Government, including the assumed administrative costs. (2) IAW FAR 25.401(a)(1), trade agreement act (TAA) does not apply to acquisition set aside for small business. (b) Options Not applicable (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Odini Nikolai Ramos
  - Email: 150sow.msc.rfprfq@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 505-853-9876
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Edwin D. Widgeon
  - Email: 150sow.msc.rfprfq@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 505-853-9878

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for delivery addresses. c. List of Attachments: i. Attachment 01 – Price List – Include the RFQ# Notice# on the email subject line if sending your quotation via email. 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (FEB 2026) (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: (1) Award will be made to the lowest-priced offeror that meets all Government requirements. Quotes will be evaluated on the basis of advantages and disadvantages to the Government that might result from making more than one award (multiple awards). It is assumed, for the purpose of evaluating quotes, that $500 would be the administrative cost to the Government for issuing and administering each contract awarded under this solicitation, and individual awards will be for the items or combinations of items that result in the lowest aggregate cost to the Government, including the assumed administrative costs. (2) IAW FAR 25.401(a)(1), trade agreement act (TAA) does not apply to acquisition set aside for small business. (b) Options Not applicable (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e9a74360a815416ab72a98ed6c4492cf/view)