---
layout: default
title: 16--CHOPPER ASSEMBLY,ED- AND SIMILAR REPLACEMENT PARTS, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 58c69340e74d417783e7f9511d7c617a
---

# 16--CHOPPER ASSEMBLY,ED- AND SIMILAR REPLACEMENT PARTS, IN REPAIR/MODIFICATION OF

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 07:29:40.368-04
- Solicitation Number: N0038326RLA76

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT|8|X|||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT COMBO|N/A|TBD|N00383|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|SOURCE||||||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS PHILADELPHIA| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| SAFEGUARDING SENSITIVE CONVENTIONAL ARMS, AMMUNITION, AND EXPLOSIVES (NOV 2023)|9|||||||||| EQUAL OPPORTUITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| LIMITATIONS ON PASS-THROUGH CHARGES (DEV 2026-O0048)(MAR 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| ROYALTY INFORMATION (APR 1984)|1|| TYPE OF CONTRACT (DEV 2026-O0045)(MAR 2026)|1|| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, ANDENERGY PROGRAM USE (APR 2008))|2||X| ONLY ONE OFFER (DEVIATION 2026-O0048)(MAR 2026)|1|| This solicitation is for repair. This is a sole source requirement. The Government physically does not have in its possession sufficient, accurate, or legible data to contract with other than the current source(s). These items require Government Source Approval prior to award. If you are not an approved source, you must submit, together with your proposal, the information detailed in the NAVSUP WSS Source Approval Brochure which can be obtained on the internet at https://www.navsup.navy.mil/public/navsup/wss/business_opps/. Offers received which fail to provide all data required by the source approval brochure will not be considered for award under this solicitation. For information or questions regarding this notice, please contact Kristin Clemens at the email address: kristin.clemens2.civ@us.navy.mil. NAVSUP WSS Requests proposals submitted in response to this solicitation remain valid for a minimum of 120 days following submission. All contractual documents related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 . Markings shall be in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

1.2 PRE-AWARD / POST AWARD REQUIREMENTS: Due to the critical use of this item and its quality history, a pre-award survey and post-award conference may be required for all new manufacturers. For all previous sources, a post-award conference may be recommended.

1.3 The components being acquired under this solicitation have been classified as Flight Critical requiring engineering source approval by the Naval Air Systems Command. Only those companies who have submitted requests for source approval and been approved will be eligible for award under this solicitation. Any company not previously approved may submit a Source Approval Request to the contracting officer, Naval Inventory Control Point, (See Block 10 of the SF33 for name and code). The Source Approval Request shall contain the following documentation and shall be submitted by the closing date of this solicitation: (A) Copy of complete configuration drawings for a similar item(s) which your company has produced within the past three years, including test procedures for which your company (1) has been qualified to manufacture and (2) which is similar, i.e., requires the same materials, manufacturing processes, inspections, tolerances and similar application as the item(s) for which you are seeking approval. (B) Copy of the complete process/operation sheets used to manufacuture the similar item, including but not limited to, detailed shop sketches. These plans must note those operations and processes performed by subcontractors/ vendors. (C) Complete copies of purchase orders, shipping documents, etc. that document delivery of production quantities of the part to the Original Equipment Manufacturer or Military service. Provide the most recent copies of the documents. (D) A detailed comparative analysis of the differences/similarities between the similar part and the part(s) for which you are seeking approval. This analysis should include materials, configuration, tolerances, process requirements, dimensions, castings, forgings, etc. (E) Copy of inspection method sheets used in the manufacturing and at final inspection. These sheets should include actual tolerance, print requirements, inspection devices, sources performing the operation and level of inspection. Critical characteristics should be discernible from all other characteristics. The above requirements are a subset of requirements specified in the ASO Source Approval Information Brochure dated January 1995. The submission of this data subset is contingent upon and in consideration of the submitting contractor meeting all other requirements specified in this solicitation to include a bilateral agreement with MDA which includes availability of complete data, MRB disposition, etc. Any company not having such agreement, but desiring to seek engineering source approval, will be required to submit data meeting all requirements of the ASO/NAVICP Source Approval Brochure.

1.4 Articles to be furnished hereunder shall be repaired, tested and inspected in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Requirements Section of this document. 1.4.1 Any item contracted for repair SHALL have a Statement of Work to ensure compliance with all repair procedures and requirements. Repair of: NRP,SCR OUTPUT SWT ;1680-01-621-6681; NSN , ;3890AS00481-01; Part Number, Shall be performed IAW: NRP,SCR OUTPUT SWT ;REPAIR/OVERHAUL/INSPECT IAW APPLICABLE REPAIR MANUALS, TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS, ENGINEERING ORDERS AND DRAWINGS. LATEST REVISION.; Publication (s). 1.4.2 There will be no repair deviation from the approved written procedures without review and acceptance by the Basic Design Engineer. All requests for Waiver/Deviation shall be via Form 1694 routed throught the Local DCMA/ACO office for review and recommendations via form 1998.

1.5 Sampling rates (AQLs) indicated below shall be used in accordance with ANSI Z1.4 for Single Sampling and a General Inspection Level of II.

1.6 In addition to the 100% PCO Mandatory, critical and major characteristics, attributes for plating, hardness and non-destructive testing will be inspected one hundred percent.

1.7 Contractor shall develop a system for identification of individual piece parts for traceability purposes. Markings shall not be permanent.

1.8 An AQL of 1.5 will be used for Class 3 threads and dimensions, and geometric feature controls with a tolerance range of .010 or less.

1.9 For minor characteristics, a sampling rate determined by the contractor and subject to QAR approval will be used.

1.10 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system enabling the launch and/or recovery of aircraft. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in a serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems or loss of aircraft. Therefore,the material has been designated as Critical material and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material.

1.11 Articles to be furnished hereunder shall be manufactured, tested and inspected in accordance with ;NAWCAD LAKEHURST; drawing number ( ;3890AS000481-01; ) ;80020; , Revision ;REPAIR/OVERHAUL/INSPECT IAW APPLICABLE REPAIR MANUALS, TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS, ENGINEERING ORDERS AND DRAWINGS. LATEST REVISION.; and all details and specifications referenced therein.

1.12 Unless expressly provided for elsewhere in this clause, equipment such as fixtures, jigs, dies, patterns, mylars, special tooling, test equipment, or any other manufacturing aid required for the manufacture and/or testing of the subject item(s) will not be provided by the Government or any other source and is the sole responsibility of the contractor. The foregoing applies notwithstanding any reference to such equipment or the furnishing thereof that may be contained in any drawing or referenced specification.

1.13 If MIL-STD-454 is referenced in the drawings or in the specification, the contractor is expected to show compliance with IPC/EIAJ-STD-001C. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS DRAWING DATA=3890AS000481 |80020| N| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS000566-01 |80020| D| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS000567-01 |80020| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS000568-01 |80020| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS000569-01 |80020| C| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS000570-01 |80020| D| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS000571-01 |80020| D| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS000575-01 |80020| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS000917-01 |80020| F| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS001172-01 |80020| H| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS001174-01 |80020| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS001494-01 |80020| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002118-01 |80020| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002119-01 |80020| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002122-01 |80020| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002123-01 |80020| C| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002130-01 |80020| C| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002132-01 |80020| D| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002189-01 |80020| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002212-01 |80020| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002216-01 |80020| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002234-01 |80020| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002235-01 |80020| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002343-01 |80020| F| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002364-01 |80020| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002367-01 |80020| D| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002368-01 |80020| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002533-01 |80020| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS002665-01 |80020| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS004096-01 |80020| D| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS004506-01 |80020| D| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS004507-01 |80020| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS004508-01 |80020| C| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS004509-01 |80020| D| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS004510-01 |80020| C| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS004511-01 |80020| B| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS004512-01 |80020| C| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=3890AS004513-01 |80020| B| |D| | | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 1. Unique Requirements: a. Listed in Official remarks. b. Listed in Official remarks. c. The contractor/overhaul activity shall provide the repair procedure they will follow to NAWCADLKE engineering for review and approval prior to commencing repairs. The repair procedure shall be forwarded per the Overhaul/Repair Procedure CDRL provided in this document. NAWCADLKE engineering POC is Christian.padilla.7.civ@us.navy.mil. 2. Interim Inspection Requirements: N/A 3. ALRE CSI parts require certification. a. When certified, an ALRE part is marked with a Material Identification Code (MIC). NAWCADLKE QA will provide the MIC to DCMA if the component is source accepted, and after receipt of all associated data. Application of MIC shall be in the same methodology as the drawing note for part marking, and in same area as part marking (next to, above, or below). 4. Receipt inspection and Certification of Sub-Components: a. P/Ns 3890AS000566-01, 3890AS000570-01, and 3890AS000575-01 will be certified and marked as directed by NAWCADLKE. 5. Receipt Inspection and Certification of the Top Assembly: a. The receipt Inspection and Certification of the Top Assembly, P/N 3890AS000481-01, shall occur during the final inspection. 6. Contractor Assist and Part Marking: a. The contractor shall assist on the conduct of the inspections (both final and interim) required that are necessary to certify the critical items specified herein. The contractor shall provide adequate facilities, inspection equipment, and skilled personnel, to support the NAWCADLKE Inspector in the conduct of the interim inspection(s). The contractor shall provide gauges, tools, fixtures, and jigs necessary to perform the inspections. The contractor shall also provide sufficient rigging/material handling services and manpower to setup/configure/operate equipment & machines used to accomplish the inspection task. This contractor assist requirement shall be applicable to 100% of the production quantities. As part of the MRI process, the NAWCADLKE QA representative will provide, in writing, a certification number along with direction for marking the Critical Safety Items (CSI). 3.1

1.0 GENERAL 3.1.1 This Statement of Work (SOW) establishes the criteria for repair and testing /inspection of the subject item. It includes inspection, component repair and replacement,reassembly and testing procedures required to return units back into a servicable condition. 3.2

2.0 DEFINITIONS. 3.2.1 CONTRACTOR: Is defined as the successful offeror awarded a contract, orderor issued a project work order. The term "contract" encompasses a contract, an order, or a project work order. 3.2.2 OVERHAUL: An overhauled part is one which has been disassembled, cleaned, inspected, repaired as necessary (by replacing or repairing all components which have been found to exceed limits established by the repair/overhaul manual) reassembled and tested in accordance with the approved repair/overhaul manual listed in this SOW and returned to a Ready for Issue (RFI) condition (Refer to contract schedule for items to be overhauled). 3.2.3 REPAIR: A repaired part is one which has been restored to a Ready for Issue(RFI) condition (by replacing or repairing those components found to be defective, broken, damaged or inoperative during the initial evaluation and troubleshooting phase) and tested in accordance with the approved repair/overhaul manual listed in this SOW (Refer to contract schedule for items to be repaired). 3.3

3.0 SCOPE 3.3.1 GENERAL. The items to be furnished hereunder shall be overhauled, upgraded,repaired, tested, inspected, and accepted in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in this contract. Unless expressly provided Government Furnished Property, including equipment such as fixtures, jigs, dies, patterns, mylars, special tooling, special test equipment, or any other manufacturing aid required for the repair, manufacture, and/or testing of the subject item(s) will not be provided by the Government and shall be the responsibility of the contractor. The foregoing applies notwithstanding any reference to such equipment or the furnishing thereof that may be contained in any drawing, manual, or specification for the contract items. 3.3.2 REPAIR UPGRADE REQUIREMENTS:The contractor shall provide the necessary facility, labor, materials, parts, and test and tooling equipment required to to return the following items to a Ready For Issue (RFI) condition: NRP,SCR OUTPUT SWT ;3890AS000481-01; P/N, ;1680-01-621-6681; NSN, ;REPAIR/OVERHAUL/INSPECT IAW APPLICABLE REPAIR MANUALS, TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS, ENGINEERING ORDERS AND DRAWINGS. LATEST REVISION.; Tech Publications 3.3.3 RFI is defined as that condition allowing the items to perform properly and reliably in an operational environment in a manner they were intended to operate.The contractor must perform all repairs/upgrades at the facility identified within this SOW. Repairs performed by the contractor or subcontractor shall be performed in accordance with the specified drawings and repair manual(s).

3.4 Changes to such manuals used for repairs under this contract, or changes to drawings or specifications used in the manufacture of parts utilized in these repairs, require Procuring Contracting Officer (PCO) approval in accordance with the Configuration Management provisions of this Statement of Work or contract. Under no circumstances should the repair, test, and inspection extend beyond the requirements of this paragraph unless authorized by the Government QAR.In addition, requests for approval of changes to a repair source or repair facility shall be submitted in writing to the PCO prior to making any such change. 3.4.1 Any repairs performed using unapproved changes to such manuals, drawings, specifications, or changes to repair source or facility are done at the contractor's own risk. If the Government disapproves the requested change, the contractor shall replace any delivered items repaired using such unapproved manuals,drawing, specification, repair source or repair facility change. The contractor is not entitled to any equitable adjustment to the contract price or terms based on the Government's disapproval of a requested change to manuals, drawings, specifications, or to a repair source or facility. 3.4.2 References on Drawings and Specifications:For repair and overhaul purposes only. All references to the "prime contractor" or the "actual manufacturer" appearing on the drawings and / or specifications or technical data furnished by the Government shall be read as the "Government Designated Agency" 3.4.3 Process Control Documentation: The contractor shall prepare and maintain repair procedures, and test / inspection information / procedures which shall be made available to the Government for review and approval. The procedures shall include sequential diagrams of processes, as well as the performance specifications to perform the testing / inspection procedures. Those processes shall be frozen after approval of the inspection / Test. 3.4.4 Beyond Economical Repair (BER). An item is BER if the cost of the repair exceeds 75% of the production quantity price to replace the item, current at time of award. This replacement price is for the purposes of BER determinations only, and may not be used or relied on by the offeror in the pricing of the repairs required by this contract. Items determined BER are not included in the contract price. The contractor shall obtain written concurrence from DCMA for all units determined by the contractor to be BER. All such determinations, including the basis for the determination, the repair required, the proposed price to repair and the DCMA written concurrence shall be provided by the contractor to the PCO, with a copy to the inventory manager. After receipt of the required documentation, the PCO shall provide the contractor disposition instructions or contractual authority for repair of the item. The contractor is not authorized to proceed with the repair until notification to proceed is received from the PCO. Any disposal ordered shall be performed by the contractor in accordance with all applicable regulations and in accordance with all DCMA disposal procedures and requirements. 3.4.5 Missing on Induction (MOI). A Weapons Repairable Assembly (WRA) is subject to this MOI provision if the item received by the contractor for repair is missing one or more Shop Replaceable Assemblies (SRAs). Contractor replacement of MOI SRAs is not included in the contract price. The contractor shall immediately notify DCMA when an item is received with MOI SRA(s) and shall obtain written verification from DCMA for all WRAs determined to have MOI SRA(s). The contractor shall provide all such determinations, including identification of the missing SRA(s), and the DCMA written verification, to the Inventory Manager with a copy to the PCO and ACO prior to induction and/or repair of the WRA. The contractor shall not induct and/or repair WRAs with MOI SRAs until instructions on how to proceed are provided to the contractor by the Inventory Manager (where no adjustment price to the contract is required) or by the PCO. Items received by the contractor missing consumable parts are not MOI items. Rather, repair of such items and replacement of the missing consumable parts are included in the contract price and the item shall be inducted and repaired by the contractor under this contract. 3.4.6 Replacing Failed or Missing Shop Replaceable Assembly (SRA) when repairinga Weapons Replaceable Assembly (WRA). 3.4.7 A. When the contractor believes one or more SRA(s) within a WRA are either: 3.4.8 Beyond Economic Repair (BER) or Beyond Repair (BR) i. e. the unit is not capable of being repaired because of the extent of physical damage), or Missing on Induction (MOI), the contractor shall obtain written verification from DCMA and advice from the Inventory Manager whether a SRA may be replaced by one or more of the following options: Ship in place from an existing spares or repair contract, if any, MILSTRIP the SRA(s), otherwise be provided direction for obtaining the SRA(s) at no cost to the contractor.The detailed procedures are set forth in Section 6.0 of the WEB-BASED COMMERCIAL ASSET VISIBILITY (CAV) STATEMENT OF WORK. 3.4.9 B.When not otherwise provided for (or precluded) by other terms of this contract, the contractor may seek written authorization to replace failed SRA(s) with Ready For Issue SRA(s). When authorized, the procedures set forth in paragraph 3.0 of Section 6.2 of the WEB-BASED COMMERCIAL ASSET VISIBILITY (CAV) STATEMENT OF WORK shall be followed. 3.4.10 Over and Above Repair (OAR). An item sent to the contractor shall be considered to require over and above (OAR) repair effort if the repair required is not the type of repair that would be anticipated as a result of normal Navy operation of the item and is not included in the contract pricing due to the nature or scope of the repair needed for that particular item. Therefore, repair of OAR items may be subject to equitable adjustment. The Contractor shall obtain written concurrence from DCMA for all units determined by the contractor to require OAR effort. All such OAR determinations, including the basis for the determination, the repair required, the proposed price to repair and the DCMA written concurrence, shall be provided by the contractor to the PCO prior to undertaking repair of the item. After receipt of the required documentation, the PCO shall provide the contractor disposition instructions or contractual authority for repair of the item. Any ordered disposal shall be performed by the contractor in accordance with all applicable regulations and DCMA disposal procedures and requirements. 3.5

4.0 PARTS AND MATERIALS 3.5.1 General. The contractor is responsible for supplying all parts and material necessary to perform the required repairs under this contract unless parts or material are specifically identified as Government Furnished Material (GFM). All parts and material used in performance of this contract shall be in accordance with the latest approved revision of applicable drawings and specifications and shall be new in accordance with FAR 52.211-5, Material Requirements, which is incorporated by reference herein. Authorization to use other than new material as defined by FAR 52.211-5 requires written approval from the PCO. In addition, cannibalization must be approved by the PCO. Cannibalization of units that have not been inducted is not typically authorized and requires specific approval by the PCO. 3.5.2 The contractor shall ensure it has access for the duration of this contract to updated drawings and specifications for parts and material required for repairs performed under this contract. Any change to such parts/material drawings or specifications requires Government approval in accordance with the Configuration Management provisions of this Statement of Work. Written approval from the PCO must be obtained prior to any change to the manufacturing source or manufacturing facility for all parts which require source approval, unless the contractor is the Design Control Agent (DCA) (i.e. the entity responsible for maintaining the latest configuration data) for the the contract item. If the contractor is the DCA, the contractor may approve approve changes to manufacturing source or manufacturing facility for all parts, including those which require source approval. Any repairs performed using unapproved changes to such drawings, specifications or manufacturing source or facility are done at the contractor's own risk. If the Government disapproves the requested change, the contractor shall replace any delivered items repaired using such unapproved change. The contractor is not entitled to any equitable adjustment to the contract price or terms based on the Government's disapproval of a requested change to the drawings, specifications or manufacturing source or facility. 3.5.3 Purchased Material Control and Parts Control. The contractor shall establish and maintain a system of control over purchased parts and material. Such controls shall, at a minimum, assure that the parts and and material purchased are in compliance with the requirements of this contract. 3.5.4 Receiving Inspection of Purchased Parts and Material. (1)Purchased items shall be inspected upon receipt at the contractor's facility to assure conformance with all requirements of the applicable drawings and specifications or (2)the contractor shall provide prior to the contract award evidence for Government review and approval of a purchased parts and material system which provides for the inspections to assure conformance with all requirements of the applicable drawings and specifications. Evidence of such inspections of such inspections shall be maintained by the contractor or subcontractor for Government review.The inspection report shall, at a minimum, include a record of all dimensional data (coordinate/positional), material, finish, and process with appropriate pass/fail criteria such as certifications and actual dimensonal readings. 3.5.5 ^^^NOTE^^^PART CANNIBALIZATION IS NOT AUTHORIZED UNLESS SPECIFICALLY APPROVED BY NAVSUP WSS AND THE BDE. 3.5.6

3.6 SOURCE AND LOCATION OF REPAIR SOURCE: 3.6.1 The contractor shall specify the name of the Source/Division performing the work and the actual location where work will be performed. NRP,SCR OUTPUT SWT ;GENERAL ATOMICS; Company Name , ;3550 GENERAL ATOMICS CT, SAN DIEGO, CA 92121-1122; Address , ;4V360; Cage Code inspection will be accomplished on the contractor's equipment 3.7

5.0 CONTRACTOR QUALITY REQUIREMENTS: 3.7.1 Quality Program. The Contractor shall establish, implement, document and maintain a quality system that ensures conformance to all applicable requirements of ISO 9001/ SAE AS9100. The Contractor's quality management system/program shall be designed to promptly detect, correct and prevent conditions that adversely affect quality. 3.7.2 Calibration System Requirements. Contractor shall maintain a calibration system that meets the requirements of ANSI/NCSL Z540.3, ISO-10012-1 or an equivalent calibration program acceptable to the Government. 3.8

6.0 CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT (CM): 3.8.1 The contractor shall maintain a configuration management plan in accordance with the provisions of NAVSUP WSS configuration management clause NAVICPIA18. (Refer to contract). 3.9

7.0 MARKINGS. 3.9.1 Marking shall be as indicated in the contract when applicable. 3.10

8.0 STORAGE; 3.10.1 The contractor shall provide a proper enclosed warehouse environment for both material items awaiting repair and assets which have been repaired and are awaiting shipment to ensure the items are not damaged while being stored. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS: 1. The solicitation/contract shall contain the NAWCADLKE inspection surveillance clause as follows: a. Because of the critical nature of this material, a representative of the Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division Lakehurst (NAWCADLKE) is available to furnish technical assistance on Quality Assurance (QA) matters and shall have the option of conducting QA surveillance for the first lot produced under this contract (and all subsequent lots if necessary). This requirement will be performed in conjunction with the government QAS of the cognizant Defense Contract Management Activity and does not abrogate the authority or responsibility of the designated government QAS. The contractor agrees to notify Gianpiero.geranio.civ@us.navy.mil, NAWC QA section Code BL41600, Lakehurst, NJ 08733-5035 and the PCO when the material is scheduled to be presented to the DCMA government QAS for Government inspection and acceptance. This notice shall afford the NAWCADLKE QA representative the option of being present during the inspection. A minimum of fourteen (14) working days is required to arrange the surveillance visit. Notification shall include the following information: Company Name, Cage Code, Phone number, Fax number, Contract number, Point of Contact, Part Nomenclature, Part Number, NIIN, Type of Inspection, and Quantity of parts. b. N/A 2. The contractor shall perform Quality Conformance and Lot Sampling Inspection for all associated features that are present in the drawings and specifications: a. Features/attributes/requirements classified as Critical and Major on the drawing(s) or within the technical specification shall be inspected and shall have the actual dimensions documented 100%; b. Attributes for plating, hardness, and non-destructive testing shall be inspected 100%; c. Class 3 Threads, dimensions, and geometric feature controls with a tolerance range of .010 or less shall be inspected using an AQL of 1.5 and the General Inspection Level II as defined by ANSI Z1.4. d. Minor Characteristics: Sampling shall be inspected using an AQL of 4.0 and the General Inspection Level II as defined by ANSI Z1.4. 3. The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system supporting the launch and/or recovery of aircraft. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in a serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of aircraft. Therefore, the material has been designated as Critical Safety Item (CSI) material and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 4. First Article Testing: N/A 5. Production Lot Special Tests: N/A 6. For purposes of this TDR, the term NDT shall refer to the following methods: MT - Magnetic Particle Testing, PT - Penetrant Inspection, UT - Ultrasonic Testing, RT - Radiographic Testing, and VT - Visual Testing. 7. Companies performing NDT shall be NADCAP accredited, or a laboratory accredited by one of the organizations listed be-low as satisfying ISO 17025 (General requirements for the competence of testing and calibration laboratories). NDT certificates shall be bear the symbols of accreditation and the accreditation body: a. American Association for Laboratory Accreditation (A2LA) b. ANSI National Accreditation Board (ANAB) c. International Accreditation Service, Inc. (IAS) d. National Voluntary Laboratory Accreditation Program (NVLAP) e. Perry Johnson Laboratory Accreditation, Inc. (PJLA) f. Canadian Association for Laboratory Accreditation Inc. (CALA) g. Standards Council of Canada (SCC)

4.1 Review documentation as provided under DD 1423 requirements. 4.2 . Mandatory Inspection Requirements: 100% Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) mandatory inspection is required and shall be accomplished at source under the surveillance and final approval of the cognizant DCMAO Quality Assurance Representative (QAR). During production, mandatory inspection is required to be accomplished by the contractor as follows: A. Level of Inspection (LOI). 1. Critical characteristics: 100% inspection shall apply. 2. Major and Minor characteristics: LOI shall be in accordance with a sampling plan acceptable to the QAR. B. Critical characteristics: ;GIANPIERO GERANIO NAWCADLKE QA REP / TEAMS PHONE ...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2156973814
  - Email: KRISTIN.CLEMENS2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/58c69340e74d417783e7f9511d7c617a/view)