---
layout: default
title: 58--TOWED ARRAY SUBASEM
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 3cd780bfe3d54aacbd550335942e6a99
---

# 58--TOWED ARRAY SUBASEM

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 04:36:12.687-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QNA04

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N744.24|BLB|771-229-0476|HEATHER.R.JONES52.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (NAVICP REVIEW FEB 1991)(FEB 1999)|1|ISO9001, PLEASE REFERENCE TDP| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| PRODUCTION LOT TESTING|1|30 days| INSPECTION/ACCEPTANCE POINT|6||||||| TIME OF DELIVERY (JUNE 1997)|20||||||||||||||||||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|RECEIVING REPORT AND INVOICE COMBO|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| FIRST ARTICLE APPROVAL--CONTRACTOR TESTING (SEP 1989)|10||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REPRESENTATIONS (FEB 2024)|4|334290|800||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|334290|800|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2|X|| EVALUATION OF FIRST ARTICLE TESTING|3|||X| This amendment is to extend this solicitation from 27 FEB 2026 to 13 MAR 2026. \ This amendment is hereby executed to extend the solicitation close date from 17 DEC 2025 to 27 FEB 2026. 1. This requirement is pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). 2. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. 3. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 4. If requirement will be packaged at a location different from the offeror's address, the offeror shall provide the name, street address, and CAGE of the facility. 5. Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be DX certified for national defense under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). Provision 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense, Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use, shall be inserted in solicitations when the contract to be awarded shall be a rated order. 6. If drawings are included in the solicitation, access needs to be requested on the individual solicitation page under Contract Opportunities on SAM.gov website. After requesting access, send an email to the POC listed on the solicitation. 7. This solicitation requires First Article Testing (FAT). See FAR 52.209-3 First Article Approval - Contractor Testing for more details. 8. Note this requirement requires production lot testing. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the TOWED ARRAY SUBASEM . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.1.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DRAWING DATA=497A10012 |53711| E| |D|0001 | E|49998|0051199 DRAWING DATA=497A10104 |53711| E| |D|0001 | E|49998|0052977 DRAWING DATA=497A63201 |53711| | |D|0001 | |49998|0207403 DRAWING DATA=497A75300 |53711| | |D|0001 | |49998|0379951 DRAWING DATA=497A75301 |53711| D| |D|0001 | D|49998|0130461 DRAWING DATA=497A80018 |53711| D| |D|0001 | D|49998|0047022 DRAWING DATA=497A80072 |53711| B| |D|0001 | B|49998|0091486 DRAWING DATA=8482141 |53711| A| |D|0001 | A|49998|0136138 DRAWING DATA=8482148 |53711| -| |D|0001 | -|49998|0191977 DRAWING DATA=8482149 |53711| A| |D|0001 | A|49998|0155217 DRAWING DATA=8482158 |53711| A| |D|0001 | A|49998|0282045 DRAWING DATA=8482159 |53711| -| |D|0001 | -|49998|0228724 DRAWING DATA=8482160 |53711| -| |D|0001 | -|49998|0129050 DRAWING DATA=8482161 |53711| A| |D|0001 | A|49998|0154947 DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |P |041029|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-A-24456 | | | |790615|A| 3| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASME-Y14.5.1M | | | |941114|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-15024 | | |F |971128|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-D329 | | | |901026|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-PRF-81733 | | |D |980515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |010417|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |950113|A| |03| 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Design, Manufacture, and Performance - Except as modified herein, the TOWED ARRAY SUBASEM furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the design, manufacture, and performance requirements specified on drawing ;497A75300; cage ;53711; . 3.1.1 ;PN - 497A75300-19; 3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-129; . 3.3 ;The requirements of 53711 drawing #497A75300 are such that a potential vendor must comply with multiple drawing and mil-spec requirements prior to award. The item required is an assembly of parts. The piece parts and the assemblage processes need to comply with all requirements as desribed in the production notes and subsequent drawing specification requirements. The following drawings specifications require process qualification prior to acceptance of production orders: NAVSEA Drawing 8482161, Process Specification for Vulcanization of Chloroprene Rubber (per 3.6) NAVSEA Drawing 8482159, Process Specification for Installation of Vibration Damping Tiles (per 3.6) NAVSEA Drawing 8482158, Process Specification For Bonding with Epoxy Adhesives (per 3.6) NAVSEA Drawing 8482160, Process Specification for Gap Filling (per 3.6) Per NAVSEA DRAWINGS: 3.6 Qualification. This specification requires process qualification prior to acceptance of production orders. The qualification need not be accomplished for repeat orders, provided that the materials and processes have not been changed. With each production order the supplier shall furnish certification in writing that the materials and processes have not been changed in any way from that used when the process was originally qualified. 3.6.1 Requalification. The supplier is advised that if the material formulation or manufacturing process has been changed since the receipt of qualification approval, requalification shall be required before supplying the product manufactured inaccordance with this specification. The supplier shall notify the procuring activity prior to change. The procuring activity will determine the extent of the requalification. 4.2.1 Qualification Test. Process qualification tests are specified in Table 1. Each bonded materials combination for Type I bond shall be tested to qualify the bonded strength and peel rate. ; 3.4 First Article Approval (Contractor Testing) - First Article Test (FAT) and approval is required. 3.4.1 ;First Article Test/Inspection (Contractor) - FIRST ARTICLE INSPECTION: CONDUCT TENSILE TEST ON ALL BONDED STRUCTURE IAW 8482158. BONDED INSERTS SHALL WITHSTAND A MINIMUM 6,000 LBS LOAD WITHOUT BONDAND/OR STRUCTURE DEGRADATION. VERIFY CURED HARDNESS IAW MIL-PRF-81733. ; 3.5 Production Lot Approval (Contractor Testing) - Production Lot Test and approval is required. 3.5.1 ;QUALITY CONFORMANCE TESTS: PERFORM CURED FN 10 HARDNESS TEST IAW MIL-PRF-81733 ON EACH BATCH OF MIXEDMATERIAL USED FOR STRUCTURE BONDING. ; 3.6 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.6.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor. 3.7 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements. 4.2 Quality System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain a quality system acceptable to the Government. The quality system requirements shall be in accordance with ISO 9001. 4.2.1 ;Suppliers currently using and maintaining Inspection System Requirements to MIL-I-45208 are granted permission to utilize this if desired.; 4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material. 4.4 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies. 4.5 First Article Test/Inspection Report - The Contractor shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). The report shall be approved prior to production. 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;APPROVAL OF THE REPORT BY NUWC NWPT ISEA REQUIRED PRIOR TO COMMENCEMENT OF PRODUCTION LOT UNITS.; Michael Reed Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division Newport Code 1533, Hull Arrays and Distributed Sensors michael.d.reed@navy.mil DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ QUALITY CONFORMANCE TESTS TO BE PERFORMED AS HARDNESS TEST IAW MIL-PRF-81733 ON EACH BATCH OF MIXEDMATERIAL USED FOR STRUCTURE BONDING. POC REGARDING TESTING IS AS FOLLOWS: Michael Reed Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division Newport Code 1533, Hull Arrays and Distributed Sensors michael.d.reed@navy.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176054866
  - Email: HEATHER.R.JONES52.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. 2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DRAWING DATA=497A10012 |53711| E| |D|0001 | E|49998|0051199 DRAWING DATA=497A10104 |53711| E| |D|0001 | E|49998|0052977 DRAWING DATA=497A63201 |53711| | |D|0001 | |49998|0207403 DRAWING DATA=497A75300 |53711| | |D|0001 | |49998|0379951 DRAWING DATA=497A75301 |53711| D| |D|0001 | D|49998|0130461 DRAWING DATA=497A80018 |53711| D| |D|0001 | D|49998|0047022 DRAWING DATA=497A80072 |53711| B| |D|0001 | B|49998|0091486 DRAWING DATA=8482141 |53711| A| |D|0001 | A|49998|0136138 DRAWING DATA=8482148 |53711| -| |D|0001 | -|49998|0191977 DRAWING DATA=8482149 |53711| A| |D|0001 | A|49998|0155217 DRAWING DATA=8482158 |53711| A| |D|0001 | A|49998|0282045 DRAWING DATA=8482159 |53711| -| |D|0001 | -|49998|0228724 DRAWING DATA=8482160 |53711| -| |D|0001 | -|49998|0129050 DRAWING DATA=8482161 |53711| A| |D|0001 | A|49998|0154947 DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |P |041029|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-A-24456 | | | |790615|A| 3| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASME-Y14.5.1M | | | |941114|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-DTL-15024 | | |F |971128|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-D329 | | | |901026|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-PRF-81733 | | |D |980515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |010417|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |950113|A| |03| 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Design, Manufacture, and Performance - Except as modified herein, the TOWED ARRAY SUBASEM furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the design, manufacture, and performance requirements specified on drawing ;497A75300; cage ;53711; . 3.1.1 ;PN - 497A75300-19; 3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-129; . 3.3 ;The requirements of 53711 drawing #497A75300 are such that a potential vendor must comply with multiple drawing and mil-spec requirements prior to award. The item required is an assembly of parts. The piece parts and the assemblage processes need to comply with all requirements as desribed in the production notes and subsequent drawing specification requirements. The following drawings specifications require process qualification prior to acceptance of production orders: NAVSEA Drawing 8482161, Process Specification for Vulcanization of Chloroprene Rubber (per 3.6) NAVSEA Drawing 8482159, Process Specification for Installation of Vibration Damping Tiles (per 3.6) NAVSEA Drawing 8482158, Process Specification For Bonding with Epoxy Adhesives (per 3.6) NAVSEA Drawing 8482160, Process Specification for Gap Filling (per 3.6) Per NAVSEA DRAWINGS: 3.6 Qualification. This specification requires process qualification prior to acceptance of production orders. The qualification need not be accomplished for repeat orders, provided that the materials and processes have not been changed. With each production order the supplier shall furnish certification in writing that the materials and processes have not been changed in any way from that used when the process was originally qualified. 3.6.1 Requalification. The supplier is advised that if the material formulation or manufacturing process has been changed since the receipt of qualification approval, requalification shall be required before supplying the product manufactured inaccordance with this specification. The supplier shall notify the procuring activity prior to change. The procuring activity will determine the extent of the requalification. 4.2.1 Qualification Test. Process qualification tests are specified in Table 1. Each bonded materials combination for Type I bond shall be tested to qualify the bonded strength and peel rate. ; 3.4 First Article Approval (Contractor Testing) - First Article Test (FAT) and approval is required. 3.4.1 ;First Article Test/Inspection (Contractor) - FIRST ARTICLE INSPECTION: CONDUCT TENSILE TEST ON ALL BONDED STRUCTURE IAW 8482158. BONDED INSERTS SHALL WITHSTAND A MINIMUM 6,000 LBS LOAD WITHOUT BONDAND/OR STRUCTURE DEGRADATION. VERIFY CURED HARDNESS IAW MIL-PRF-81733. ; 3.5 Production Lot Approval (Contractor Testing) - Production Lot Test and approval is required. 3.5.1 ;QUALITY CONFORMANCE TESTS: PERFORM CURED FN 10 HARDNESS TEST IAW MIL-PRF-81733 ON EACH BATCH OF MIXEDMATERIAL USED FOR STRUCTURE BONDING. ; 3.6 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.6.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor. 3.7 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor"s request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements. 4.2 Quality System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain a quality system acceptable to the Government. The quality system requirements shall be in accordance with ISO 9001. 4.2.1 ;Suppliers currently using and maintaining Inspection System Requirements to MIL-I-45208 are granted permission to utilize this if desired.; 4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor"s overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material. 4.4 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies. 4.5 First Article Test/Inspection Report - The Contractor shall prepare and submit a report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). The report shall be approved prior to production. 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;APPROVAL OF THE REPORT BY NUWC NWPT ISEA REQUIRED PRIOR TO COMMENCEMENT OF PRODUCTION LOT UNITS.; Michael Reed Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division Newport Code 1533, Hull Arrays and Distributed Sensors michael.d.reed@navy.mil DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ QUALITY CONFORMANCE TESTS TO BE PERFORMED AS HARDNESS TEST IAW MIL-PRF-81733 ON EACH BATCH OF MIXEDMATERIAL USED FOR STRUCTURE BONDING. POC REGARDING TESTING IS AS FOLLOWS: Michael Reed Naval Undersea Warfare Center Division Newport Code 1533, Hull Arrays and Distributed Sensors michael.d.reed@navy.mil

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3cd780bfe3d54aacbd550335942e6a99/view