---
layout: default
title: 6520--DENTAL FURNITURE FOR THE HARRY S. TRUMAN ROLLA, MO CBOC
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 18f324eb01f24c639eccf9847fb20e0a
---

# 6520--DENTAL FURNITURE FOR THE HARRY S. TRUMAN ROLLA, MO CBOC

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 16:53:16.779-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0316
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SCOPE OF WORK

1.0 Introduction This Statement of Work (SOW) defines the requirements of the Harry S Truman VA Medical Center - Multi-Specialty CBOC Rolla in the requirement to purchase dental furniture with an authorized vendor to supply, deliver, and install the items identified in Table 1. Dental furniture must conform to the existing construction conditions listed in the attachment Rolla Dental Drawings.

1.1 Background Harry S Truman VA Medical Center - Multi-Specialty CBOC Rolla requires dental furniture to outfit the new facility and provide services for the VA. Project Contacts included: Contracting Officer Representative (COR): Britney Sevy P:573-673-1372 E: Britney.Sevy2@va.gov Activations Project Manager (PM): Connie Heyer P: 912-585-8207 E: connie.heyer@goenergistics.com

1.2 Scope The scope of this purchase order is to provide Harry S Truman VA Medical Center - Multi-Specialty CBOC Rolla with brand name or equal item for delivery to the Harry S Truman VA Medical Center - Multi-Specialty CBOC Rolla location. Contractors shall furnish all requirements. The initial delivery will be at the construction site to adhere to installation timelines. Initial Outfitting Transition and Activation team will be responsible for delivery to Rolla Super CBOC estimated delivery dates are October 5th. Specific installation dates will be defined upon award. The delivery schedule is based upon the current construction schedule, which is subject to change. The vendor shall not increase prices for a change in delivery date due to construction delays. The awardees actual delivery dates will be confirmed by VA upon award.

2.0 General Requirement All equipment to be supplied under the specifications shall be the newest and the most current model of a standard product of a manufacturer of record. A manufacturer of record is defined as a company whose main occupation is the manufacture for sale of items of equipment and which: a. Maintains a factory production line. b. Maintains a stock of replacement parts for the item. c. Maintains engineering drawings, specifications, operating manuals and maintenance manuals. d. Has published and distributed descriptive literature and equipment specifications on the equipment. Any equipment or service as applicable must be in compliance with the Memorandum dated March 6th 2025 Subject: Electronic Health Record Modernization Standardization (VIEWS 12862405). Upon award: Field verification must be conducted and coordinated with the COR and Activations PM to ensure locations of utility boxes and all items. Shop drawings must be provided prior to installation. Activations PM will contact contractor in regard to specific delivery and installation dates to coordinate with other services. Requirements: Table 1-Package Item Summary Item JSN Nomenclature Qty 1 D0670 Console, Treatment Unit, Dental Operatory 6 2 D0680 Console, Accessory/Side, Dental Operatory, W/Sink, 84in 5 3 D0680A Console, Accessory/Side, Dental Operatory, WO/Sink, 84in 5 4 D0680B Console, Accessory/Side, Dental Operatory, W/Sink, 72in 1 5 D0680C Console, Accessory/Side, Dental Operatory, W/O Sink, 72in 1 6 D0685 Cabinet, Storage, Dental Operatory, Wall MNTD 5 7 D0685A Cabinet,Storage,Dental Operatory,Wall MNTD 8 8 D3320 Chair, Operating, Dental 6 9 D3380 Stool, Operating, Dental, Doctor 7 10 D3390 Stool, Operating, Dental, Assistant 7 11 D6050 Light, Dental, Operating, Ceiling, Track 7 12 D6151 Monitor Mount, Ceiling 1 13 D6151A Monitor Mount, Side Cabinet 5 14 D6151B Monitor Mount, Wall Mounted 1 15 D7090 Utility Center, Dental, Wall or Floor Mounted 7 16 D8250 Delivery System, Dental Operating 5 17 D8560 12 O'Clock Delivery System 5 18 D8560A 12 O'Clock Delivery System, Dual 2 19 U0087 Console with Sink, Oral Surgery, Custom 1 Specifications: Any drawings, schematics, certifications, or design to complete the installation must be provided by the vendor, and the hardware must be provided by a vendor that can also supply hospital grade dental furniture, casework, lights, and monitor mounts. Dental furniture, casework, lights, and monitor mounts must support the specifications in attachment Rolla Dental Drawings. All items listed below are name brand or equal to the brand identified below. A-dec 591 | Inspire Treatment Console Height adjustable round work surface is 22 Â½ in. diameter, constructed of Â½ in. thick Wilsonart Gibraltar The adjustable height range is 33.5 to 36 in. The work surface and support pivots 320Â° on a height adjustable post to allow for variable positioning in the treatment zone. Supports dual HVE's or single HVE, Saliva ejector and air water syringe. Capable of holding ancillary devices such as, but not limited to curing light, warm water syringe, and Isolite. The internal water lines contain an anti-microbial AlphaSan that provided added protection against microbial contamination. Left/Right Hand Conversion without tools. All instrument delivery positions duplicated on either side of the work surface to allow both the right- and left-handed operator complete uncompromised utilization of the equipment. Multiple holder configurations including 3-position, 4-position, or dual 2-position. Individually articulating holders for maximum flexibility in instrument positioning. Modular, push-on connections on both ends of vacuum tubings for reliable seal and easy maintenance. Integral solids collector with fine mesh screen to trap materials from entering vacuum system. Standard multi-function touchpad provides secondary control of the chair and dental light. A self-contained water system is supplied. The water system is pressurized with unit air and provides water to the syringe and water quick-disconnect. The water bottle is a quick-disconnect design with an internal pickup tube to help reduce the opportunity for cross-contamination. Individual air and water pressure regulators. ON/OFF control of regulators provided by pneumatic master switch. Individual air pressure gauge. Finish options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Countertops: Snowdon White Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 593 | Inspire Side Console | Right Sink 84 Cabinet shell and related component parts are 5/8 or 3/4 in. thick, 45 lb. industrial grade particleboard. Curved end panels are Medium Density Fiberboard. Countertop is a 2 cm composite buildup of 0.236in thick plywood with phenolic backer and 12 mm thick acrylic resin. All particleboards are 100% post-industrial recycled/recovered fiber. Cabinet columns are constructed of e-coated 12-gauge cold Rolled steel for strength and rigidity. Door and drawer fronts covered with vertical grade high pressure V32 laminate (HPDL). Locks required. Drawers are constructed with Blum Tandembox drawer system with integrated soft-close. Must include sink component with waste drop, a round SS sink with faucet and soap dispenser The slides are tested to a 75-150 lb. dynamic load. Door hinges are constructed of nickel-plated steel with integrated soft-close and three-way adjustments. Door and drawer edges are finished with color matched 2 mm thick rigid PVC (polyvinyl chloride) edge banding. ICV Vacuum line cleaning system Subbase structure is made from 10-gauge roll-formed steel with 16-gauge cold-rolled steel powder coated covers that are attached by rare earth neodymium magnets. Side delivery system, inclusive of mechanical reinforcement and provisions for discrete utilities connectivity. Leveling feet are built into subbase structure for leveling cabinet prior to anchoring to the floor with seismic cleats designed to ASCE-05 standards. Cutout to allow for the routing of wires and cables internal to the consoles. Wire and management cable kits. USA UL approved 120V wiring. UL Certified in USA Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Countertops: Snowdon White Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 593 | Inspire Side Console | Left Cabinet 84 Cabinet shell and related component parts are 5/8 or 3/4 in. thick, 45 lb industrial grade particleboard. Curved end panels are Medium Density Fiberboard. Countertop is a 2 cm composite buildup of 0.236in thick plywood with phenolic backer and 12 mm thick acrylic resin. All particleboards are 100% post-industrial recycled/recovered fiber. Cabinet columns are constructed of e-coated 12-gauge cold rolled steel for strength and rigidity. Door and drawer fronts covered with vertical grade high pressure V32 laminate (HPDL). Locks required. Drawers are constructed with Blum Tandembox drawer system with integrated soft-close. The slides are tested to a 75-150 lb. dynamic load. Door hinges are constructed of nickel-plated steel with integrated soft-close and three-way adjustments. Door and drawer edges are finished with color matched 2 mm thick rigid PVC (polyvinyl chloride) edge banding. ICV Vacuum line cleaning system available as option Subbase structure is made from 10-gauge roll-formed steel with 16-gauge cold-rolled steel powder coated covers that are attached by rare earth neodymium magnets. Side delivery system, inclusive of mechanical reinforcement and provisions for discrete utilities connectivity. Leveling feet are built into subbase structure for leveling cabinet prior to anchoring to the floor with seismic cleats designed to ASCE-05 standards. Base modules include a cutout to allow for the routing of wires and cables internal to the consoles. wire and management cable kits. USA UL approved 120V wiring. UL Certified in USA. Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Countertops: Snowdon White Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 593 | Inspire Side Console | Right Sink 72 Cabinet shell and related component parts are 5/8 or 3/4 in. thick, 45 lb industrial grade particleboard. Curved end panels are Medium Density Fiberboard. Countertop is a 2 cm composite buildup of 0.236in thick plywood with phenolic backer and 12 mm thick acrylic resin. All particleboards are 100% post-industrial recycled/recovered fiber. Cabinet columns are constructed of e-coated 12-gauge cold rolled steel for strength and rigidity. Door and drawer fronts covered with vertical grade high pressure V32 laminate (HPDL). Locks required. Drawers are constructed with Blum Tandembox drawer system with integrated soft-close. Must include sink component with waste drop, a round SS sink with faucet and soap dispenser The slides are tested to a 75-150 lb. dynamic load. Door hinges are constructed of nickel-plated steel with integrated soft-close and three-way adjustments. Door and drawer edges are finished with color matched 2 mm thick rigid PVC (polyvinyl chloride) edge banding. ICV Vacuum line cleaning system available as option Subbase structure is made from 10-gauge roll-formed steel with 16-gauge cold-rolled steel powder coated covers that are attached by rare earth neodymium magnets. Side delivery system, inclusive of mechanical reinforcement and provisions for discrete utilities connectivity. Leveling feet are built into subbase structure for leveling cabinet prior to anchoring to the floor with seismic cleats designed to ASCE-05 standards. Base modules include a cutout to allow for the routing of wires and cables internal to the consoles. Wire and management cable kits. USA UL approved 120V wiring. UL Certified in USA. Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Countertops: Snowdon White Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 593 | Inspire Side Console | Left Cabinet 72 Cabinet shell and related component parts are 5/8 or 3/4 in. thick, 45 lb industrial grade particleboard. Curved end panels are Medium Density Fiberboard. Countertop is a 2 cm composite buildup of 0.236in thick plywood with phenolic backer and 12 mm thick acrylic resin. All particleboards are 100% post-industrial recycled/recovered fiber. Cabinet columns are constructed of e-coated 12-gauge cold rolled steel for strength and rigidity. Door and drawer fronts covered with vertical grade high pressure V32 laminate (HPDL). Locks required. Drawers are constructed with Blum Tandembox drawer system with integrated soft-close. The slides are tested to a 75-150 lb. dynamic load. Door hinges are constructed of nickel-plated steel with integrated soft-close and three-way adjustments. Door and drawer edges are finished with color matched 2 mm thick rigid PVC (polyvinyl chloride) edge banding. ICV Vacuum line cleaning system available as option Subbase structure is made from 10-gauge roll-formed steel with 16-gauge cold-rolled steel powder coated covers that are attached by rare earth neodymium magnets. Cabinet designed for seamless integration of optional Side delivery system, inclusive of mechanical reinforcement and provisions for discrete utilities connectivity. Leveling feet are built into subbase structure for leveling cabinet prior to anchoring to the floor with seismic cleats designed to ASCE-05 standards. Base modules include a cutout to allow for the routing of wires and cables internal to the consoles. Wire and management cable kits. USA UL approved 120V wiring. UL Certified in USA. Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Countertops: Snowdon White Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 595 | Inspire Wall-Mounted Cabinet | Oral Surgery Sink L Cabinet shell and related component parts are 5/8 or 3/4 in thick, 45 lb industrial grade particleboard. Curved end panels are Medium Density Fiberboard. All particleboards are 100% post-industrial recycled/recovered fiber. Cabinet columns are constructed of e-coated 12-gauge cold rolled steel for strength and rigidity. Door fronts covered with vertical grade high pressure V32 laminate (HPDL). Door hinges are constructed of nickel-plated steel with integrated soft-close and three-way adjustments. Internal mount for mounting A-dec Wall-Mount Light or A-dec Wall-Mount Monitor Mount Mask dispenser fits masks boxes with maximum dimensions up to: 4"W x 7.25"L Cup Dispenser fits: 4 to 5 oz. cups. Towel Dispenser fits: C-fold or Z-fold towels Glove Dispenser fits: 6.25"- 6.5"W x 10.5"-10.75"L box dimensions. Compliant with EU health and environmental RoHS and REACH directives Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 595 | Inspire Wall-Mounted Cabinet | Sink Right Dispenser Cabinet shell and related component parts are 5/8 or 3/4 in thick, 45 lb industrial grade particleboard. Curved end panels are Medium Density Fiberboard. All particleboard are 100% post-industrial recycled/recovered fiber. Cabinet columns are constructed of e-coated 12-gauge cold rolled steel for strength and rigidity. Door fronts covered with vertical grade high pressure V32 laminate (HPDL). Door hinges are constructed of nickel-plated steel with integrated soft-close and three-way adjustments. Internal mount for mounting A-dec Wall-Mount Light or A-dec Wall-Mount Monitor Mount Mask dispenser fits masks boxes with maximum dimensions up to: 4"W x 7.25"L Cup Dispenser fits: 4 to 5 oz. cups. Towel Dispenser fits: C-fold or Z-fold towels Glove Dispenser fits: 6.25"- 6.5"W x 10.5"-10.75"L box dimensions. Compliant with EU health and environmental RoHS and REACH directives Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 511 Chair Ultra-thin flexible back rest, measuring 1.25in. thick on the seamless upholstery. Headrest, standard dual articulating with gliding cushion and quick release adjustment lever. 2-position armrests, mounted mid-thigh position, design articulates forward for patient access. Robust design with durable Santoprene surface for comfort and ease of asepsis. Lift range 13.5-31.5 in (measurements are from the floor to the bottom of the seat cushion) Chair swivels 60 degrees (30 degrees each side of center). Automatic Chair-Stop. Lock-out feature disables chair movement when handpiece is in use. Integrated 300-Watt power supply provides electrical requirements for chair-mounted dental light and ancillary products. UL rated to 500LB. (227 kg) maximum patient load. Accumulators in the hydraulic lift system provide a soft chair start and stop. Lift cylinders guaranteed for up to ten years. Self-diagnosing circuit board, easily programmable, with "limp-along" lift activation. Compact bi-directional hydraulic motor pumps. Cast iron baseplate, powder coat painted and sealed with an elastomeric polymer finish to prevent rust and scratch damage to the floor. Vacuum-formed seamless upholstery constructed of 40 ounces per yard/67 gauge superior grade vinyl. Virtual-Pivot design to rotate chair. UL Classified in USA. Finish options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Upholstery: Riviera A-dec 521 Doctor s Stool Dynamic seat armature allows for 8 degrees of forward tilt in the thigh zone. Adjustable seat tilt provides 4 degrees forward and 4 degrees backward tilt. Distributes weight from seat to feet allowing proper circulation. Contoured backrest with one-handed push button height control and adjustable backrest tilt. Four Points of Adjustability: Seat tilt, seat height, backrest tilt, and backrest height. Two seat height range available: Tall range 19.6" to 24.1" (498mm -612mm) or standard range 16.4" to 21.7" (417mm - 551mm). Integral gas cylinder for height adjustment. Akulon base with five casters that provide movement on both carpet and hard flooring surfaces. Stool is rated for 350lb. Sewn upholstery with minimal seams. Easy-to-clean adjustment paddles, numbered for easy identification and control. Durable Powder Coat finish. Material is 100% Polyurethane Surface with 100% reinforced Rayon backing. Weight is 9.7 oz. per square yard. Flammability: CA TB 117-2013, NFPA 260 - Class 1, UFAC - Class 1 Earth Friendly: Greenguard Certified 5-year warranty Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Upholstery: Riviera A-dec 522 | Assistant Stool Dynamic seat armature provides 8 degrees of forward tilt in the thigh zone. Adjustable seat tilt provides 4 degrees forward and 4 degrees backward tilt. Distributes weight from seat to feet allowing proper circulation. Must include contoured backrest with one-handed push button height control and adjustable backrest tilt. Four Points of Adjustability: Seat tilt, seat height, backrest tilt, and backrest height. Seat height range: 23.1" to 28.7" (578 mm-729 mm). Integral gas cylinder for height adjustment. Akulon base with five casters that provide movement on both carpet and hard flooring surfaces. Stool is rated for 350lb. Sewn upholstery with minimal seams. Easy-to-clean adjustment paddles, numbered for easy identification and control. Height-adjustable foot ring. Height-adjustable contoured torso support convertible for left- or right-hand operators. Durable Powder Coat finish. Sewn upholstery material is 100% Polyurethane Surface with 100% reinforced Rayon backing. Weight is 9.7 oz. per square yard. Flammability: CA TB 117-2013, NFPA 260 - Class 1, UFAC - Class 1 Earth Friendly: Greenguard Certified 5-year warranty. Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Upholstery: Riviera A-dec 577L | LED Dental Light, Track MT Three axis barycentric positioning. Full 540 degrees of horizontal rotation. The Entire Light Head rotates 500-600 degrees, the Optics Head rotates 105 +/- 5 total (0 degree up, 105 degree down), the Optics Head rotates 80 degrees +/- 5 (+/- 40 degrees from vertical). Three intensity settings (15000/25000/30000lux)(1394/2323/2787fc) Cure-safe composite setting (25000lux(2323fc)/yellow). Color Temperature: High fidelity ~90 CRI/5000K for accurate color rendering and tissue analysis. Ability/ease of positioning: Rotation axis about the rigid arm to flex arm interface: There is 315 +/- 5 degrees of travel. The vertical travel shall be achieved via the parallel link system in the flex arm. This travel is to be 27.9 inches (71.1cm). Flexible, fracture resistant handles stay cool to touch, provide positive tactile feel, and protect head from potential impact damage. Thermal energy output: 24 BTU/hr nominal at High intensity. No radiant heat. No bulb replacement. 15-Watt power consumption. Orbital LED array on magnesium chassis dissipates heat passively, no hot surfaces or handles and does not require a cooling system or fan. Full touchpad control of light modes with auto on/off capabilities on touch pads. Pattern and shadowing characteristics. When properly focused, the light pattern at 700 mm is 100 25mm x 150 25mm. (Exceed ISO 9680 requirements). Pattern size is defined at 10% of the maximum intensity. The illumination shall decrease in intensity progressively and smoothly toward the pattern edge Smooth surface exterior parts are able to be cleaned and disinfected without damage to the light's surfaces or markings. The light can be installed in rooms with a ceiling height between 8 and 10.5 feet. UL Certified in United States. A-dec 586 | Ceiling MT, Monitor MT Overhead monitor mount solution for the dental operatory. With flex arm and rotational pivot points for positioning. Two-piece extruded polyester power coated painted aluminum arm, 23 in. in length and can be adjusted to any point from 12 in above horizontal to 12 in. below horizontal. Accommodate flat panel monitors up to 20 lbs. 15-19 in flat panel LCD TV Can accommodate digital or analog monitors. VESA mount compliant Tilt mechanism for multiple viewing angles. Integrate cable management. Mounts to support structure from 9' to 10'6" in height. Mount positioning accommodates viewing from consultation/education, patient entertainment and practice management. UL Classified in USA. A-dec 585 | Cabinet MT, Monitor MT Cabinet mounted monitor bracket. With flex arm and rotational pivot points for positioning. Two-piece extruded polyester power coated painted aluminum arm, 23 in. in length and can be adjusted to any point from 12 in above horizontal to 12 in. below horizontal. Accommodate flat panel monitors up to 20 lbs. 15-19 in flat panel LCD TV. Can accommodate digital or analog monitors. VESA mount compliant Tilt mechanism accommodates multiple viewing angles. Integrate cable management. Mount positioning accommodates viewing from consultation/education, patient entertainment and practice management. UL Classified in USA. A-dec 585 | Wall MT, Monitor MT Wall mounted monitor mount.Â With flex arm and rotational pivot points for positioning. Two-piece extruded polyester power coated painted aluminum arm, 23 in. in length and can be adjusted to any point from 12 in above horizontal to 12 in. below horizontal. Accommodate flat panel monitors up to 20 lbs. 15-19 in flat panel LCD TV. Can accommodate digital or analog monitors. VESA mount compliant Tilt mechanism accommodates multiple viewing angles. Integrate cable management. Mount positioning accommodates viewing from consultation/education, patient entertainment and practice management. UL Classified in USA. A-dec Utility Center, Dental, Wall or Floor Mounted The unit contains electrical and quick connect air, waste and water utility connections. The center accommodates one umbilical and includes shut-off valves and regulators for both the air and water supplies. A-dec 532PRO | TRAD Radius Delivery System Chair mounted Dental delivery system, for assistant. Must have compatible mount to dental chair. Integrated four position handpiece control block. Operates up to four active handpiece positions and is constructed of plated lead-free brass (per section 14.17 of the Safe Drinking Water Act). Each handpiece position has an individual drive air and water adjustment. Removable water cartridge valves for servicing of block. A single sliding locking tab secures the handpiece tubing to the control block that does not require tools and allows easy access to connect or disconnect tubing. Unique water-flow system eliminates stagnant water. Dynamic simplicity with up to a 7-inch glass touchscreen Positive Positioning - Smooth positioning and placement with no uncontrolled movement. LED Coolant indicator lights up when a handpiece is lifted out of the holder. Drip-control vaporizer. Customizable placement with six positions on the control head, to integrate devices. Removable tray holders are integrated and stackable. Left/Right convertible without the use of tools. Data Control System (DCS) is used to control all of the electrical components (fiber optics, heated syringe, touch pad, camera, electric micro-motors, and dental light). Allows add-ons. Chair lockout stop; no movement when a handpiece or instrument is in use. Sili cone handpiece tubing contains anti-microbial AlphaSan and quick-disconnects secured to the control block. A 2.0 liter, quick-connect water bottle with an interior pickup tube to reduce cross-contamination. The system flush toggle; flow-through design that eliminates stagnant water and flushes all tubing's simultaneously. All interior water lines used throughout delivery system contain anti-microbial AlphaSan. The control head provides ample space to integrate up to six clinical devices. The flex arm enables easy routing of cables and tubing's. USB extension cable is provided in delivery system umbilical. Handpiece holders are independently adjustable a full 45 degrees to allow precise positioning of instruments. Must include Electric Motor handpiece (65) - Part 54.0838.00 Must include Standard Head handpiece (65) - Part 54.0829.00 Must include Electric LS, E20L handpiece (65) - Part 54.0835.00 Must include Electric LS, Straight handpiece (65) - Part 54.0836.00 Must include Equipment Devices handpiece (65) - Part CED-ETO-Core Must include Standard Electric Head handpiece (15) - Part 54.1049.00 A-dec 545STA | 12 O clock ASST Instm. Integrated four position handpiece control block can operate up to four active handpiece positions and is constructed of plated lead-free brass (per section 14.17 of the Safe Drinking Water Act). Each handpiece position has an individual drive air and water adjustment. Removable water cartridge valves for quick and easy servicing of block. Single sliding locking tab secures the handpiece tubing to the control block that requires no tools and allows easy access to connect or disconnect tubing. Unique water-flow system eliminates dead ends and stagnant water. Dynamic simplicity with up to a 7-inch glass touchscreen Positive Positioning - Smooth positioning and placement with no uncontrolled movement. LED Coolant indicator lights up when a handpiece is lifted out of the holder. Drip-control vaporizer. Customizable placement with six positions on the control head, to integrate any devices. Removable tray holders are integrated and stackable Left/Right convertible without the use of tools. Data Control System (DCS) is used to control all of the electrical components (fiber optics, heated syringe, touch pad, camera, electric micro-motors, and dental light). The DCS allows add-ons. Chair lockout stop; no movement when a handpiece or instrument is in use. Sili cone handpiece tubing contains anti-microbial AlphaSan and quick-disconnects secured to the control block. A 2.0 liter, quick-connect water bottle with an interior pickup tube to reduce the chance of cross-contamination. The system flush toggle has a flow-through design that eliminates stagnant water and flushes all tubing's simultaneously. All interior water lines used throughout delivery system contain anti-microbial AlphaSan. The control head provides ample space to integrate up to six clinical devices. The flex arm enables easy routing of cables and tubing's. USB extension cable is provided in delivery system umbilical. Handpiece holders are independently adjustable a full 45 degrees to allow precise positioning of instruments. A-dec 545STA | 12 O clock Duo Instm. Dual instruments for both doctor and assistant. Integrated four position handpiece control block can operate up to four active handpiece positions and is constructed of plated lead-free brass (per section 14.17 of the Safe Drinking Water Act). Each handpiece position has an individual drive air and water adjustment. Removable water cartridge valves allow for quick and easy servicing of block. A single sliding locking tab secures the handpiece tubing to the control block that require no tools and allows easy access to connect or disconnect tubing. Unique water-flow system eliminates dead ends and stagnant water. Dynamic simplicity with up to a 7 inch glass touchscreen. Positive Positioning - Smooth positioning and placement with no uncontrolled movement. LED Coolant indicator lights up when a handpiece is lifted out of the holder. Drip-control vaporizer. Customizable placement with six positions on the control head, integrate any devices. Removable tray holder is integrated, and stackable. Left/Right convertible without the use of tools. Data Control System (DCS) is used to control all of the electrical components (fiber optics, heated syringe, touch pad, camera, electric micro-motors, and dental light). The DCS allows add-ons. Chair lockout stop; no movement when a handpiece or instrument is in use. Sili cone handpiece tubing contains anti-microbial AlphaSan and quick-disconnects secured to the control block. A 2.0 liter, quick-connect water bottle with an interior pickup tube which reduces the chance of cross-contamination. The system flush toggle has a flow-through design that eliminates stagnant water and flushes all tubing's simultaneously. All interior water lines used throughout delivery system contain anti-microbial AlphaSan. The control head provides ample space to integrate up to six clinical devices. The flex arm enables easy routing of cables and tubing's. USB extension cable is provided in delivery system umbilical. Handpiece holders are independently adjustable a full 45 degrees to allow precise positioning of instruments. Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Countertops: Snowdon White Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 594 | Inspire Sterilization Center Configurable dental cabinets.Â Hospital-grade, UL-listed outlets and wiring.Â Easy-touch foot pedal. Opens cabinets and activates faucets. Instrument dryer. Cassette sterilizer. Storage tower. Hands free opening. Adjustable shelving dividers. Customizable make ready bins. High-volume evacuator (HVE). The Contractor shall provide services and support at the locations identified in this Performance Work Statement. The Government reserves the right to add, remove, or modify locations and facilities as mission requirements evolve across the current and future operational footprint. The Contractor shall accommodate these changes within the scope of the contract without disruption to services. Any adjustments to pricing, schedule, or resources resulting from such changes shall be addressed through the appropriate contractual modification process in accordance with the applicable Changes clause.

3.0 Work Hours: Normal business hours are 8:00AM to 4:30PM Monday through Friday excluding Federal Holidays. Work completed outside this time shall be requested through Point of Contact. The Government recognized US holidays are: New Year's Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, Presidents Day, Juneteenth, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. If the holiday falls on Sunday, it is observed on Monday.

4.0 Delivery and Receiving: Delivery and receipt of the proposed items is expected to be directed to the location identified below. Confirmation of delivery location will be provided by the VA POC post-award. Delivery must be coordinated with VA Activations POC: Connie Heyer, E: connie.heyer@goenergistics.com, P: 912-585-8207prior to any attempts at delivery. Any item that has not been coordinated will be turned away and any additional charges will be the responsibility of the sender/transportation company. The vendor is required to define the need for a staging area to accommodate item delivery, if needed. Post- award, this information will be confirmed with the vendor. Delivery trucks will not be permitted to remain at the receiving area. Trucks s...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: TIMOTHY SCARBOROUGH
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: TIMOTHY.SCARBOROUGH@VA.GOV
  - Phone: 913-946-1982

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Dental Drawings
- Attachment 2: Dental Drawings. All items listed below are name brand or equal to the brand identified below. A-dec 591 | Inspire Treatment Console Height adjustable round work surface is 22 Â½ in. diameter, constructed of Â½ in. thick Wilsonart Gibraltar The adjustable height range is 33.5 to 36 in. The work surface and support pivots 320Â° on a height adjustable post to allow for variable positioning in the treatment zone. Supports dual HVE"s or single HVE, Saliva ejector and air water syringe. Capable of holding ancillary devices such as, but not limited to curing light, warm water syringe, and Isolite. The internal water lines contain an anti-microbial AlphaSan that provided added protection against microbial contamination. Left/Right Hand Conversion without tools. All instrument delivery positions duplicated on either side of the work surface to allow both the right- and left-handed operator complete uncompromised utilization of the equipment. Multiple holder configurations including 3-position, 4-position, or dual 2-position. Individually articulating holders for maximum flexibility in instrument positioning. Modular, push-on connections on both ends of vacuum tubings for reliable seal and easy maintenance. Integral solids collector with fine mesh screen to trap materials from entering vacuum system. Standard multi-function touchpad provides secondary control of the chair and dental light. A self-contained water system is supplied. The water system is pressurized with unit air and provides water to the syringe and water quick-disconnect. The water bottle is a quick-disconnect design with an internal pickup tube to help reduce the opportunity for cross-contamination. Individual air and water pressure regulators. ON/OFF control of regulators provided by pneumatic master switch. Individual air pressure gauge. Finish options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Countertops: Snowdon White Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 593 | Inspire Side Console | Right Sink 84 Cabinet shell and related component parts are 5/8 or 3/4 in. thick, 45 lb. industrial grade particleboard. Curved end panels are Medium Density Fiberboard. Countertop is a 2 cm composite buildup of 0.236in thick plywood with phenolic backer and 12 mm thick acrylic resin. All particleboards are 100% post-industrial recycled/recovered fiber. Cabinet columns are constructed of e-coated 12-gauge cold Rolled steel for strength and rigidity. Door and drawer fronts covered with vertical grade high pressure V32 laminate (HPDL). Locks required. Drawers are constructed with Blum Tandembox drawer system with integrated soft-close. Must include sink component with waste drop, a round SS sink with faucet and soap dispenser The slides are tested to a 75-150 lb. dynamic load. Door hinges are constructed of nickel-plated steel with integrated soft-close and three-way adjustments. Door and drawer edges are finished with color matched 2 mm thick rigid PVC (polyvinyl chloride) edge banding. ICV Vacuum line cleaning system Subbase structure is made from 10-gauge roll-formed steel with 16-gauge cold-rolled steel powder coated covers that are attached by rare earth neodymium magnets. Side delivery system, inclusive of mechanical reinforcement and provisions for discrete utilities connectivity. Leveling feet are built into subbase structure for leveling cabinet prior to anchoring to the floor with seismic cleats designed to ASCE-05 standards. Cutout to allow for the routing of wires and cables internal to the consoles. Wire and management cable kits. USA UL approved 120V wiring. UL Certified in USA Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Countertops: Snowdon White Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 593 | Inspire Side Console | Left Cabinet 84 Cabinet shell and related component parts are 5/8 or 3/4 in. thick, 45 lb industrial grade particleboard. Curved end panels are Medium Density Fiberboard. Countertop is a 2 cm composite buildup of 0.236in thick plywood with phenolic backer and 12 mm thick acrylic resin. All particleboards are 100% post-industrial recycled/recovered fiber. Cabinet columns are constructed of e-coated 12-gauge cold rolled steel for strength and rigidity. Door and drawer fronts covered with vertical grade high pressure V32 laminate (HPDL). Locks required. Drawers are constructed with Blum Tandembox drawer system with integrated soft-close. The slides are tested to a 75-150 lb. dynamic load. Door hinges are constructed of nickel-plated steel with integrated soft-close and three-way adjustments. Door and drawer edges are finished with color matched 2 mm thick rigid PVC (polyvinyl chloride) edge banding. ICV Vacuum line cleaning system available as option Subbase structure is made from 10-gauge roll-formed steel with 16-gauge cold-rolled steel powder coated covers that are attached by rare earth neodymium magnets. Side delivery system, inclusive of mechanical reinforcement and provisions for discrete utilities connectivity. Leveling feet are built into subbase structure for leveling cabinet prior to anchoring to the floor with seismic cleats designed to ASCE-05 standards. Base modules include a cutout to allow for the routing of wires and cables internal to the consoles. wire and management cable kits. USA UL approved 120V wiring. UL Certified in USA. Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Countertops: Snowdon White Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 593 | Inspire Side Console | Right Sink 72 Cabinet shell and related component parts are 5/8 or 3/4 in. thick, 45 lb industrial grade particleboard. Curved end panels are Medium Density Fiberboard. Countertop is a 2 cm composite buildup of 0.236in thick plywood with phenolic backer and 12 mm thick acrylic resin. All particleboards are 100% post-industrial recycled/recovered fiber. Cabinet columns are constructed of e-coated 12-gauge cold rolled steel for strength and rigidity. Door and drawer fronts covered with vertical grade high pressure V32 laminate (HPDL). Locks required. Drawers are constructed with Blum Tandembox drawer system with integrated soft-close. Must include sink component with waste drop, a round SS sink with faucet and soap dispenser The slides are tested to a 75-150 lb. dynamic load. Door hinges are constructed of nickel-plated steel with integrated soft-close and three-way adjustments. Door and drawer edges are finished with color matched 2 mm thick rigid PVC (polyvinyl chloride) edge banding. ICV Vacuum line cleaning system available as option Subbase structure is made from 10-gauge roll-formed steel with 16-gauge cold-rolled steel powder coated covers that are attached by rare earth neodymium magnets. Side delivery system, inclusive of mechanical reinforcement and provisions for discrete utilities connectivity. Leveling feet are built into subbase structure for leveling cabinet prior to anchoring to the floor with seismic cleats designed to ASCE-05 standards. Base modules include a cutout to allow for the routing of wires and cables internal to the consoles. Wire and management cable kits. USA UL approved 120V wiring. UL Certified in USA. Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Countertops: Snowdon White Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 593 | Inspire Side Console | Left Cabinet 72 Cabinet shell and related component parts are 5/8 or 3/4 in. thick, 45 lb industrial grade particleboard. Curved end panels are Medium Density Fiberboard. Countertop is a 2 cm composite buildup of 0.236in thick plywood with phenolic backer and 12 mm thick acrylic resin. All particleboards are 100% post-industrial recycled/recovered fiber. Cabinet columns are constructed of e-coated 12-gauge cold rolled steel for strength and rigidity. Door and drawer fronts covered with vertical grade high pressure V32 laminate (HPDL). Locks required. Drawers are constructed with Blum Tandembox drawer system with integrated soft-close. The slides are tested to a 75-150 lb. dynamic load. Door hinges are constructed of nickel-plated steel with integrated soft-close and three-way adjustments. Door and drawer edges are finished with color matched 2 mm thick rigid PVC (polyvinyl chloride) edge banding. ICV Vacuum line cleaning system available as option Subbase structure is made from 10-gauge roll-formed steel with 16-gauge cold-rolled steel powder coated covers that are attached by rare earth neodymium magnets. Cabinet designed for seamless integration of optional Side delivery system, inclusive of mechanical reinforcement and provisions for discrete utilities connectivity. Leveling feet are built into subbase structure for leveling cabinet prior to anchoring to the floor with seismic cleats designed to ASCE-05 standards. Base modules include a cutout to allow for the routing of wires and cables internal to the consoles. Wire and management cable kits. USA UL approved 120V wiring. UL Certified in USA. Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Countertops: Snowdon White Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 595 | Inspire Wall-Mounted Cabinet | Oral Surgery Sink L Cabinet shell and related component parts are 5/8 or 3/4 in thick, 45 lb industrial grade particleboard. Curved end panels are Medium Density Fiberboard. All particleboards are 100% post-industrial recycled/recovered fiber. Cabinet columns are constructed of e-coated 12-gauge cold rolled steel for strength and rigidity. Door fronts covered with vertical grade high pressure V32 laminate (HPDL). Door hinges are constructed of nickel-plated steel with integrated soft-close and three-way adjustments. Internal mount for mounting A-dec Wall-Mount Light or A-dec Wall-Mount Monitor Mount Mask dispenser fits masks boxes with maximum dimensions up to: 4"W x 7.25"L Cup Dispenser fits: 4 to 5 oz. cups. Towel Dispenser fits: C-fold or Z-fold towels Glove Dispenser fits: 6.25"- 6.5"W x 10.5"-10.75"L box dimensions. Compliant with EU health and environmental RoHS and REACH directives Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 595 | Inspire Wall-Mounted Cabinet | Sink Right Dispenser Cabinet shell and related component parts are 5/8 or 3/4 in thick, 45 lb industrial grade particleboard. Curved end panels are Medium Density Fiberboard. All particleboard are 100% post-industrial recycled/recovered fiber. Cabinet columns are constructed of e-coated 12-gauge cold rolled steel for strength and rigidity. Door fronts covered with vertical grade high pressure V32 laminate (HPDL). Door hinges are constructed of nickel-plated steel with integrated soft-close and three-way adjustments. Internal mount for mounting A-dec Wall-Mount Light or A-dec Wall-Mount Monitor Mount Mask dispenser fits masks boxes with maximum dimensions up to: 4"W x 7.25"L Cup Dispenser fits: 4 to 5 oz. cups. Towel Dispenser fits: C-fold or Z-fold towels Glove Dispenser fits: 6.25"- 6.5"W x 10.5"-10.75"L box dimensions. Compliant with EU health and environmental RoHS and REACH directives Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 511 Chair Ultra-thin flexible back rest, measuring 1.25in. thick on the seamless upholstery. Headrest, standard dual articulating with gliding cushion and quick release adjustment lever. 2-position armrests, mounted mid-thigh position, design articulates forward for patient access. Robust design with durable Santoprene surface for comfort and ease of asepsis. Lift range 13.5-31.5 in (measurements are from the floor to the bottom of the seat cushion) Chair swivels 60 degrees (30 degrees each side of center). Automatic Chair-Stop. Lock-out feature disables chair movement when handpiece is in use. Integrated 300-Watt power supply provides electrical requirements for chair-mounted dental light and ancillary products. UL rated to 500LB. (227 kg) maximum patient load. Accumulators in the hydraulic lift system provide a soft chair start and stop. Lift cylinders guaranteed for up to ten years. Self-diagnosing circuit board, easily programmable, with "limp-along" lift activation. Compact bi-directional hydraulic motor pumps. Cast iron baseplate, powder coat painted and sealed with an elastomeric polymer finish to prevent rust and scratch damage to the floor. Vacuum-formed seamless upholstery constructed of 40 ounces per yard/67 gauge superior grade vinyl. Virtual-Pivot design to rotate chair. UL Classified in USA. Finish options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Upholstery: Riviera A-dec 521 Doctor s Stool Dynamic seat armature allows for 8 degrees of forward tilt in the thigh zone. Adjustable seat tilt provides 4 degrees forward and 4 degrees backward tilt. Distributes weight from seat to feet allowing proper circulation. Contoured backrest with one-handed push button height control and adjustable backrest tilt. Four Points of Adjustability: Seat tilt, seat height, backrest tilt, and backrest height. Two seat height range available: Tall range 19.6" to 24.1" (498mm -612mm) or standard range 16.4" to 21.7" (417mm - 551mm). Integral gas cylinder for height adjustment. Akulon base with five casters that provide movement on both carpet and hard flooring surfaces. Stool is rated for 350lb. Sewn upholstery with minimal seams. Easy-to-clean adjustment paddles, numbered for easy identification and control. Durable Powder Coat finish. Material is 100% Polyurethane Surface with 100% reinforced Rayon backing. Weight is 9.7 oz. per square yard. Flammability: CA TB 117-2013, NFPA 260 - Class 1, UFAC - Class 1 Earth Friendly: Greenguard Certified 5-year warranty Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Upholstery: Riviera A-dec 522 | Assistant Stool Dynamic seat armature provides 8 degrees of forward tilt in the thigh zone. Adjustable seat tilt provides 4 degrees forward and 4 degrees backward tilt. Distributes weight from seat to feet allowing proper circulation. Must include contoured backrest with one-handed push button height control and adjustable backrest tilt. Four Points of Adjustability: Seat tilt, seat height, backrest tilt, and backrest height. Seat height range: 23.1" to 28.7" (578 mm-729 mm). Integral gas cylinder for height adjustment. Akulon base with five casters that provide movement on both carpet and hard flooring surfaces. Stool is rated for 350lb. Sewn upholstery with minimal seams. Easy-to-clean adjustment paddles, numbered for easy identification and control. Height-adjustable foot ring. Height-adjustable contoured torso support convertible for left- or right-hand operators. Durable Powder Coat finish. Sewn upholstery material is 100% Polyurethane Surface with 100% reinforced Rayon backing. Weight is 9.7 oz. per square yard. Flammability: CA TB 117-2013, NFPA 260 - Class 1, UFAC - Class 1 Earth Friendly: Greenguard Certified 5-year warranty. Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Upholstery: Riviera A-dec 577L | LED Dental Light, Track MT Three axis barycentric positioning. Full 540 degrees of horizontal rotation. The Entire Light Head rotates 500-600 degrees, the Optics Head rotates 105 +/- 5 total (0 degree up, 105 degree down), the Optics Head rotates 80 degrees +/- 5 (+/- 40 degrees from vertical). Three intensity settings (15000/25000/30000lux)(1394/2323/2787fc) Cure-safe composite setting (25000lux(2323fc)/yellow). Color Temperature: High fidelity ~90 CRI/5000K for accurate color rendering and tissue analysis. Ability/ease of positioning: Rotation axis about the rigid arm to flex arm interface: There is 315 +/- 5 degrees of travel. The vertical travel shall be achieved via the parallel link system in the flex arm. This travel is to be 27.9 inches (71.1cm). Flexible, fracture resistant handles stay cool to touch, provide positive tactile feel, and protect head from potential impact damage. Thermal energy output: 24 BTU/hr nominal at High intensity. No radiant heat. No bulb replacement. 15-Watt power consumption. Orbital LED array on magnesium chassis dissipates heat passively, no hot surfaces or handles and does not require a cooling system or fan. Full touchpad control of light modes with auto on/off capabilities on touch pads. Pattern and shadowing characteristics. When properly focused, the light pattern at 700 mm is 100 25mm x 150 25mm. (Exceed ISO 9680 requirements). Pattern size is defined at 10% of the maximum intensity. The illumination shall decrease in intensity progressively and smoothly toward the pattern edge Smooth surface exterior parts are able to be cleaned and disinfected without damage to the light"s surfaces or markings. The light can be installed in rooms with a ceiling height between 8 and 10.5 feet. UL Certified in United States. A-dec 586 | Ceiling MT, Monitor MT Overhead monitor mount solution for the dental operatory. With flex arm and rotational pivot points for positioning. Two-piece extruded polyester power coated painted aluminum arm, 23 in. in length and can be adjusted to any point from 12 in above horizontal to 12 in. below horizontal. Accommodate flat panel monitors up to 20 lbs. 15-19 in flat panel LCD TV Can accommodate digital or analog monitors. VESA mount compliant Tilt mechanism for multiple viewing angles. Integrate cable management. Mounts to support structure from 9" to 10"6" in height. Mount positioning accommodates viewing from consultation/education, patient entertainment and practice management. UL Classified in USA. A-dec 585 | Cabinet MT, Monitor MT Cabinet mounted monitor bracket. With flex arm and rotational pivot points for positioning. Two-piece extruded polyester power coated painted aluminum arm, 23 in. in length and can be adjusted to any point from 12 in above horizontal to 12 in. below horizontal. Accommodate flat panel monitors up to 20 lbs. 15-19 in flat panel LCD TV. Can accommodate digital or analog monitors. VESA mount compliant Tilt mechanism accommodates multiple viewing angles. Integrate cable management. Mount positioning accommodates viewing from consultation/education, patient entertainment and practice management. UL Classified in USA. A-dec 585 | Wall MT, Monitor MT Wall mounted monitor mount.Â With flex arm and rotational pivot points for positioning. Two-piece extruded polyester power coated painted aluminum arm, 23 in. in length and can be adjusted to any point from 12 in above horizontal to 12 in. below horizontal. Accommodate flat panel monitors up to 20 lbs. 15-19 in flat panel LCD TV. Can accommodate digital or analog monitors. VESA mount compliant Tilt mechanism accommodates multiple viewing angles. Integrate cable management. Mount positioning accommodates viewing from consultation/education, patient entertainment and practice management. UL Classified in USA. A-dec Utility Center, Dental, Wall or Floor Mounted The unit contains electrical and quick connect air, waste and water utility connections. The center accommodates one umbilical and includes shut-off valves and regulators for both the air and water supplies. A-dec 532PRO | TRAD Radius Delivery System Chair mounted Dental delivery system, for assistant. Must have compatible mount to dental chair. Integrated four position handpiece control block. Operates up to four active handpiece positions and is constructed of plated lead-free brass (per section 14.17 of the Safe Drinking Water Act). Each handpiece position has an individual drive air and water adjustment. Removable water cartridge valves for servicing of block. A single sliding locking tab secures the handpiece tubing to the control block that does not require tools and allows easy access to connect or disconnect tubing. Unique water-flow system eliminates stagnant water. Dynamic simplicity with up to a 7-inch glass touchscreen Positive Positioning - Smooth positioning and placement with no uncontrolled movement. LED Coolant indicator lights up when a handpiece is lifted out of the holder. Drip-control vaporizer. Customizable placement with six positions on the control head, to integrate devices. Removable tray holders are integrated and stackable. Left/Right convertible without the use of tools. Data Control System (DCS) is used to control all of the electrical components (fiber optics, heated syringe, touch pad, camera, electric micro-motors, and dental light). Allows add-ons. Chair lockout stop; no movement when a handpiece or instrument is in use. Sili cone handpiece tubing contains anti-microbial AlphaSan and quick-disconnects secured to the control block. A 2.0 liter, quick-connect water bottle with an interior pickup tube to reduce cross-contamination. The system flush toggle; flow-through design that eliminates stagnant water and flushes all tubing"s simultaneously. All interior water lines used throughout delivery system contain anti-microbial AlphaSan. The control head provides ample space to integrate up to six clinical devices. The flex arm enables easy routing of cables and tubing"s. USB extension cable is provided in delivery system umbilical. Handpiece holders are independently adjustable a full 45 degrees to allow precise positioning of instruments. Must include Electric Motor handpiece (65) - Part 54.0838.00 Must include Standard Head handpiece (65) - Part 54.0829.00 Must include Electric LS, E20L handpiece (65) - Part 54.0835.00 Must include Electric LS, Straight handpiece (65) - Part 54.0836.00 Must include Equipment Devices handpiece (65) - Part CED-ETO-Core Must include Standard Electric Head handpiece (15) - Part 54.1049.00 A-dec 545STA | 12 O clock ASST Instm. Integrated four position handpiece control block can operate up to four active handpiece positions and is constructed of plated lead-free brass (per section 14.17 of the Safe Drinking Water Act). Each handpiece position has an individual drive air and water adjustment. Removable water cartridge valves for quick and easy servicing of block. Single sliding locking tab secures the handpiece tubing to the control block that requires no tools and allows easy access to connect or disconnect tubing. Unique water-flow system eliminates dead ends and stagnant water. Dynamic simplicity with up to a 7-inch glass touchscreen Positive Positioning - Smooth positioning and placement with no uncontrolled movement. LED Coolant indicator lights up when a handpiece is lifted out of the holder. Drip-control vaporizer. Customizable placement with six positions on the control head, to integrate any devices. Removable tray holders are integrated and stackable Left/Right convertible without the use of tools. Data Control System (DCS) is used to control all of the electrical components (fiber optics, heated syringe, touch pad, camera, electric micro-motors, and dental light). The DCS allows add-ons. Chair lockout stop; no movement when a handpiece or instrument is in use. Sili cone handpiece tubing contains anti-microbial AlphaSan and quick-disconnects secured to the control block. A 2.0 liter, quick-connect water bottle with an interior pickup tube to reduce the chance of cross-contamination. The system flush toggle has a flow-through design that eliminates stagnant water and flushes all tubing"s simultaneously. All interior water lines used throughout delivery system contain anti-microbial AlphaSan. The control head provides ample space to integrate up to six clinical devices. The flex arm enables easy routing of cables and tubing"s. USB extension cable is provided in delivery system umbilical. Handpiece holders are independently adjustable a full 45 degrees to allow precise positioning of instruments. A-dec 545STA | 12 O clock Duo Instm. Dual instruments for both doctor and assistant. Integrated four position handpiece control block can operate up to four active handpiece positions and is constructed of plated lead-free brass (per section 14.17 of the Safe Drinking Water Act). Each handpiece position has an individual drive air and water adjustment. Removable water cartridge valves allow for quick and easy servicing of block. A single sliding locking tab secures the handpiece tubing to the control block that require no tools and allows easy access to connect or disconnect tubing. Unique water-flow system eliminates dead ends and stagnant water. Dynamic simplicity with up to a 7 inch glass touchscreen. Positive Positioning - Smooth positioning and placement with no uncontrolled movement. LED Coolant indicator lights up when a handpiece is lifted out of the holder. Drip-control vaporizer. Customizable placement with six positions on the control head, integrate any devices. Removable tray holder is integrated, and stackable. Left/Right convertible without the use of tools. Data Control System (DCS) is used to control all of the electrical components (fiber optics, heated syringe, touch pad, camera, electric micro-motors, and dental light). The DCS allows add-ons. Chair lockout stop; no movement when a handpiece or instrument is in use. Sili cone handpiece tubing contains anti-microbial AlphaSan and quick-disconnects secured to the control block. A 2.0 liter, quick-connect water bottle with an interior pickup tube which reduces the chance of cross-contamination. The system flush toggle has a flow-through design that eliminates stagnant water and flushes all tubing"s simultaneously. All interior water lines used throughout delivery system contain anti-microbial AlphaSan. The control head provides ample space to integrate up to six clinical devices. The flex arm enables easy routing of cables and tubing"s. USB extension cable is provided in delivery system umbilical. Handpiece holders are independently adjustable a full 45 degrees to allow precise positioning of instruments. Finish Options: To be approved by VA interior designer. Countertops: Snowdon White Laminate: Leave Likatre A-dec 594 | Inspire Sterilization Center Configurable dental cabinets.Â Hospital-grade, UL-listed outlets and wiring.Â Easy-touch foot pedal. Opens cabinets and activates faucets. Instrument dryer. Cassette sterilizer. Storage tower. Hands free opening. Adjustable shelving dividers. Customizable make ready bins. High-volume evacuator (HVE). The Contractor shall provide services and support at the locations identified in this Performance Work Statement. The Government reserves the right to add, remove, or modify locations and facilities as mission requirements evolve across the current and future operational footprint. The Contractor shall accommodate these changes within the scope of the contract without disruption to services. Any adjustments to pricing, schedule, or resources resulting from such changes shall be addressed through the appropriate contractual modification process in accordance with the applicable Changes clause

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/18f324eb01f24c639eccf9847fb20e0a/view)