---
layout: default
title: RFI A-E Services- NIBS: Criteria, Standards, Tools, and Planning Documentation to Support Industrialized Construction (IC)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b12f771c49f6412fb2ba18aedc1b7cb0
---

# RFI A-E Services- NIBS: Criteria, Standards, Tools, and Planning Documentation to Support Industrialized Construction (IC)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-12 19:18:20.461-04
- Solicitation Number: N3943026NIBS

## Summary

Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command (NAVFAC) Engineering and Expeditionary Warfare Center (EXWC) RFI A-E Services- NIBS: Criteria, Standards, Tools, and Planning Documentation to Support Industrialized Construction (IC) 1. General Information The Naval Facilities (NAVFAC) Engineering and Expeditionary Warfare Center (EXWC) has a potential requirement for a Firm Fixed Priced contract award with a 24-month period of performance. EXWC is conducting market research to determine the range of available contractors/firms and assess their capabilities. The Government plans to award the under the following: PSC: R425 (Support- Professional: Engineering/Technical) NAICS Codes: 541310 (Architectural Services) 2. Description Requirement In accordance with Public Law 93-383, NAVFAC EXWC is seeking sources that are able to provide services for a contract to furnish professional Architect-Engineer and technical services for DOD criteria development, update, and publication for items such as United Facility Criteria and Unified Facilities Guide Specifications (UFGS), Unified Facility Code (UFC), Whole Building Design Guide (WBDG) (which also holds standard drawings and other tools for design guidance), Navy & Marine Corps Instructions, Mil-Specs and any specific facility criteria. The scope of work may include, but is not limited to, studies, reports, peer reviews, and assistance to in-house professional staff on technical matters and event response, may involve studies, reviews, schematic design, design development, construction documents. The Unified Facilities Guide Specifications (UFGS) are a joint effort of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), the Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command (NAVFAC), the Air Force Civil Engineer Center (HQ AFCEC) and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). UFGS are for use in specifying construction for the military services. The Unified Facilities Guide Specifications (UFGS) are published only in electronic format and are intended to be used with SpecsIntact software. The UFGS Master complies with UFC 1-300-02. SpecsIntact supports the UFGS format. SpecsIntact can still open Masters or Jobs created with older versions of the UFGS format. 3. Submission Instructions This is a Sources Sought Synopsis for the purpose of conducting market research. It is not a solicitation for proposals, proposal abstracts, or quotations.This RFI is issued solely for the purposes of obtaining information not readily available to the Government for planning purposes, in accordance with FAR 15.201(e). It does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFP for any particular supplies or services in the future. Furthermore, the Government is not at this time seeking proposals and will not accept unsolicited proposals. Responders are advised that the Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this RFI; all costs associated with responding to this RFI will be solely at the interested party’s expense. All interested parties (small, medium, and large businesses concerns) are invited to submit a response. Interested and responsible sources are requested to demonstrate their capability to perform the services described herein by completing the attached Capabilities Questionnaire. Please download the questionnaire, provide a complete response to all questions, and submit the finished document along with any other pertinent information. The submission should not exceed 10 pages and must be sent in writing to the Point of Contact listed in this notice no later than the specified response date and time. Submissions should be submitted in a format compatible with Microsoft Office or Adobe PDF, and include Attachment 1: Capabilities Questionnaire. The information provided will be used by the Government to determine the appropriate acquisition strategy. Responses to this request are voluntary and the Government will not pay any direct or indirect costs for any information or materials received in response to this RFI. Information received in response to this RFI may be used to structure future solicitations. All responses received may be held for an extended period of time or destroyed. In no case will any responses to this RFI be returned to the originator or information submitted shared with any other respondents. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the market research, nor will the Government provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted under this RFI. Proprietary data shall not be submitted. An award will not be made based on any information or offers received in response to this notice. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future RFP, if any is issued. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the System for Award Management (SAM) website. It is the responsibility of the potential Offerors to monitor those sites for additional information pertaining to this requirement. One electronically submitted response shall be received no later than 5:00pm Pacific Time on 27 March 2026 and reference: RFI A-E Services- NIBS: Criteria, Standards, Tools, and Planning Documentation to Support Industrialized Construction (IC) Interested businesses shall submit responses by email to Desiree E. Garcia at desiree.e,garcia9.civ@us.navy.mil and Crystal S. Brooks, crystal.s.brooks2.civ@us.navy.mil. Please submit all written questions by email to Desiree E. Garcia and Crystal S. Brooks. No phone or email solicitations with regards to the status of any subsequent RFP will be accepted prior to its release.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Desiree Garcia
  - Email: desiree.e.garcia9.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Crystal Brooks
  - Email: crystal.s.brooks2@navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Capabilities Questionnaire. The information provided will be used by the Government to determine the appropriate acquisition strategy. Responses to this request are voluntary and the Government will not pay any direct or indirect costs for any information or materials received in response to this RFI. Information received in response to this RFI may be used to structure future solicitations. All responses received may be held for an extended period of time or destroyed. In no case will any responses to this RFI be returned to the originator or information submitted shared with any other respondents. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the market research, nor will the Government provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted under this RFI. Proprietary data shall not be submitted. An award will not be made based on any information or offers received in response to this notice. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future RFP, if any is issued. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the System for Award Management (SAM) website. It is the responsibility of the potential Offerors to monitor those sites for additional information pertaining to this requirement. One electronically submitted response shall be received no later than 5:00pm Pacific Time on 27 March 2026 and reference: RFI A-E Services- NIBS: Criteria, Standards, Tools, and Planning Documentation to Support Industrialized Construction (IC) Interested businesses shall submit responses by email to Desiree E. Garcia at desiree.e,garcia9.civ@us.navy.mil and Crystal S. Brooks, crystal.s.brooks2.civ@us.navy.mil. Please submit all written questions by email to Desiree E. Garcia and Crystal S. Brooks. No phone or email solicitations with regards to the status of any subsequent RFP will be accepted prior to its release

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b12f771c49f6412fb2ba18aedc1b7cb0/view)