---
layout: default
title: 20--CYLINDER,DUPLEX
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: cdd528c18f67438a8f615dab46f958cf
---

# 20--CYLINDER,DUPLEX

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 08:44:57.803-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QYA76

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8||||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORTS (COMBO)|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|N/A|N/A|TBD|||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| NOTICE OF CYBERSECURITY MATURITY MODEL CERTIFICATION LEVEL REQUIREMENTS (NOV 2025))|1|| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAM REPRESENTATIONS (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|20|336611|1300||||||||||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| This solicitation is issued pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). This is a rated order certified for national defense use, and the Contract will follow all the requirements of the Defense Priorities and Allocations System regulation (15 CFR 700). Accelerated delivery is encouraged and accepted before the delivery date(s) listed in the schedule. ^^ All freight is FOB Origin. The resultant award of this BUY solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. Verify nomenclature, part number, and NSN prior to responding. Government source inspection is required. Unit Price:__________ FIRM Total Price:__________ FIRM Procurement Turnaround Time (PTAT) :__________ Awardee CAGE: __________ Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not at source:__________ \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the CYLINDER,DUPLEX . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.1.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DRAWING DATA=ADJUCATION |53711| -|!N |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A01 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A03 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A04 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A06 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A08 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A09 |53711| C|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A11 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A13 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A18 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A20 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A22 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A23 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A24 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A25 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A30 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A31 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A32 |53711| D|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A35 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A46 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A47 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A48 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A50 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A52 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A54 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A57 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A59 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A60 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H642-6930A63 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A01 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A03 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A04 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A05 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A06 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A07 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A08 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A09 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A10 |53711| D|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A11 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A15 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A18 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A20 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A22 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A24 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A30 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A32 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A40 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A45 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A46 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A47 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A48 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H792-8003A54 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B07 |53711| D|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B16 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B17 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B22 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B23 |53711| C|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B30 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B31 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B32 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B35 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B39 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B40 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B41 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B42 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=H793-2502B49 |53711| B|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=NSWCPD-0062-16 |53711| -|LR |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=VIR-A2378 |53711| A|ER |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6985454 |53711| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7106780 |53711| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7107927 |53711| B| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |P |041029|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |010417|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |950113|A| |03| 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Design, Manufacture, and Performance - Except as modified herein, the CYLINDER,DUPLEX furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the design, manufacture, and performance requirements specified on drawing ;NAVSEA DR # 556-7107927; cage ;53711; . 3.1.1 ;PN reference should indicate 556-7107927-46. Item required is duplex stainless steel cylinder for SSN 774 Class Hydraulic Accumulator as specified in NAVSEA Dwg 556-7107927, find 46. Cylinder to fit 3600/3700 Cubic Inch Accumulator assembly on SSN 774 Class submarine. ^^^12Jun2019^^^ NAVSEA Drawing 7107927 Find 46 erroneously references PN 7325735-0001 and Drawing 7325735 PC-1. Drawing 7325735 has not been updated at this time to include data in regards to SSN774 Class Accumulators. per ISEA, ERH793-2502B7 (pages 36-42 of 556-7107927) changed the material requirements for part 46 (the cylinder) to ASTM-A890 GR 1B. It also contains all the dimensional requirements that would be needed for manufacturing the component.;

3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-129; .

3.3 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.3.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor.

3.4 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Quality System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain a quality system acceptable to the Government. The quality system requirements shall be in accordance with ISO 9001. 4.2.1 ;Suppliers currently using and maintaining Inspection System Requirements to MIL-I-45208 are granted permission to utilize this if desired.;

4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.4 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176054323
  - Email: TAYLOR.M.FASCHING.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order
- Attachment 2: . Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.3.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cdd528c18f67438a8f615dab46f958cf/view)