---
layout: default
title: MAGAZINE,CARTRIDGE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d3843ff948bd4b26a29aa6de669ef83c
---

# MAGAZINE,CARTRIDGE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-23 16:11:04.182-04
- Solicitation Number: CL26068001

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT DLA Weapons Support is preparing to solicit a long-term contract for NSN 1005016155169 and 1005016597086. Additional NSN details can be found on Attachment 1, NSN Information. While DLA Weapons Support may have drawings/specifications associated with these items, only the source and part number listed is currently approved. This part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing knowledge by the qualified source(s) require acquisition of the part from the approved source(s). The approved source(s) retain data rights, manufacturing knowledge, or technical data that are not economically available to the Government, and the data or knowledge is essential to maintaining the quality of the part. An alternate source must qualify in accordance with the design control activity's procedures, as approved by the cognizant Government engineering activity. The qualification procedures must be approved by the Government engineering activity having jurisdiction over the part in the intended application. Non-Tailored Higher-Level Quality Requirements (ISO 9001:2015) for Manufacturers and Non-Manufacturers. RQ001: Tailored higher level contract quality requirements (manufacturers and non-manufacturers) RQ016: Component qualified products lists (QPL)/qualified manufacturers lists (QML). this item contains one or more components defined by a specification(s) with an associated qualified products list (QPL) or qualified manufacturers list (QML). qualification requirements in procurement note h02 "component qualified products list (QPL)/qualified manufacturers list (QML)" apply. The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) limits distribution of export-control technical data to DLA contractors that have an approved US/Canada Joint Certification Program (JCP) certification, have completed the Introduction to Proper Handling of DOD Export-Controlled Technical Data Training and the DLA Export-Controlled Technical Data Questionnaire (both are available at the web address given below), and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. Instructions for obtaining access to the export-controlled data can be found at: https://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Enhanced-Validation/ To be eligible for award, offerors and any sources of supply proposed for use are required to have an approved JCP certification and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access export-controlled data managed by DLA. DLA will not delay award in order for an offeror or its supplier to apply for and receive approval by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. Estimated Annual Demand Quantity – See attachment 1 NSN Info Approved sources and part numbers: CLIN 0001 1LX50 MAGPUL INDUSTRIES CORP. P/N MAG556-BLK CLIN 0002 1LX50 MAGPUL INDUSTRIES CORP. P/N MAG556-MCT North American Industry Classification System Code (NAIC) is 332994. Business Size is 1000. Sources interested in submitting a proposal on this solicitation should complete the attached market survey and spreadsheet and return the completed copies to Brent Wahle at brent.wahle@dla.mil by April 6, 2026. Notice Attachments Include: NSN Info PID Market Survey Questionnaire Market Survey NSN Spreadsheet

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brent Wahle
  - Email: brent.wahle@dla.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , NSN Information. While DLA Weapons Support may have drawings/specifications associated with these items, only the source and part number listed is currently approved. This part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing knowledge by the qualified source(s) require acquisition of the part from the approved source(s). The approved source(s) retain data rights, manufacturing knowledge, or technical data that are not economically available to the Government, and the data or knowledge is essential to maintaining the quality of the part. An alternate source must qualify in accordance with the design control activity"s procedures, as approved by the cognizant Government engineering activity. The qualification procedures must be approved by the Government engineering activity having jurisdiction over the part in the intended application. Non-Tailored Higher-Level Quality Requirements (ISO 9001:2015) for Manufacturers and Non-Manufacturers. RQ001: Tailored higher level contract quality requirements (manufacturers and non-manufacturers) RQ016: Component qualified products lists (QPL)/qualified manufacturers lists (QML). this item contains one or more components defined by a specification(s) with an associated qualified products list (QPL) or qualified manufacturers list (QML). qualification requirements in procurement note h02 "component qualified products list (QPL)/qualified manufacturers list (QML)" apply. The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) limits distribution of export-control technical data to DLA contractors that have an approved US/Canada Joint Certification Program (JCP) certification, have completed the Introduction to Proper Handling of DOD Export-Controlled Technical Data Training and the DLA Export-Controlled Technical Data Questionnaire (both are available at the web address given below), and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. Instructions for obtaining access to the export-controlled data can be found at: https://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Enhanced-Validation/ To be eligible for award, offerors and any sources of supply proposed for use are required to have an approved JCP certification and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access export-controlled data managed by DLA. DLA will not delay award in order for an offeror or its supplier to apply for and receive approval by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. Estimated Annual Demand Quantity – See attachment 1 NSN Info Approved sources and part numbers: CLIN 0001 1LX50 MAGPUL INDUSTRIES CORP. P/N MAG556-BLK CLIN 0002 1LX50 MAGPUL INDUSTRIES CORP. P/N MAG556-MCT North American Industry Classification System Code (NAIC) is 332994. Business Size is 1000. Sources interested in submitting a proposal on this solicitation should complete the attached market survey and spreadsheet and return the completed copies to Brent Wahle at brent.wahle@dla.mil by April 6, 2026. Notice Attachments Include: NSN Info PID Market Survey Questionnaire Market Survey NSN Spreadsheet

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d3843ff948bd4b26a29aa6de669ef83c/view)