---
layout: default
title: Request for Information
agency: ENERGY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 29b2bebd6d30465587d17366555b6f49
---

# Request for Information

- Agency: ENERGY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-25 11:43:59.319-04
- Solicitation Number: 89303026NOP000005

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice for U.S. Energy and Employment Report This Sources Sought Notice is a means of obtaining feedback from contractors concerning the requirements stated below, under Description of the Requirement, which is part of the acquisition planning and market research phase for this procurement. The industry input received from this Sources Sought Notice will aid in determining available sources that can meet the Government’s below stated requirements and may be considered in the preparation of the official solicitation package. This Sources Sought Notice does not constitute a solicitation. Instead, it is an opportunity for the Department of Energy (DOE or Department) to maximize small business participation by measuring the capacity and competency of small businesses to perform in all areas of this acquisition. Furthermore, DOE is interested in the capabilities and interest of other than small businesses in this procurement. The Department anticipates the release of a Request for Quote (RFQ) in the third quarter of this calendar year. DESCRIPTION OF THE REQUIREMENT The anticipated period of performance for this requirement is a one (1) year base with four one (1) year options. This will be a Firm-Fixed-Price award. Please see the attached Statement of Work for full project requirements. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS All interested contractors who are certified small business concerns (please specify which type) or other than small business concerns who believe they can meet the requirements described in this Sources Sought Notice are invited to submit, in writing, complete information describing their ability to provide the deliverables under this effort. Qualified firms shall submit a statement of interest on company letterhead demonstrating the firm’s qualifications to perform the defined work. Responses must be complete and sufficiently detailed to address the specific information. The documentation shall address, at a minimum, the following: A. Company Profile, to include: 1. Company name and address; 2. Affiliate information, parent company, joint venture partners, and potential teaming partners; 3. What other large procurement vehicle(s) (e.g., GSA FSS/MAS) does the firm hold contracts under and what is the contract number(s)? 4. Point of contact (name, title, phone number, and e-mail address); 5. UEI number and CAGE Code, as registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov/, and confirmation of an Active SAM registration. 6. Business designation/status (must correlate with SAM registration) NAICS code 541720, Research and Development in the Social Sciences and Humanities. B. Documentation of the firm’s experience with data reporting for U.S. Energy and Employment to meet DOE’s objectives, to include: 1. An outline of the products and services the firm could offer in response to this information request. 2. A summary of the firm’s key methods and techniques for implementation and operation of services. 3. An overview of any innovative or advanced features or approaches offered. 4. A summary of the firm’s experience in delivery of similar products and services. 5. An outline of the firm’s cost model and other pricing arrangements. 6. A brief statement about the anticipated data collecting and reporting industry challenges in the next five years and proposed solutions for addressing same. C. Responses are requested to indicate the likelihood of responding to an actual solicitation, if an actual solicitation is issued, using the following: ? 75% to 100% ? 50% to 74% ? 25% to 49% ? Less than 25% D. The anticipated NAICS code for this requirement is 541720: Research and Development in the Social Sciences and Humanities (SB size standard: $28 million). If contractors believe a more appropriate NAICS code applies to the requirement as detailed above, include the feedback in the firm’s response. E. Additional comments or questions: Format of Responses: Please provide a synopsis of the firm’s capabilities and contact information in no more than ten (10) single-sided pages, 12-point font, minimum one-inch margins, in Microsoft Word format with a “.docx” or “.doc” extension or in Adobe format with a “.pdf” extension. To the extent possible, all responses should be unclassified and provided for general access by the Government. Any proprietary information submitted must be clearly and separately identified and marked and will be appropriately protected. The Government will NOT be responsible for any proprietary information not clearly marked. Any material provided may be used in the development of future solicitations. All responses shall be submitted via email on or before 5:00 PM Eastern Time (ET), April 7, 2026, to the Contracting Officer, Kelley Vandecoevering (e-mail: Kelley.Vandecoevering@hq.doe.gov) and the Contract Specialist, Damion Peyton (e-mail: Damion.Peyton@hq.doe.gov ), and must include the information requested above. The subject line for all responses should be: “RESPONSE – USEER.” Late responses will not be accepted. Responses are strictly being requested for market research purposes only and should not include additional or alternative information. RESPONSES THAT DO NOT FOLLOW THE FORMAT DESCRIBED IN THIS ATTACHMENT (see Submission Instructions and Format of Responses above) WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED RESPONSIVE AND MAY NOT BE REVIEWED. Note: As permitted by Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 10, this is a market research tool being utilized for informational and planning purposes. Firms’ responses will assist the Government in the development of its acquisition strategy for a possible Request for Proposals (RFP), to be issued at a later date, and in determining whether there are contractors capable of completing these requirements. This notice shall not be construed as an RFQ or as any commitment or obligation on the part of the Government to issue a solicitation. The Government does not intend to award a contract based on this request, so quotes will not be considered. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this synopsis or any follow-up information requests. Response is strictly voluntary – it is not mandatory to submit a response to this notice to participate in any formal RFQ process that may take place in the future. However, it should be noted that information gathered through this notice may significantly influence the Department’s acquisition strategy. All interested parties will be required to respond separately to any solicitations posted as a result of this Sources Sought Notice. Sources Sought Notice Expansion: Depending upon the responses received, DOE may request additional information about firm capabilities, may conduct question and answer sessions, or may conduct meetings or industry engagement sessions regarding this requirement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Vandecoevering, Kelley R.
  - Email: kelley.vandecoevering@hq.doe.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Damion Peyton
  - Email: damion.peyton@hq.doe.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Submission Instructions and Format of Responses above) WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED RESPONSIVE AND MAY NOT BE REVIEWED. Note: As permitted by Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 10, this is a market research tool being utilized for informational and planning purposes. Firms’ responses will assist the Government in the development of its acquisition strategy for a possible Request for Proposals (RFP), to be issued at a later date, and in determining whether there are contractors capable of completing these requirements. This notice shall not be construed as an RFQ or as any commitment or obligation on the part of the Government to issue a solicitation. The Government does not intend to award a contract based on this request, so quotes will not be considered. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this synopsis or any follow-up information requests. Response is strictly voluntary – it is not mandatory to submit a response to this notice to participate in any formal RFQ process that may take place in the future. However, it should be noted that information gathered through this notice may significantly influence the Department’s acquisition strategy. All interested parties will be required to respond separately to any solicitations posted as a result of this Sources Sought Notice. Sources Sought Notice Expansion: Depending upon the responses received, DOE may request additional information about firm capabilities, may conduct question and answer sessions, or may conduct meetings or industry engagement sessions regarding this requirement

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/29b2bebd6d30465587d17366555b6f49/view)