---
layout: default
title: Establish a Blanket Purchase Agreement to Support Fort Sill Overflow Off-Post Lodging/Hotel
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 0b329d7bb49847bf8f73b2a34bc3284e
---

# Establish a Blanket Purchase Agreement to Support Fort Sill Overflow Off-Post Lodging/Hotel

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 15:51:08.545-05
- Solicitation Number: W9124L-26-Q-A007

## Summary

Non-Personal Services – ITDLM Hotel Blanket Purchase Agreement for Fort Sill, Oklahoma Amendment 00001 - The purpose of this amendment is to provide Government responses to industry questions received, please see Attachment 2 - Questions & Answers for more details. Please see revisions too Attachment 1 - ITDLM Statement of Work and Solicitation Continuous Description. Additionally, this amendment includes an oversight change as Block 28 was not previously selected. No other changes are made. All terms and conditions will remain the same. The Mission and Installation Contracting Command (MICC) Fort Sill, OK has a requirement for the support of in-processing and training troops to provide off-post lodging when Government lodging facilities are not available to Soldiers. The contractor shall furnish referenced supplies if and when requested by the Contracting Officer or his/her authorized representative. Contractor shall provide fully-furnished two beds per room in the Lawton, Oklahoma area. Contractor shall provide general cleaning daily and bed making three times a week, unless declined by occupant, and meet or exceed industry standards. Health and safety condition of room/s shall meet or exceed city, state and Government standards. The distance from Fort Sill to the hotel must be within a 10-mile radius one way trip. Requirements for the hotel room(s) will only be after the student bed capacity on Fort Sill has been filled. If a student Soldier has greater than two weeks of training left in their course and a bed does become available on Fort Sill, the Solider will be relocated to Fort Sill for the remainder of their training course. Supplies and services may include: Lodging – 2 beds per room. In Room: television with remote, coffeemaker (to include filters and coffee or coffee packs, cups, sugar/sweetener, stirrers), hair dryer, and desk in good and safe working order. Laundry Room on site and operational for Soldiers use at their expense. Copier and fax services (Personal use of copier and fax services is the responsibility of the Soldier and will be paid by the Soldier). Continental Breakfast Fitness Center Vending Machine Ice Machine Free Access to Internet/Wi-Fi for Soldiers North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) Code 721110 is applicable to this acquisition. The applicable size standard is $40,000,000.00. The Mission and Installation Contracting Command (MICC), Fort Sill, Oklahoma, intends to award a five-year Blanket Purchase Agreement to a maximum of three Contractors that meet the requirements. The Government will be issuing a 100% set-aside for small businesses under a Request for Quote (RFQ). Contract award will be made considering the distance from Fort Sill, Oklahoma and price. A Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Blanket Purchase Agreement is anticipated. Services shall be procured pursuant to the regulatory direction of FAR Part 12.201-1, Simplified Procedures. All responsible sources may submit a response, which, if timely received, will be considered. All quotes must be submitted by 16 March 2026, 2:00 PM CST. See solicitation for Quote Preparation Instructions. Pursuant to FAR 4.203-1(b), prospective contractors shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award of a contract. Contractors may obtain further information on SAM registration at the following website: https://sam.gov/. This announcement does not obligate the Government to award a contract, nor does it obligate the Government to award a contract, nor does it obligate the Government to pay for any quote preparation costs. The entire solicitation package will be made available on www.sam.gov website. Request for copies of the solicitation package by any other means will not be honored. Potential offerors are responsible for monitoring the sam.gov website for release of the solicitation package or subsequent solicitation amendments. Any questions may be directed to Brandi O’Daniel (Contracting Officer) at brandi.l.odaniel.civ@army.mil and Sommer Roach (Contract Specialist) at sommer.p.roach.civ@army.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brandi O'Daniel
  - Email: brandi.l.odaniel.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5209441791
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Sommer Roach
  - Email: SOMMER.P.ROACH.CIV@ARMY.MIL
  - Phone: 5207184787

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Questions & Answers for more details. Please see revisions too Attachment 1 - ITDLM Statement of Work and Solicitation Continuous Description. Additionally, this amendment includes an oversight change as Block 28 was not previously selected. No other changes are made. All terms and conditions will remain the same. The Mission and Installation Contracting Command (MICC) Fort Sill, OK has a requirement for the support of in-processing and training troops to provide off-post lodging when Government lodging facilities are not available to Soldiers. The contractor shall furnish referenced supplies if and when requested by the Contracting Officer or his/her authorized representative. Contractor shall provide fully-furnished two beds per room in the Lawton, Oklahoma area. Contractor shall provide general cleaning daily and bed making three times a week, unless declined by occupant, and meet or exceed industry standards. Health and safety condition of room/s shall meet or exceed city, state and Government standards. The distance from Fort Sill to the hotel must be within a 10-mile radius one way trip. Requirements for the hotel room(s) will only be after the student bed capacity on Fort Sill has been filled. If a student Soldier has greater than two weeks of training left in their course and a bed does become available on Fort Sill, the Solider will be relocated to Fort Sill for the remainder of their training course. Supplies and services may include: Lodging – 2 beds per room. In Room: television with remote, coffeemaker (to include filters and coffee or coffee packs, cups, sugar/sweetener, stirrers), hair dryer, and desk in good and safe working order. Laundry Room on site and operational for Soldiers use at their expense. Copier and fax services (Personal use of copier and fax services is the responsibility of the Soldier and will be paid by the Soldier). Continental Breakfast Fitness Center Vending Machine Ice Machine Free Access to Internet/Wi-Fi for Soldiers North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) Code 721110 is applicable to this acquisition. The applicable size standard is $40,000,000.00. The Mission and Installation Contracting Command (MICC), Fort Sill, Oklahoma, intends to award a five-year Blanket Purchase Agreement to a maximum of three Contractors that meet the requirements. The Government will be issuing a 100% set-aside for small businesses under a Request for Quote (RFQ). Contract award will be made considering the distance from Fort Sill, Oklahoma and price. A Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Blanket Purchase Agreement is anticipated. Services shall be procured pursuant to the regulatory direction of FAR Part 12.201-1, Simplified Procedures. All responsible sources may submit a response, which, if timely received, will be considered. All quotes must be submitted by 16 March 2026, 2:00 PM CST. See solicitation for Quote Preparation Instructions. Pursuant to FAR 4.203-1(b), prospective contractors shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award of a contract. Contractors may obtain further information on SAM registration at the following website: https://sam.gov/. This announcement does not obligate the Government to award a contract, nor does it obligate the Government to award a contract, nor does it obligate the Government to pay for any quote preparation costs. The entire solicitation package will be made available on www.sam.gov website. Request for copies of the solicitation package by any other means will not be honored. Potential offerors are responsible for monitoring the sam.gov website for release of the solicitation package or subsequent solicitation amendments. Any questions may be directed to Brandi O’Daniel (Contracting Officer) at brandi.l.odaniel.civ@army.mil and Sommer Roach (Contract Specialist) at sommer.p.roach.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0b329d7bb49847bf8f73b2a34bc3284e/view)