---
layout: default
title: 7110--36C26126Q0582 | Enclose Engineering Conference Room
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: edb901d4d0da488c9035ac146c8d587b
---

# 7110--36C26126Q0582 | Enclose Engineering Conference Room

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-07 17:30:16.111-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26126Q0582
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY 36C26126Q0582 No Solicitation is currently Available. Project Title: Enclose Engineering Conference Room, Las Vegas VA Medical Center PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Southern Nevada VA Health Care System, Las Vegas VA Medical Center, 6900 North Pecos Road, North Las Vegas, NV 89086 Your email response subject line must be Response to Sources Sought Notice to Enclose Engineering Conference Room, Insert Your Company Name, Las Vegas VA Medical Center (OM) . This notice is to assist the VA in determining sources only. Description: THE RESULTING SOLCITATION WILL BE FOR THE PURCHASE OF COMMERCIAL EQUIPMENT WITH INCIDENTAL INSTALLATION REQUEST. Title: Enclose Engineering Conference Room, Las Vegas VA Medical Center Point of Contact: David Rovner, Contract Specialist, email: david.rovner@va.gov All associated project documents shall be incorporated into the Proposal Request which shall be posted electronically through https://sam.gov at a future date. Inquiries will only be accepted in writing via email to david.rovner@va.gov on or before April 13, 2026, by 12:00 PM (PST). Subject: Sources Sought Notice, Enclose Engineering Conference Room, Las Vegas VA Medical Center (OM) The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of this Sources Sought Notice or to otherwise pay for the information solicited. All information contained in this Sources Sought Announcement is preliminary, as well as subject to modification. Although proposal, offeror, contractor, and offeror may be used in this sources sought notice, any response will be treated as information only. It shall not be used as a proposal. The purpose of this sources sought notice is to conduct market research to support the project identified above. This notice serves to survey the market in an attempt to ascertain whether or not sources are capable of providing the requested services. This notice allows potential contractors/vendors to submit a non-binding statement of interest and documentation demonstrating their capability. The sources sought effort is intended to assess industry capabilities and develop/support the intended direction of acquisition planning. The Network Contracting Office (NCO 21) is requesting responses from qualified business concerns; the qualifying NAICS code for this effort is 337214 Office Furniture (except Wood) Manufacturing. This sources sought notice is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classifications (Service Disabled/Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB/VOSB), Hub zone, 8(a), small, small disadvantaged, woman owned small business, or large business) relative to NAICS 337214. Responses to this notice, will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. Based upon information received in response to this Sources Sought Notice, the Government shall make a determination on a procurement strategy, which shall include the type of small business set-aside, if appropriate. The eventual procurement strategy and set-aside, if appropriate, is solely within the discretion of the Government. After review of the responses to this notice, a solicitation announcement may be published. Responses to this notice are not considered adequate responses to any corresponding solicitation announcement. All interested offerors will have to respond to the solicitation announcement in addition to responding to this notice. Issuance of this notice does not constitute any obligation whatsoever on the part of the Government to procure these services, or to issue a solicitation, nor to notify respondents of the results of this notice. No solicitation documents exist at this time; however, in the event the acquisition strategy demonstrates that an internal contracting vehicle is a viable option for procuring a solution, the request for proposal (RFP) shall be posted internally. The Department of Veterans Affairs is neither seeking quotes nor accepting unsolicited quotes, and responses to this notice cannot be accepted as offers. Any information received from a contractor in response to this Sources Sought Notice may be used in creating a solicitation. Any information received which is marked with a statement, such as proprietary or confidential, intended to restrict distribution will not be distributed outside of the Government, except as required by law. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this Sources Sought. Background: The Department of Veterans Affairs is seeking vendors who can provide materials, labor, tools, equipment, transportation, supervision, project management, administrative support, and specialized expertise for the Las Vegas VA Medical Center to Enclose Engineering Conference Room as per the attached Statement of Work, Drawings, . The vendors must demonstrate the ability to meet all requirements for this notice. See Statement of Work and additional attachments for all details. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 337214 Office Furniture (except Wood) Manufacturing, and the small business size standard is 1,100 Employees. PSC Code is 7110 - Office Furniture. In accordance with FAR

36.204 Disclosure of the magnitude of this construction project is anticipated between $25,000 and $100,000. Potential Offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for an award (See https://www.sam.gov/SAM/pages/public/index.jsf). Potential Offerors must also have a current Online Representations and Certification Application on file with SAM. Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses and Veteran-Owned Small Businesses shall have their ownership and control verified by the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and be listed in the Small Business Administration s (SBA) Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) at https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/#home. INSTRUCTIONS: Because the solicitation strategy is dependent upon responses to this sources sought notice, interested parties are encouraged to provide complete and accurate responses to all items, although which should be limited to a brief description, one page (1) page (including cover letter). If any portions seem unclear, prohibited, and/or you are unsure about the draft descriptions of the requirement please list your comments and/or concerns in your response so they can be addressed. a) STATEMENT OF CAPABLILITY - Demonstrate how your company can provide the requested services that are required in the attached Statement of Work (SOW) both in magnitude and scope. Include past experience (within the past five years) in similar in both in magnitude and scope services to the VA, other Government (Federal or State) agency, or for a private facility. Include general information, a brief description of the work, and total magnitude of each project. b) SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS - Specify under which disadvantaged group and if your firm is certified under Section 8(a) of the Small Business Act. Indicate if your firm is a certified Service- Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) or Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB). c) SAM UEI NUMBER - Include your SAM.gov Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number of your firm in your response. d) BONDING CAPABILITY - Bonding Capability; per contract and aggregate. Provide amount of aggregate bonding currently available (i.e. amount not committed). e) QUESTIONS TO BE ANSWERED Please provide answers to the following questions: 1. Does the magnitude of construction seem feasible? 2. Is the period of performance listed in the statement of work reasonable? 3. Has your firm performed similar projects in scale to repair road cracks and slurry seal? If so, how recent? What is your bonding capacity? Please briefly discuss your plan to meet the period of performance timelines, which shall not exceed 1 page. Has your firm had previous experience working with the government or the VA specifically? Has your firm completed a repair road cracks and slurry seal project on a hospital campus? What would be your proposed general method? This work will require experienced journeymen technicians. Are such employees on staff or will the service need to be subcontracted? If a subcontractor is needed, how long or how many previous jobs of similar scale and scope have your firms worked together? What are any estimated lead times for this project and any potential supply chain disruptions or other issues you foresee? If interested, responses are due in writing only by 12:00 PM (PST), April 13, 2026. Please submit e-mail responses to David Rovner, Contract Specialist, at email address: david.rovner@va.gov. DISCLAIMER This Sources Sought Notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this Sources Sought Notice that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this Sources Sought Notice. ----- End of Sources Sought Notice-----

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David Rovner
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: david.rovner@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/edb901d4d0da488c9035ac146c8d587b/view)