---
layout: default
title: USAFSAM/OE Water Testing
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 7df1386c7eb84e61837c1dbbbc933aae
---

# USAFSAM/OE Water Testing

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 13:21:33.043-04
- Solicitation Number: COMBO-AFRL-PZLEQ-2026-0009

## Summary

SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION: This combined synopsis/solicitation is expected to result in the award of a (5) five year, pre-priced Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) for Water Testing & Analysis IAW Attch 1 – PWS 18 March 2026. The Period of Performance (POP) will commence upon contract award and last for five years, or until the BPA ceiling is reached, whichever comes first. This solicitation is prepared in accordance with the format in the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; formal quotations are being requested. An award, if any, will be made to the offeror’s quotation deemed the best value to the Government based on the following: Conformance to the Requirements of the solicitation. A rating of “Acceptable” on the Technical Capability evaluation factor. Submits the quotation with the lowest total evaluated price (TEP), provided it is deemed fair and reasonable. The TEP will be evaluated based on Attachment 2 – Price List Spreadsheet The Contractor shall complete the price list included in attachment 2 – Price List spreadsheet. The completed price list will be attached to the awarded BPA. Submittal of quotes in response to this solicitation constitutes agreement by the Offeror of all term & conditions contained herein, which will also be the terms & conditions of the resulting BPA. It is the Offerors responsibility to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions included in Attachment 3. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions or make no award at all depending upon the quality of quotations submissions (RFQ) using FAR 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items. Acceptable means of Submission: All submissions must be submitted electronically to the following email address jessica.briggs@us.af.mil by Friday, 20 MARCH 2026 at 5:00 PM EDT. Any correspondence sent via- email must contain the subject line “OE WATER TESTING & ANALYSIS”. The entire quotation must be contained in a single e-mail, unless otherwise pre-approved and does not exceed 5 megabytes including attachments. E-mails with compressed files will not be accepted. Note that e-mail filters at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base are designed to filter e-mails without subject lines or with suspicious subject lines or contents (i.e.. .exe or .zip files). Therefore, if the specified subject line is not included, the e-mail may not get through the e-mail filters. Also be advised that .zip or .exe files are not allowable attachments and may be deleted by the email filters at Wright-Patterson. If sending attachments with email, ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls, or .xlsx documents are sent. The email filter may delete any other form of attachments. REQUIREMENT: Water Testing & Analysis IAW Attch 1-PWS 18 March 2026, as well as in the attached Price List Spreadsheet (Attachment 2). The quotations may be in any formant but MUST include: Proposing company’s name, address, DUNS number, Cage Code, and TIN, and: Point of contact’s name, phone, and email Quotation number & date Timeframe the quote is valid Individual item price Important Notice to Contractors: All prospective awardees are required to register at the System of Award Management (SAM) and to maintain active registration during the life of the contract. SAM can be accessed at https://www.sam.gov. TERMS AND CONDITIONS – BLANKET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (BPA) BPA MASTER DOLLAR LIMIT: $500,000.00 BPA GPC CALL LIMIT: $25,000.00 BPA Contracting Officer CALL LIMIT: $150,000.00 Period of Performance: Five (5) years after Contract Award NAICS: 541380 – Testing Laboratories and Services PSC CODE: Q301 – Reference Laboratory Testing Small Business Size Standard: $23.5M Effective Period: The effective period of this Agreement is Five (5) years from date of Agreement, unless the Contracting Officer or the Contractor withdraws in writing prior to this date. Any termination will require a minimum of thirty (30) days written notice to either party addressed herein or expiration of the Agreement. Extent of Obligation: The Government is obligated only to the extent of authorized calls (made via verbal, emails, faxes) actually placed against this Blanket Purchase Agreement and the vendor deliveries with receipt and accepted by the Government. The Government shall not be liable in any manner in the event no calls or emails are made. PURCHASE (CALL) LIMITATIONS: When placed by a Contracting Officer, the individual purchase (call) shall not exceed $150,000.00. When placed by an authorized caller, the individual purchase (call) shall not exceed $25,000.00 and shall use a Government Purchase Card (GPC). The Contracting Officer will furnish the vendor a list of individuals authorized to purchase under this BPA, identified by title or position, or by name of individual, organizational component, and the dollar limitation per purchase for each position title or individual by separate letter. The vendor shall not honor calls received from personnel not so listed, nor will the Government accept any resultant deliveries or changes. CALLS: The vendor shall receive purchase requests (service calls), telephonically, written, electronically by email, or by facsimile. Vendor personnel receiving such calls verbally should assure themselves sufficient information is obtained to prepare the delivery ticket as required by paragraph 5 of this Agreement. Calls can be made during business hours, 07:30 am to 4:30 pm daily. DELIVERY TICKETS: The vendor shall provide a Delivery Ticket for each service under the Agreement. The Delivery Ticket shall contain the following minimum information: Name of supplier, BPA number, Date of purchase, Itemized list of supplies or service furnished, Quantity, unit price, and extension of each item less applicable discounts (unit prices and extensions need not be shown when incompatible with the use of automated systems, provided that the invoice is itemized to show this information) and Date of delivery or shipment DELIVERIES: The contractor shall deliver to the address on Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio that is specified in the call or ordering document. INSPECTION/ACCEPTANCE: Inspection and acceptance will be at destination, unless otherwise provided. Until delivery and acceptance, and after any rejections, risk of loss will be on the contractor unless loss results from negligence of the United States Government. Notwithstanding the requirements for any Government inspection and test contained in specifications applicable to this contract, except where specialized inspections or tests are specified for performance solely by the government, the vendor shall perform or have performed the inspections and tests required to substantiate that the supplies and services provided under the contract conform to the drawings, specification, and contract requirements for the manufacturer’s part numbers specified herein. INVOICES: A summary invoice upon conclusion of each class for all transportation rendered during the class period, identifying the delivery tickets covered therein, stating their total dollar value, and supported by receipted copies of the delivery tickets. The vendor shall only invoice items that have been delivered, received, and accepted. The vendor is referred to “FAR Part 52.212-4(g) Invoice” for required information on the vendor’s invoice. A summary invoice shall be submitted to the authorized caller. Upon completion or cancellation of this BPA, the contractor should submit an itemized invoice for all deliveries made or orders complete for which payment has not already been made via the GPC. METHOD OF PAYMENT: Prompt Payment Act. The Government is required to pay a valid invoice net 30 days. This means 30 days after the receipt of the vendor’s invoice and the Government’s receiving report; the Government is required to pay the vendor. If the Government delays payment, interest will automatically be added to the vendor’s invoice charges and will be paid. Government Purchase Card. The contractor shall accept payment from an authorized caller only up to the amount of $25,000.00. Discount to Prompt Payment. Not Applicable. BPA COMPLETION: This BPA will be considered complete upon expiration of the specified period of performance or when the BPA Master Dollar Limit is reached. No further calls or orders are authorized to be placed against the BPA once it is complete and the contractor shall not accept calls or orders for supplies or services covered under this BPA once it is complete. OUTSTANDING PURCHASES: The contractor shall supply the items that were called for or ordered prior to completion or cancellation of this BPA within the time frame specified in the call or order. The terms and conditions of this BPA shall apply to such purchases to the same extent as if the purchase was completed prior to completion or cancellation of this BPA. The contractor shall not accept any calls which exceed the Master Dollar Limit, Call Limit or Period of Performance of the Agreement. CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION DATA Payment Information Invoices & Payment Type: Purchases up to $25,000.00 will be made by the authorized caller only via the Government Purchase Card (GPC). GPC Payments shall be made in accordance with FAR 52.232-36. Purchase over $25,000.00 will be made by the Contracting Officer via BPA Call. Payment will be made in accordance with DFAR 252.232-7006, Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions ATTACHMENTS: – PWS 18 MARCH 2026 - Price List 18 MARCH 2026

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jessica Briggs
  - Email: jessica.briggs@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Price List Spreadsheet The Contractor shall complete the price list included in attachment 2 – Price List spreadsheet. The completed price list will be attached to the awarded BPA. Submittal of quotes in response to this solicitation constitutes agreement by the Offeror of all term & conditions contained herein, which will also be the terms & conditions of the resulting BPA. It is the Offerors responsibility to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions included in Attachment 3. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions or make no award at all depending upon the quality of quotations submissions (RFQ) using FAR 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items. Acceptable means of Submission: All submissions must be submitted electronically to the following email address jessica.briggs@us.af.mil by Friday, 20 MARCH 2026 at 5:00 PM EDT. Any correspondence sent via- email must contain the subject line “OE WATER TESTING & ANALYSIS”. The entire quotation must be contained in a single e-mail, unless otherwise pre-approved and does not exceed 5 megabytes including attachments. E-mails with compressed files will not be accepted. Note that e-mail filters at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base are designed to filter e-mails without subject lines or with suspicious subject lines or contents (i.e.. .exe or .zip files). Therefore, if the specified subject line is not included, the e-mail may not get through the e-mail filters. Also be advised that .zip or .exe files are not allowable attachments and may be deleted by the email filters at Wright-Patterson. If sending attachments with email, ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls, or .xlsx documents are sent. The email filter may delete any other form of attachments. REQUIREMENT: Water Testing & Analysis IAW Attch 1-PWS 18 March 2026, as well as in the attached Price List Spreadsheet (Attachment 2). The quotations may be in any formant but MUST include: Proposing company’s name, address, DUNS number, Cage Code, and TIN, and: Point of contact’s name, phone, and email Quotation number & date Timeframe the quote is valid Individual item price Important Notice to Contractors: All prospective awardees are required to register at the System of Award Management (SAM) and to maintain active registration during the life of the contract. SAM can be accessed at https://www.sam.gov. TERMS AND CONDITIONS – BLANKET PURCHASE AGREEMENT (BPA) BPA MASTER DOLLAR LIMIT: $500,000.00 BPA GPC CALL LIMIT: $25,000.00 BPA Contracting Officer CALL LIMIT: $150,000.00 Period of Performance: Five (5) years after Contract Award NAICS: 541380 – Testing Laboratories and Services PSC CODE: Q301 – Reference Laboratory Testing Small Business Size Standard: $23.5M Effective Period: The effective period of this Agreement is Five (5) years from date of Agreement, unless the Contracting Officer or the Contractor withdraws in writing prior to this date. Any termination will require a minimum of thirty (30) days written notice to either party addressed herein or expiration of the Agreement. Extent of Obligation: The Government is obligated only to the extent of authorized calls (made via verbal, emails, faxes) actually placed against this Blanket Purchase Agreement and the vendor deliveries with receipt and accepted by the Government. The Government shall not be liable in any manner in the event no calls or emails are made. PURCHASE (CALL) LIMITATIONS: When placed by a Contracting Officer, the individual purchase (call) shall not exceed $150,000.00. When placed by an authorized caller, the individual purchase (call) shall not exceed $25,000.00 and shall use a Government Purchase Card (GPC). The Contracting Officer will furnish the vendor a list of individuals authorized to purchase under this BPA, identified by title or position, or by name of individual, organizational component, and the dollar limitation per purchase for each position title or individual by separate letter. The vendor shall not honor calls received from personnel not so listed, nor will the Government accept any resultant deliveries or changes. CALLS: The vendor shall receive purchase requests (service calls), telephonically, written, electronically by email, or by facsimile. Vendor personnel receiving such calls verbally should assure themselves sufficient information is obtained to prepare the delivery ticket as required by paragraph 5 of this Agreement. Calls can be made during business hours, 07:30 am to 4:30 pm daily. DELIVERY TICKETS: The vendor shall provide a Delivery Ticket for each service under the Agreement. The Delivery Ticket shall contain the following minimum information: Name of supplier, BPA number, Date of purchase, Itemized list of supplies or service furnished, Quantity, unit price, and extension of each item less applicable discounts (unit prices and extensions need not be shown when incompatible with the use of automated systems, provided that the invoice is itemized to show this information) and Date of delivery or shipment DELIVERIES: The contractor shall deliver to the address on Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio that is specified in the call or ordering document. INSPECTION/ACCEPTANCE: Inspection and acceptance will be at destination, unless otherwise provided. Until delivery and acceptance, and after any rejections, risk of loss will be on the contractor unless loss results from negligence of the United States Government. Notwithstanding the requirements for any Government inspection and test contained in specifications applicable to this contract, except where specialized inspections or tests are specified for performance solely by the government, the vendor shall perform or have performed the inspections and tests required to substantiate that the supplies and services provided under the contract conform to the drawings, specification, and contract requirements for the manufacturer’s part numbers specified herein. INVOICES: A summary invoice upon conclusion of each class for all transportation rendered during the class period, identifying the delivery tickets covered therein, stating their total dollar value, and supported by receipted copies of the delivery tickets. The vendor shall only invoice items that have been delivered, received, and accepted. The vendor is referred to “FAR Part 52.212-4(g) Invoice” for required information on the vendor’s invoice. A summary invoice shall be submitted to the authorized caller. Upon completion or cancellation of this BPA, the contractor should submit an itemized invoice for all deliveries made or orders complete for which payment has not already been made via the GPC. METHOD OF PAYMENT: Prompt Payment Act. The Government is required to pay a valid invoice net 30 days. This means 30 days after the receipt of the vendor’s invoice and the Government’s receiving report; the Government is required to pay the vendor. If the Government delays payment, interest will automatically be added to the vendor’s invoice charges and will be paid. Government Purchase Card. The contractor shall accept payment from an authorized caller only up to the amount of $25,000.00. Discount to Prompt Payment. Not Applicable. BPA COMPLETION: This BPA will be considered complete upon expiration of the specified period of performance or when the BPA Master Dollar Limit is reached. No further calls or orders are authorized to be placed against the BPA once it is complete and the contractor shall not accept calls or orders for supplies or services covered under this BPA once it is complete. OUTSTANDING PURCHASES: The contractor shall supply the items that were called for or ordered prior to completion or cancellation of this BPA within the time frame specified in the call or order. The terms and conditions of this BPA shall apply to such purchases to the same extent as if the purchase was completed prior to completion or cancellation of this BPA. The contractor shall not accept any calls which exceed the Master Dollar Limit, Call Limit or Period of Performance of the Agreement. CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION DATA Payment Information Invoices & Payment Type: Purchases up to $25,000.00 will be made by the authorized caller only via the Government Purchase Card (GPC). GPC Payments shall be made in accordance with FAR 52.232-36. Purchase over $25,000.00 will be made by the Contracting Officer via BPA Call. Payment will be made in accordance with DFAR 252.232-7006, Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions ATTACHMENTS: – PWS 18 MARCH 2026 - Price List 18 MARCH 2026

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7df1386c7eb84e61837c1dbbbc933aae/view)