---
layout: default
title: Lease of Office Space within Columbia, SC. Request for Lease Proposals (RLP) #26NAT01 - Office Space
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 356384c27f214a918c2a239ed12ba788
---

# Lease of Office Space within Columbia, SC. Request for Lease Proposals (RLP) #26NAT01 - Office Space

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 09:11:24.229-04
- Solicitation Number: 5SC0131

## Summary

This advertisement is incorporated by reference into Request for Lease Proposals (RLP) #26NAT01 as an attachment. The RLP is available through the Leasing Portal at: https://leasing.gsa.gov/leasing/s/ViewRLP The U.S. Government is seeking competitive lease proposals for new and/or continuing leasing opportunities through the Leasing Portal. Award under this RLP will be made to the lowest-priced, technically acceptable offer, without negotiations. City: Columbia State: South Carolina Delineated Area (See Attached Map): Highway 6 (North Lake Dr) intersects Lake Murray Blvd Lake Murray Blvd Intersects Broad River Rd Broad River Rd intersects I-20 I-20 intersects Fairfield Rd (Fairfield Rd becomes N. Main St) N. Main St intersects SC-16 (SC-16 becomes Academy St) Academy St intersects Farrow Rd Farrow Rd intersects Harden St Harden St intersects Rosewood Dr Rosewood Dr intersects Highway 378 Highway 378 to I-77 I-77 to Fish Hatchery Rd Fish Hatcher Rd intersects Pine Ridge Dr (Pine Ridge Dr becomes Ramblin Rd) Ramblin Rd intersects Platt Springs Rd Platt Springs Rd intersects South Lake Dr (Hwy 6) Minimum ABOA Square Feet: 9,000 Maximum ABOA Square Feet: 9,400 Space Type: Office & related space plus rooftop space to house up to three (3) antennae Parking: 30 on-site, reserved, secure parking spaces Lease Term: 15 years, 13 years firm Amortization Term: 8 years for both Tenant Improvements and Building Specific Amortized Capital. Offerors are encouraged to submit rates for all terms available in the AAAP RLP to be considered for future requirements. AGENCY UNIQUE REQUIREMENTS Agency Tenant Improvement Allowance: $59.40 per ABOA SF The Government anticipates that the Tenant Improvement buildout for this requirement may exceed the allowance by approximately $185.00 per ABOA SF. The Government will use the TI Allowance as stated above in evaluating the TI rent component of offers; however, this does not preclude the Government from consideration of move-related replications costs in the evaluation, as outlined under RLP #26NAT01 Paragraph 4.04 “Present Value Price Evaluation (AAAP Variation).” The disclosure of this potential overage is not intended to be construed as an estimate of move-related replications costs. Also, it is not intended to serve as either an accurate estimate or an agreement by the Government as to the final pricing of the TI work, nor is it a commitment by the Government as to the level of TI work that eventually will be required. This disclosure is only intended to assist Offerors in understanding their potential obligation with respect to financing the full amount of Tenant improvements, as outlined under the Lease Paragraph 1.06 “Rental Adjustment, Tenant Improvement, Building Specific Amortized Capital (AAAP Variation). Building Specific Amortized Capital (BSAC): $12.00 per ABOA SF Additional Requirements: Contiguous space on one floor is required. Proposed building cannot be less than 1,000 feet from residential areas, places of worship, schools, hospitals, prisons, abortion, mental health and/or drug rehabilitation clinics as well as day care facilities or be located inside a shopping mall or shopping center. The proposed building cannot house public parking underneath or within the building. Metered or public parking directly in front, behind or next to the building is also prohibited. Offered space must be above 1st floor but cannot be top floor of offered building. However, a single-story facility could be considered. Offered buildings/properties may be subject to a risk/vulnerability assessment and, if deemed unacceptable as a result, the building shall not be considered The offered space must be able to meet the minimum Facility Security Level (FSL) II requirements provided for in this Request for Lease Proposals. HOW TO OFFER The Leasing Portal (https://leasing.gsa.gov) enables interested parties to offer space to the Federal Government through a secure, web-based process. To participate, register on the site by selecting “Register to Offer Space” and follow the instructions provided. Helpful resources—including instructional guides and video tutorials—are available on the portal under the Resources tab. The Open Period runs from the 1st through the 7th of each month, ending at 8:00 p.m. Eastern Time unless otherwise stated by the Government and unless the 7th falls on a weekend or Federal Holiday. If the 7th falls on a weekend or Federal Holiday, the Open Period will end at 8:00 PM (ET) on the next business day. No submissions are accepted during the Closed Period. During an Open Period, users may submit new offers, or modify or withdraw existing ones. Lease awards will be made to the lowest-priced, technically acceptable offer without negotiations. Offered space must comply with all applicable Federal, State, and Local jurisdiction requirements, including standards for fire and life safety, accessibility, seismic resilience, and energy efficiency. A fully serviced lease is required. Daytime cleaning is required during the normal hours of operation from 7:00 am to 6:00 pm, Monday through Friday, with the exception of Federal holidays. Offered space shall not be in the 1-percent-annual chance/0.2-percent-annual chance floodplain (formerly referred to as [“100-year”/“500-Year”] floodplain). IMPORTANT NOTES Check the attachments and links section of this notice for possible, additional project-specific requirements or modifications to the RLP. Please review Section 889 of the FY19 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) regarding telecommunications equipment restrictions: https://acquisition.gov/FAR-Case-2019-009/889_Part_B SAM registration should be initiated as soon as possible. Refer to RLP Section 3.06, subparagraph B.7 The Government may award multiple leases to satisfy new requirements or to compete expiring leases. Specific requirements will be identified following the close of the Open Period. Lease awards will be made without negotiations to the lowest-priced, technically acceptable offer, based on RLP criteria. The offered space will be scaled by the Government. The resulting lease will be based on the square footage scaled and all financials components of the successful offer will be applied to the resulting square footage calculated.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Raffaela Battiloro
  - Email: raffaela.battiloro@gsa.gov
  - Phone: 2122643446

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/356384c27f214a918c2a239ed12ba788/view)