---
layout: default
title: NEW - Air Force Installation and Mission Support Center (AFIMSC) Streamlining Procurement for Effective Execution & Delivery (SPEED) Commercial Solutions Opening (CSO)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 37d299adee36430384351b2237497fbc
---

# NEW - Air Force Installation and Mission Support Center (AFIMSC) Streamlining Procurement for Effective Execution & Delivery (SPEED) Commercial Solutions Opening (CSO)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 15:14:29.34-04
- Solicitation Number: FA890326SC001

## Summary

DISCLAIMER: Please be advised that this combined synopsis/solicitation has been transferred from the 771 ESS to the 772 ESS and is a continuation of combined synopsis/solicitation FA8003-25-S-C001. Please see updated POCs below and any inquiries may also be sent to the new org box: 772 ESS/Speed CSO at 772ESS.Speed.CSO@us.af.mil. Note: "Open" indicates that submissions may be provided at any time. "Closed" indicates that there is a definitive due date for submissions. REVISED POSTING: Revised attachment below, dated 16 April 2026. REVISED POSTING: See revision in bold in description below and in the revised attachment below, dated 18 March 2026. AMENDMENT 11: Closed - 2610 - Radio Frequency (RF) Spectrum Monitoring System (Added 04/20/2026) Due 04/27/2026 See attachment below. AMENDMENT 10: Closed - 2609 - Innovative Housing Enterprise Management Solutions (Added 04/08/2026) Due 05/12/2026 See attachment below. AMENDMENT 9: Closed - 2608 - BRAC Innovative Approaches, Technologies and Methodologies (Added 03/27/2026) Due 04/28/2026 Update: This amendment adds the Q&As v2. See Q&A v2 attachment below. Update: This amendment adds the Q&As v1. See Q&A v1 attachment below. See attachment below. AMENDMENT 8: Closed - 2607 - As-Built Building Information Modeling (BIM) Data Acquisition (Added 03/16/2026) Due 04/16/2026 Update: This amendment adds the Q&As. See Q&A attachment below. See attachment below. AMENDMENT 7: Closed - 2606 - AFCEC Enterprise-Wide Contracting Data Repository and Dashboard (Added 03/13/2026) Due 04/14/2026 Update: This amendment adds the Q&As v2. See Q&A v2 attachment below. Update: This amendment adds the Q&As. See Q&A attachment below. See attachment below. AMENDMENT 6: Closed - 2605 - Data Science Capability and Framework (Added 02/12/2026) Due 04/02/2026 Update: This amendment adds the Q&As making some changes on submission requirements and the due date has been extended to 02 April 2026, 5:00 P.M. CDT. See Q&A attachment below. See attachment below. AMENDMENT 5: Closed - 2604 - Unified Facility Criteria Design Kits (UDK) (Added 01/27/2026) Due 02/26/2026 See attachment below. AMENDMENT 4: Closed - 2603 - Base Oversight and Autonomous Response (BOAR) sUAS Framework (Added 01/22/2026) Due 02/22/2026 See attachment below. AMENDMENT 3: Closed - 2602 - AFCEC Business Systems Modernization IT (Added 01/21/2026) Due 03/10/2026 See attachment below. AMENDMENT 2: Closed - 2601 - Optimizing AFCEC CE IT Porfolio: Strengthening Systems for Global Operations (Added 10/1/2025) Due 11/1/2025 See attachment below. AMENDMENT 1: Open - 2501- Construction Cost and Schedule (Open) (Added 9/16/2025) The Government seeks an innovative solution to improve project outcomes by combining benchmarking with forward-looking market intelligence. The innovative solution shall emphasize optimizing total cost of ownership, differentiating discretionary versus mandatory requirements, and iterative investigation across all levels of a project, from macro design to micro equipment selection. The innovative solution shall incorporate data-driven insights to be framed by including a project delivery navigator that integrates structured and unstructured data, and the importance of considering external factors like commodity prices, local labor dynamics, and Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) market intelligence to predict and improve project performance, ultimately advocating for aggressive design challenges and industrialized production processes to achieve successful project delivery. INITIAL POSTING: Description The purpose of this CSO is to allow for competitive selection of innovative commercial items, technologies, and services to obtain solutions or new capabilities that fulfill requirements, close capability gaps, or provide potential technological advancements in meeting the AFIMSC’s Areas of Interest (AoI). The Air Force Installation and Mission Support Center (AFIMSC) is a vital engine for fostering innovation throughout the Air Force. It functions as a dynamic community,bringing together a diverse group of individuals from active duty, Air National Guard, Air Force Reserve, civilian service, and contractor roles. This broad mix of backgrounds and experiences is crucial for generating creative solutions the Air Force needs to meet evolving challenges. AFIMSC acts as a central connector, linking Airmen with the resources necessary to transform innovative ideas into reality. This includes securing funding for promising projects, forging connections with industry experts and companies who offer specialized knowledge and technologies, and providing expert guidance and mentorship to navigate the often complex path of development and implementation. A core element of AFIMSC's strategy is cultivating and facilitating agile engagements fostering collaboration with entities outside the traditional military structure. They embrace the principles of open innovation, understanding that valuable solutions can emerge from diverse sources. AFIMSC actively bridges the gap between the Air Force and the wider innovation ecosystem, engaging with established companies, startups, universities, research institutions, and even non-traditional contributors who may not have previously worked with the military. This "bottom-up" approach empowers Airmen at all levels to identify challenges and propose solutions, ensuring that innovation is driven from the ground up. Solutions presented gain valuable visibility within the Air Force and other government entities, potentially informing future contract solicitations, grants, and agreements. Successful solutions may be selected for prototyping, testing, demonstration, and eventual deployment. Ultimately, AFIMSC contributes to the growth and development of the non-traditional military business ecosystem, strengthening relationships between the Air Force and the private sector and driving the development of innovative solutions to critical Air Force challenges. In essence, AFIMSC is adriving force, helping the Air Force embrace innovation and adapt to a rapidly changing world. This CSO will utilize a solicitation process authorized by DFARS Subpart 212-70. Under this CSO, the Air Force will be allowed to competitively procure innovativecommercial items, technologies, and services. CSO procedures provide a streamlined acquisition process and simplified contract terms resulting in FAR-based contracts awarded under Part 12 Commercial Item Procedures or awards made with Other Transactions (OTs) under 10 USC 4022. Both traditional and non-traditional defense contractors may be awarded contracts under this CSO. Under a CSO Air Force contracting officers may competitively select proposals received in response to a general competitive solicitation, similar to a broad agency announcement, based on a review of proposals by scientific, technological, or othersubject matter experts.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michael Grasso
  - Email: michael.grasso.3@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3804578637
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Krystle M. Zapata
  - Email: krystle.zapata.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3804599768

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , dated 16 April 2026. REVISED POSTING: See revision in bold in description below and in the revised attachment below, dated 18 March 2026. AMENDMENT 11: Closed - 2610 - Radio Frequency (RF) Spectrum Monitoring System (Added 04/20/2026) Due 04/27/2026 See attachment below. AMENDMENT 10: Closed - 2609 - Innovative Housing Enterprise Management Solutions (Added 04/08/2026) Due 05/12/2026 See attachment below. AMENDMENT 9: Closed - 2608 - BRAC Innovative Approaches, Technologies and Methodologies (Added 03/27/2026) Due 04/28/2026 Update: This amendment adds the Q&As v2. See Q&A v2 attachment below. Update: This amendment adds the Q&As v1. See Q&A v1 attachment below. See attachment below. AMENDMENT 8: Closed - 2607 - As-Built Building Information Modeling (BIM) Data Acquisition (Added 03/16/2026) Due 04/16/2026 Update: This amendment adds the Q&As. See Q&A attachment below. See attachment below. AMENDMENT 7: Closed - 2606 - AFCEC Enterprise-Wide Contracting Data Repository and Dashboard (Added 03/13/2026) Due 04/14/2026 Update: This amendment adds the Q&As v2. See Q&A v2 attachment below. Update: This amendment adds the Q&As. See Q&A attachment below. See attachment below. AMENDMENT 6: Closed - 2605 - Data Science Capability and Framework (Added 02/12/2026) Due 04/02/2026 Update: This amendment adds the Q&As making some changes on submission requirements and the due date has been extended to 02 April 2026, 5:00 P.M. CDT. See Q&A attachment below. See attachment below. AMENDMENT 5: Closed - 2604 - Unified Facility Criteria Design Kits (UDK) (Added 01/27/2026) Due 02/26/2026 See attachment below. AMENDMENT 4: Closed - 2603 - Base Oversight and Autonomous Response (BOAR) sUAS Framework (Added 01/22/2026) Due 02/22/2026 See attachment below. AMENDMENT 3: Closed - 2602 - AFCEC Business Systems Modernization IT (Added 01/21/2026) Due 03/10/2026 See attachment below. AMENDMENT 2: Closed - 2601 - Optimizing AFCEC CE IT Porfolio: Strengthening Systems for Global Operations (Added 10/1/2025) Due 11/1/2025 See attachment below. AMENDMENT 1: Open - 2501- Construction Cost and Schedule (Open) (Added 9/16/2025) The Government seeks an innovative solution to improve project outcomes by combining benchmarking with forward-looking market intelligence. The innovative solution shall emphasize optimizing total cost of ownership, differentiating discretionary versus mandatory requirements, and iterative investigation across all levels of a project, from macro design to micro equipment selection. The innovative solution shall incorporate data-driven insights to be framed by including a project delivery navigator that integrates structured and unstructured data, and the importance of considering external factors like commodity prices, local labor dynamics, and Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) market intelligence to predict and improve project performance, ultimately advocating for aggressive design challenges and industrialized production processes to achieve successful project delivery. INITIAL POSTING: Description The purpose of this CSO is to allow for competitive selection of innovative commercial items, technologies, and services to obtain solutions or new capabilities that fulfill requirements, close capability gaps, or provide potential technological advancements in meeting the AFIMSC’s Areas of Interest (AoI). The Air Force Installation and Mission Support Center (AFIMSC) is a vital engine for fostering innovation throughout the Air Force. It functions as a dynamic community,bringing together a diverse group of individuals from active duty, Air National Guard, Air Force Reserve, civilian service, and contractor roles. This broad mix of backgrounds and experiences is crucial for generating creative solutions the Air Force needs to meet evolving challenges. AFIMSC acts as a central connector, linking Airmen with the resources necessary to transform innovative ideas into reality. This includes securing funding for promising projects, forging connections with industry experts and companies who offer specialized knowledge and technologies, and providing expert guidance and mentorship to navigate the often complex path of development and implementation. A core element of AFIMSC"s strategy is cultivating and facilitating agile engagements fostering collaboration with entities outside the traditional military structure. They embrace the principles of open innovation, understanding that valuable solutions can emerge from diverse sources. AFIMSC actively bridges the gap between the Air Force and the wider innovation ecosystem, engaging with established companies, startups, universities, research institutions, and even non-traditional contributors who may not have previously worked with the military. This "bottom-up" approach empowers Airmen at all levels to identify challenges and propose solutions, ensuring that innovation is driven from the ground up. Solutions presented gain valuable visibility within the Air Force and other government entities, potentially informing future contract solicitations, grants, and agreements. Successful solutions may be selected for prototyping, testing, demonstration, and eventual deployment. Ultimately, AFIMSC contributes to the growth and development of the non-traditional military business ecosystem, strengthening relationships between the Air Force and the private sector and driving the development of innovative solutions to critical Air Force challenges. In essence, AFIMSC is adriving force, helping the Air Force embrace innovation and adapt to a rapidly changing world. This CSO will utilize a solicitation process authorized by DFARS Subpart 212-70. Under this CSO, the Air Force will be allowed to competitively procure innovativecommercial items, technologies, and services. CSO procedures provide a streamlined acquisition process and simplified contract terms resulting in FAR-based contracts awarded under Part 12 Commercial Item Procedures or awards made with Other Transactions (OTs) under 10 USC 4022. Both traditional and non-traditional defense contractors may be awarded contracts under this CSO. Under a CSO Air Force contracting officers may competitively select proposals received in response to a general competitive solicitation, similar to a broad agency announcement, based on a review of proposals by scientific, technological, or othersubject matter experts

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/37d299adee36430384351b2237497fbc/view)