---
layout: default
title: BELL CRANK
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 304a9a7a6dc04f75bf3bbc129302c011
---

# BELL CRANK

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 06:52:27.688-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QFB71

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N743.25|WVE|771-229-1462|jordan.d.neely2.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| MARKINGS LEVEL I/SUBSAFE/DSS-SOC/TRIPER|5|||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|See specifications Section C and Section E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|X||X|||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|A| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications; COMBO - Receiving Report & Invoice - Material |N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|N39040 - Certifications, S4306A - Material.|N50286|TBD|133.2|N/A|N/A|N39040 - Certifications.|N/A |N/A|See form DD1423|PORT_PTNH_WAWF_NOTIFICATION@NAVY.MIL (L1) JORDAN.D.NEELY2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|One year from date of delivery.|One year from date of delivery.||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|4||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| COST ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOTICES AND CERTIFICATION (DEV 2026-O0006)(FEB 2026)|1|| INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS -- COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION (NOV 2021)|2||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2|X|| DRAWINGS NEED TO BE UPLOADED. ONCE UPLOADED, ANOTHER AMENDMENT WILL PROCESS. \ DD1423 Data Item A001 may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. Submission of Certification Data CDRLs will be on or before 20 days prior to scheduled delivery. PNSY review/acceptance of Certification CDRLs 6 working days after receipt of Certification DD 1423 CDRLs. Final delivery of material will be on or before 365 days after effective date of the resulting contract. Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be "DX" rated order certified for national defense use under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). If drawings are included in the solicitation, access needs to be requested on the individual solicitation page on Contracts Opportunities on the Government's beta. SAM website. After requesting access, send an email to the Primary POC listed on the solicitation. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. 2.2.2 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.2.3 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=6402626 |53711| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6402626A01 |53711| A|DN |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-286 | | |G |001207|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2132 | | |D |080310|F| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Bell Crank must be in accordance with Naval Sea Systems Command drawing 751-6402626 and DN6402626A1, Find 1, except as amplified or modified herein.; 3.2 ;No weld repair is allowed on QQ-N-286 material.; 3.3 Material for Parts Requiring Certification - Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis is required for the parts listed below unless specifically stated otherwise: Part - ;Bell Crank; Material - ;QQ-N-286, annealed (hot finished or cold drawn) and age hardened, finish A or B; 3.4 Testing Certification - Certifications are required for the following tests on the items listed below. Additional testing on other piece parts (if any) per applicable drawings and specifications is still required, but certifications are only required as listed below. Attribute - Annealing and Age Hardening Item - ;Bell Crank; Performance - QQ-N-286 Test - Ultrasonic Inspection on Starting Material Item - ;All Items requiring certification made from QQ-N-286 with a diameter or minimum distance between parallel surfaces of 4 inches or greater of the starting material, or when required by a drawing or specification invoked elsewhere in this contract; Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 or MIL-STD-2132, and QQ-N-286 Acceptance - QQ-N-286 3.5 Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test Laboratories - The Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test of QQ-N-286 must be performed by one of the following laboratories: Huntington Alloys, a Special Metals Company Attn: Bill Bolenr 3200 Riverside Drive Huntington, WV 257059 Phone: (304) 526-5889 FAX: (304) 526-5973 Metallurgical Consultants, Inc. Attn: W. M. Buehler 4820 Caroline PO Box 88046 Houston, TX 77288-0046 Phone: (713) 526-6351 FAX: (713) 526-2964 Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division Attn: Eric Focht Code 614 9500 Macarthur Blvd West Bethesda, MD 20817-5700 Phone: (301) 227-5032 FAX: (301) 227-5576 Teledyne Allvac Attn: Dr. W. D. Cao 2020 Ashcraft Ave. Monroe, NC 28110 Phone: (704) 289-4511 FAX: (704) 289-4269 Westmoreland Mechanical Testing and Research Inc. Attn: Andrew Wisniewski P.O. Box 388 Youngstown, PA 15696-0388 Mannesmann Rohrenwerke Mannesmann Forschungsinstitut (MFI) Attn: Dr. Weiss Postfach 251160 47251 Duisburg Germany Phone: 011-49-0203-9993194 FAX: 011-49-0203-9994415 ThyssenKrupp VDM USA, Inc. Attn: D. C. Agarwal 11210 Steeplecrest Drive, Suite 120 Houston, TX 77065-4939 Phone: (281) 955-6683 3.6 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. 3.7 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.7.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.7.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.7.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change. 3.8 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. 3.9 NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010 - Any applicable requirements of NAVSHIPS 4410.17,NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010, or 0948-045-7010 which the contractor must meet are included in this contract/purchase order. The above documents are for GovernmentUse Only. Further application of the above documents is prohibited.prohibited. 3.9.1 Marking of material with a Material Designator per the Drawing is also prohibited, with the exception of Fasteners. Fasteners must be marked with a Material Symbol/Designator as specified elsewhere in this contract. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^ 3.10 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Test Certification) - A statement of tests performed, listing the pieces tested must be furnished along with a copy of the test results. Certification must include the contractor's name, address and date, quantity inspected, identified to the contract/purchase order and item number, and the Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature. Test certifications must reference the standard/specification, including the revision, to which the testing was performed and the acceptance criteria used. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. Test reports on weldments must be identified to weld joint and layer. 3.11 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-4 3.11.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/nonacceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.11.2 The Contractor's quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.11.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of Level I/SUBSAFE (LI/SS) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.11.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.11.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require re-submittal to the PCO and concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption. 3.12 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. Inspection records must be traceable to the material inspected. 3.12.1 The supplier's gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.12.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative. 3.13 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately." 3.13.1 The prime contractor's program must include procedures to assess the capability of the prospective suppliers to produce the products or supply the services in accordance with the contract, prior to the issuance of any purchase document. 3.13.2 Each sub-tier supplier of material or services for items in Section 3 of this contract must be subjected to a periodic review or audit by the Prime to determine the continued capability of the supplier to control the quality of the products or services specified in the purchase order or contract. 3.13.3 The prime contractor must ensure that the purchased product conformsto specified purchase requirements and this contract. The type and extent of control applied to the supplier and the purchased product must be dependent upon the effect of the purchased product on the end item represented by this contract. 3.13.4 The prime contractor must evaluate the requirements of the contractand select suppliers based on their ability to supply the product in accordance with the prime contractor's requirements and the contract. Criteria for selection and evaluation must be established. Records of this effort must be available for review by the government. 3.13.5 The prime contractor's supplier quality assurance program must provide for a review of purchase documents to assure applicable quality requirements are included or referenced in the documentation for compliance by the supplier. 3.14 Government Furnished Material and/or Equipment (GFM/GFE) - When material or equipment is furnished by the Government, the Contractor must develop documented control procedures that require at least the following: 3.14.1 Visual examination upon receipt to detect damage during transit. 3.14.2 Inspection for completeness and proper type. 3.14.3 Verification of material quality received. 3.14.4 Periodic inspection and precautions to assure adequate storage conditions and to guard against damage from handling and deterioration during storage. 3.14.5 Functional testing, either prior to or after installation, or both, as required by the Contract to determine satisfactory operation. 3.14.6 Identification and protection from improper use or disposition. 3.14.7 Reporting to the Government, any GFM or GFE property found damaged, malfunctioning, or otherwise unsuitable for use. In the event of damage or malfunction during or after installation, the supplier must determine and record probable cause and necessity for withholding the material from use. 3.14.8 For GFE material, and as required by the terms of the bailment agreement, the supplier must establish procedures for adequate storage, maintenance, and inspection of bailed Government material. Records of all inspection and maintenance performed on bailed property must be maintained. 3.14.9 Material returned to the contractor must be handled as GFM. 3.15 Traceability and Certification Requirements - To assure that correct materials are installed in Level I/SUBSAFE systems, it is imperative that traceability be maintained from the material to the material certification test report and other required Objective Quality Evidence (OQE). The material certification report must completely and accurately reflect that the material supplied meets the specified requirements. Materials requiring Traceability and Certification Data are identified within Paragraph 3, Section C of this contract/purchase order. 3.15.1 The following provides the minimum requirements for maintaining material traceability and supplements the requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020 and elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. The Contractor must develop written procedures that implement the material control requirements stated herein and elsewhere in this Contract/Purchase Order. 3.16 Material Traceability - The certification data report must be identified through a unique traceability number, heat-lot number, or heat-treat number, as applicable, which must also be marked on the material. This traceability marking on the material must provide direct traceability to the material's chemical composition and mechanical properties certification data. For material produced by batch, continuous cast, or continuous pour processes, samples must be taken no less than once in every eight hours of operation for the purpose of validating proper chemical composition and mechanical properties. Traceability must be maintained through all process operations including any subcontracted operations, to the finished component. 3.16.1 Material Marking for Traceability and Identification - The following are the minimum marking requirements. Additional/alternate marking requirements, if applicable, will be specified elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. In addition to the marking requirements on applicable drawings and/or specifications, marking for traceability is required. All traceability markings must be permanently applied in accordance with MIL-STD-792 (except as specified below). An alternate marking method is permissible provided it is an available option in the contractually invoked specification or drawing, except in instances where the material has been modified by this contract/purchase order and differs from that specified in the specification or drawing. 3.16.2 Traceability markings for items with precision machined or plated surfaces, or material with suitable marking surface areas less than 3/8 inches square (either 3/8" x 3/8" or an area equal to 0.1406 inches square) must be applied to a durable tag and the tag securely affixed to the material. 3.16.3 Marking must be legible and must be located so as to not affect the form, fit, and function of the material. ;Marking area to be as shown on drawing.; 3.17 See CDRL DI-MISC-81020 (Chemical and Mechanical) - Material Certification - In addition to the certification data requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020, the following material certification requirements apply: 3.17.1 Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis of material traceable to traceability markings is required. Material certification test reports must include the class, form, condition, grade, type, finish, and/or composition, as applicable, of the material supplied. 3.17.2 Re-identification and re-certification of material is required when the material is subjected to a process which alters it's properties. If the starting material or raw stock is processed in a manner that will not affect its chemical composition or mechanical properties, the original certifications for the chemical composition and mechanical properties, as required by the material specification, are acceptable. Re-certification of the chemical or mechanical properties is required if a process is used during fabrication that alters the original properties of the material (e.g. alloying, heat treating, or forming). In these instances, the properties of the material must be re-determined and documented to reflect the altered condition. The altered material must be uniquely re-identified with a new traceability number. The properties thus determined and documented, are required for final certification and must conform to the material specification or the contract/purchase order requirements. When only the mechanical properties are altered, the original certification forchemical composition must be overstamped and annotated with the unique traceability marking used with the altered material and at a minimum contain the information below. 3.17.3 Material certification data forwarded by the manufacturer must contain a signed certification that the report results represent the actual attributes of the material furnished and indicate full compliance with all applicable specification and contract requirements. Transcription of certification data is prohibited. 3.17.4 ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES. 3.17.5 Electronic signatures on Level I certification documents are consideredequivalent to handwritten signatures. 3.17.6 Suppliers that use electronic signatures to authenticate company certifications and reports must ensure that process is controlled and unique to the individual signing the document. The signer must take a distinct action to electronically sign the document 3.17.7 Suppliers must develop one method of authentication to be provided at the time of signature. The authentication method must be based on something known only to the signer (e.g., a password) or based on something only the signer possesses (e.g., a card or other device). 3.17.8 Electronic signature applications must not allow unauthorized users tochange electronically signed documents or records. All changes to electronically signed documents or records made by authorized users must be revision- or date-controlled, must identify the person making the change, and must clearly reflect that the document or record has been revised. 3.17.9 The prime contractor, as a minimum, must flow down the electronic signature requirements to their sub-tier suppliers and sub-contractors that provide electronically signed company certifications and reports to ensure that they have a procedure to control and identify unique processes for only allowing authorized individuals to sign documents. 3.17.10 Statements on material certification documents must be positive and unqualified. Disclaimers such as "to the best of our knowledge" or "we believe the information contained herein is true" are not acceptable. 3.17.11 If material is received without the required certification papers or with incorrect/missing data on the certification papers, the material will be rejected. 3.17.12 Revisions of OQE must be provided by the originating organization and must include a description of the data modified along with the proper signature requirements herein. 3.17.13 In cases of foreign certification, conversion of foreign language unitsof measure and properties measured into U.S. units of measure must be annotated on the furnished foreign certifications, if space permits, or placed on an addendum in the same format as the foreign certification data. Such conversion must be identified as to origin with name, title, and signature of the authorized representative of the company making the conversion. 3.17.14 The certification data requirements contained in this appendix must beinvoked on the prime contractor who must delegate these requirements to all sub-tier contractors supplying Level I material. 3.18 Material Handling - The written material control process must include the following: 3.18.1 All raw materials must have traceability markings (except as specified below). 3.18.2 Stored raw materials requiring traceability must be segregated to preclude intermingling with materials not requiring traceability. 3.18.3 When traceability markings will be removed by a manufacturing or fabrication process, the marking must be recorded prior to removal and be immediately restored upon completion of the process. If this cannot be done or is impractical, an appropriate material control procedure (such as a bag and tag, tagging, and/or tote box control) must be employed. The material control procedure must provide a method of positive control to preclude commingling of heats/lots or loss of traceability. The traceability marking must be reapplied upon completion of the final manufacturing process. 3.18.4 Brazing or weld filler metals for strength welds forming or integral with pressure containing components or assemblies requiring traceability must be verified to be the correct material, and type or grade, as applicable, prior to consumption. At a minimum, material verification must consist of inspection of material test reports for conformance to specified requirements. Control of welding and brazing filler metals must be maintained to the point of consumption to assure use of the correct type and grade. Markings and traceability requirements do not apply to brazing and weld filler metals after consumption. It is the responsibility of the prime contractor to ensure conformance with the above requirements on welds performed by their subcontractors. 3.18.5 Purchase orders for raw material must specify that the material be traceable to material certification test reports by traceability markings on the material and identified on the test reports. The certification data requirements contained in DI-MISC-81020 must be invoked by the prime contractor on all subcontractors supplying Level I material. 3.18.6 The material control process must include requirements for the maintenance of traceability for items sent out for subcontracted operations. If such operations would remove traceability markings, purchase or work orders must specify a method and marking location for remarking. The contractor must also ensure that subcontractor production controls are adequate to preclude commingling of materials during processing. 3.19 Receiving inspection - 3.19.1 Products and services produced by sub-tier suppliers for incorporation in the contract end item must be subject to inspection or audit at the time of receipt by the prime prior to further processing within the prime contractor's plant or shipment to another location. 3.19.2 Receiving Inspection must include as a minimum - Verification that the traceability marking on the material agrees with that on the certification test reports. Verification that certification test reports are legible and complete. Verification that the contents of the certification test reports are in compliance with the contractually invoked specifications and requirements. 3.20 Discrepancy reporting - 3.20.1 Nonconforming products from sub-tier suppliers must be identified and processed in accordance with the prime contractor's procedures for controlling nonconforming products. The prime contractor must report the receipt of any nonconforming products to the responsible sub-tier supplier in accordance with established procedures. Nonconforming material records must be maintained and available for review by the government Quality Assurance Representative (QAR). 3.21 Final Inspection - The following inspections must be performed prior to Government inspection and acceptance. 3.21.1 Material Sampling - Material must be inspected for form, fit, and function. Lot acceptance must be based on zero defects and lot rejection based on one defect. The sample size must be in accordance with the sampling plan(s) in the applicable military specification or standard, federal specification or standard, or drawing to which the material was manufactured. In the absence of such sampling plans, sampling inspection must be per ANSI/ASQ-Z1.4, general inspection level II (for sample size selection code), table IIA (for sample size). SMALL LOT SIZES - Fo...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176058197
  - Email: JORDAN.D.NEELY2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=6402626 |53711| A| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6402626A01 |53711| A|DN |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-286 | | |G |001207|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2132 | | |D |080310|F| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Bell Crank must be in accordance with Naval Sea Systems Command drawing 751-6402626 and DN6402626A1, Find 1, except as amplified or modified herein.; 3.2 ;No weld repair is allowed on QQ-N-286 material.; 3.3 Material for Parts Requiring Certification - Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis is required for the parts listed below unless specifically stated otherwise: Part - ;Bell Crank; Material - ;QQ-N-286, annealed (hot finished or cold drawn) and age hardened, finish A or B; 3.4 Testing Certification - Certifications are required for the following tests on the items listed below. Additional testing on other piece parts (if any) per applicable drawings and specifications is still required, but certifications are only required as listed below. Attribute - Annealing and Age Hardening Item - ;Bell Crank; Performance - QQ-N-286 Test - Ultrasonic Inspection on Starting Material Item - ;All Items requiring certification made from QQ-N-286 with a diameter or minimum distance between parallel surfaces of 4 inches or greater of the starting material, or when required by a drawing or specification invoked elsewhere in this contract; Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 or MIL-STD-2132, and QQ-N-286 Acceptance - QQ-N-286 3.5 Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test Laboratories - The Slow Strain Rate Tensile Test of QQ-N-286 must be performed by one of the following laboratories: Huntington Alloys, a Special Metals Company Attn: Bill Bolenr 3200 Riverside Drive Huntington, WV 257059 Phone: (304) 526-5889 FAX: (304) 526-5973 Metallurgical Consultants, Inc. Attn: W. M. Buehler 4820 Caroline PO Box 88046 Houston, TX 77288-0046 Phone: (713) 526-6351 FAX: (713) 526-2964 Naval Surface Warfare Center, Carderock Division Attn: Eric Focht Code 614 9500 Macarthur Blvd West Bethesda, MD 20817-5700 Phone: (301) 227-5032 FAX: (301) 227-5576 Teledyne Allvac Attn: Dr. W. D. Cao 2020 Ashcraft Ave. Monroe, NC 28110 Phone: (704) 289-4511 FAX: (704) 289-4269 Westmoreland Mechanical Testing and Research Inc. Attn: Andrew Wisniewski P.O. Box 388 Youngstown, PA 15696-0388 Mannesmann Rohrenwerke Mannesmann Forschungsinstitut (MFI) Attn: Dr. Weiss Postfach 251160 47251 Duisburg Germany Phone: 011-49-0203-9993194 FAX: 011-49-0203-9994415 ThyssenKrupp VDM USA, Inc. Attn: D. C. Agarwal 11210 Steeplecrest Drive, Suite 120 Houston, TX 77065-4939 Phone: (281) 955-6683 3.6 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. 3.7 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.7.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.7.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.7.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change. 3.8 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. 3.9 NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010 - Any applicable requirements of NAVSHIPS 4410.17,NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010, or 0948-045-7010 which the contractor must meet are included in this contract/purchase order. The above documents are for GovernmentUse Only. Further application of the above documents is prohibited.prohibited. 3.9.1 Marking of material with a Material Designator per the Drawing is also prohibited, with the exception of Fasteners. Fasteners must be marked with a Material Symbol/Designator as specified elsewhere in this contract. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^ 3.10 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Test Certification) - A statement of tests performed, listing the pieces tested must be furnished along with a copy of the test results. Certification must include the contractor"s name, address and date, quantity inspected, identified to the contract/purchase order and item number, and the Contractor"s or authorized personnel"s signature. Test certifications must reference the standard/specification, including the revision, to which the testing was performed and the acceptance criteria used. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. Test reports on weldments must be identified to weld joint and layer. 3.11 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-4 3.11.1 The Contractor"s quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/nonacceptance by the Government representative to determine the system"s effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.11.2 The Contractor"s quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.11.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of Level I/SUBSAFE (LI/SS) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.11.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.11.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require re-submittal to the PCO and concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption. 3.12 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. Inspection records must be traceable to the material inspected. 3.12.1 The supplier"s gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier"s personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.12.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative. 3.13 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor"s facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor"s facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately." 3.13.1 The prime contractor"s program must include procedures to assess the capability of the prospective suppliers to produce the products or supply the services in accordance with the contract, prior to the issuance of any purchase document. 3.13.2 Each sub-tier supplier of material or services for items in Section 3 of this contract must be subjected to a periodic review or audit by the Prime to determine the continued capability of the supplier to control the quality of the products or services specified in the purchase order or contract. 3.13.3 The prime contractor must ensure that the purchased product conformsto specified purchase requirements and this contract. The type and extent of control applied to the supplier and the purchased product must be dependent upon the effect of the purchased product on the end item represented by this contract. 3.13.4 The prime contractor must evaluate the requirements of the contractand select suppliers based on their ability to supply the product in accordance with the prime contractor"s requirements and the contract. Criteria for selection and evaluation must be established. Records of this effort must be available for review by the government. 3.13.5 The prime contractor"s supplier quality assurance program must provide for a review of purchase documents to assure applicable quality requirements are included or referenced in the documentation for compliance by the supplier. 3.14 Government Furnished Material and/or Equipment (GFM/GFE) - When material or equipment is furnished by the Government, the Contractor must develop documented control procedures that require at least the following: 3.14.1 Visual examination upon receipt to detect damage during transit. 3.14.2 Inspection for completeness and proper type. 3.14.3 Verification of material quality received. 3.14.4 Periodic inspection and precautions to assure adequate storage conditions and to guard against damage from handling and deterioration during storage. 3.14.5 Functional testing, either prior to or after installation, or both, as required by the Contract to determine satisfactory operation. 3.14.6 Identification and protection from improper use or disposition. 3.14.7 Reporting to the Government, any GFM or GFE property found damaged, malfunctioning, or otherwise unsuitable for use. In the event of damage or malfunction during or after installation, the supplier must determine and record probable cause and necessity for withholding the material from use. 3.14.8 For GFE material, and as required by the terms of the bailment agreement, the supplier must establish procedures for adequate storage, maintenance, and inspection of bailed Government material. Records of all inspection and maintenance performed on bailed property must be maintained. 3.14.9 Material returned to the contractor must be handled as GFM. 3.15 Traceability and Certification Requirements - To assure that correct materials are installed in Level I/SUBSAFE systems, it is imperative that traceability be maintained from the material to the material certification test report and other required Objective Quality Evidence (OQE). The material certification report must completely and accurately reflect that the material supplied meets the specified requirements. Materials requiring Traceability and Certification Data are identified within Paragraph 3, Section C of this contract/purchase order. 3.15.1 The following provides the minimum requirements for maintaining material traceability and supplements the requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020 and elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. The Contractor must develop written procedures that implement the material control requirements stated herein and elsewhere in this Contract/Purchase Order. 3.16 Material Traceability - The certification data report must be identified through a unique traceability number, heat-lot number, or heat-treat number, as applicable, which must also be marked on the material. This traceability marking on the material must provide direct traceability to the material"s chemical composition and mechanical properties certification data. For material produced by batch, continuous cast, or continuous pour processes, samples must be taken no less than once in every eight hours of operation for the purpose of validating proper chemical composition and mechanical properties. Traceability must be maintained through all process operations including any subcontracted operations, to the finished component. 3.16.1 Material Marking for Traceability and Identification - The following are the minimum marking requirements. Additional/alternate marking requirements, if applicable, will be specified elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. In addition to the marking requirements on applicable drawings and/or specifications, marking for traceability is required. All traceability markings must be permanently applied in accordance with MIL-STD-792 (except as specified below). An alternate marking method is permissible provided it is an available option in the contractually invoked specification or drawing, except in instances where the material has been modified by this contract/purchase order and differs from that specified in the specification or drawing. 3.16.2 Traceability markings for items with precision machined or plated surfaces, or material with suitable marking surface areas less than 3/8 inches square (either 3/8" x 3/8" or an area equal to 0.1406 inches square) must be applied to a durable tag and the tag securely affixed to the material. 3.16.3 Marking must be legible and must be located so as to not affect the form, fit, and function of the material. ;Marking area to be as shown on drawing.; 3.17 See CDRL DI-MISC-81020 (Chemical and Mechanical) - Material Certification - In addition to the certification data requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020, the following material certification requirements apply: 3.17.1 Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis of material traceable to traceability markings is required. Material certification test reports must include the class, form, condition, grade, type, finish, and/or composition, as applicable, of the material supplied. 3.17.2 Re-identification and re-certification of material is required when the material is subjected to a process which alters it"s properties. If the starting material or raw stock is processed in a manner that will not affect its chemical composition or mechanical properties, the original certifications for the chemical composition and mechanical properties, as required by the material specification, are acceptable. Re-certification of the chemical or mechanical properties is required if a process is used during fabrication that alters the original properties of the material (e.g. alloying, heat treating, or forming). In these instances, the properties of the material must be re-determined and documented to reflect the altered condition. The altered material must be uniquely re-identified with a new traceability number. The properties thus determined and documented, are required for final certification and must conform to the material specification or the contract/purchase order requirements. When only the mechanical properties are altered, the original certification forchemical composition must be overstamped and annotated with the unique traceability marking used with the altered material and at a minimum contain the information below. 3.17.3 Material certification data forwarded by the manufacturer must contain a signed certification that the report results represent the actual attributes of the material furnished and indicate full compliance with all applicable specification and contract requirements. Transcription of certification data is prohibited. 3.17.4 ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES. 3.17.5 Electronic signatures on Level I certification documents are consideredequivalent to handwritten signatures. 3.17.6 Suppliers that use electronic signatures to authenticate company certifications and reports must ensure that process is controlled and unique to the individual signing the document. The signer must take a distinct action to electronically sign the document 3.17.7 Suppliers must develop one method of authentication to be provided at the time of signature. The authentication method must be based on something known only to the signer (e.g., a password) or based on something only the signer possesses (e.g., a card or other device). 3.17.8 Electronic signature applications must not allow unauthorized users tochange electronically signed documents or records. All changes to electronically signed documents or records made by authorized users must be revision- or date-controlled, must identify the person making the change, and must clearly reflect that the document or record has been revised. 3.17.9 The prime contractor, as a minimum, must flow down the electronic signature requirements to their sub-tier suppliers and sub-contractors that provide electronically signed company certifications and reports to ensure that they have a procedure to control and identify unique processes for only allowing authorized individuals to sign documents. 3.17.10 Statements on material certification documents must be positive and unqualified. Disclaimers such as "to the best of our knowledge" or "we believe the information contained herein is true" are not acceptable. 3.17.11 If material is received without the required certification papers or with incorrect/missing data on the certification papers, the material will be rejected. 3.17.12 Revisions of OQE must be provided by the originating organization and must include a description of the data modified along with the proper signature requirements herein. 3.17.13 In cases of foreign certification, conversion of foreign language unitsof measure and properties measured into U.S. units of measure must be annotated on the furnished foreign certifications, if space permits, or placed on an addendum in the same format as the foreign certification data. Such conversion must be identified as to origin with name, title, and signature of the authorized representative of the company making the conversion. 3.17.14 The certification data requirements contained in this appendix must beinvoked on the prime contractor who must delegate these requirements to all sub-tier contractors supplying Level I material. 3.18 Material Handling - The written material control process must include the following: 3.18.1 All raw materials must have traceability markings (except as specified below). 3.18.2 Stored raw materials requiring traceability must be segregated to preclude intermingling with materials not requiring traceability. 3.18.3 When traceability markings will be removed by a manufacturing or fabrication process, the marking must be recorded prior to removal and be immediately restored upon completion of the process. If this cannot be done or is impractical, an appropriate material control procedure (such as a bag and tag, tagging, and/or tote box control) must be employed. The material control procedure must provide a method of positive control to preclude commingling of heats/lots or loss of traceability. The traceability marking must be reapplied upon completion of the final manufacturing process. 3.18.4 Brazing or weld filler metals for strength welds forming or integral with pressure containing components or assemblies requiring traceability must be verified to be the correct material, and type or grade, as applicable, prior to consumption. At a minimum, material verification must consist of inspection of material test reports for conformance to specified requirements. Control of welding and brazing filler metals must be maintained to the point of consumption to assure use of the correct type and grade. Markings and traceability requirements do not apply to brazing and weld filler metals after consumption. It is the responsibility of the prime contractor to ensure conformance with the above requirements on welds performed by their subcontractors. 3.18.5 Purchase orders for raw material must specify that the material be traceable to material certification test reports by traceability markings on the material and identified on the test reports. The certification data requirements contained in DI-MISC-81020 must be invoked by the prime contractor on all subcontractors supplying Level I material. 3.18.6 The material control process must include requirements for the maintenance of traceability for items sent out for subcontracted operations. If such operations would remove traceability markings, purchase or work orders must specify a method and marking location for remarking. The contractor must also ensure that subcontractor production controls are adequate to preclude commingling of materials during processing. 3.19 Receiving inspection - 3.19.1 Products and services produced by sub-tier suppliers for incorporation in the contract end item must be subject to inspection or audit at the time of receipt by the prime prior to further processing within the prime contractor"s plant or shipment to another location. 3.19.2 Receiving Inspection must include as a minimum - Verification that the traceability marking on the material agrees with that on the certification test reports. Verification that certification test reports are legible and complete. Verification that the contents of the certification test reports are in compliance with the contractually invoked specifications and requirements. 3.20 Discrepancy reporting - 3.20.1 Nonconforming products from sub-tier suppliers must be identified and processed in accordance with the prime contractor"s procedures for controlling nonconforming products. The prime contractor must report the receipt of any nonconforming products to the responsible sub-tier supplier in accordance with established procedures. Nonconforming material records must be maintained and available for review by the government Quality Assurance Representative (QAR). 3.21 Final Inspection - The following inspections must be performed prior to Government inspection and acceptance. 3.21.1 Material Sampling - Material must be inspected for form, fit, and function. Lot acceptance must be based on zero defects and lot rejection based on one defect. The sample size must be in accordance with the sampling plan(s) in the applicable military specification or standard, federal specification or standard, or drawing to which the material was manufactured. In the absence of such sampling plans, sampling inspection must be per ANSI/ASQ-Z1.4, general inspection level II (for sample size selection code), table IIA (for sample size). SMALL LOT SIZES - Fo

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/304a9a7a6dc04f75bf3bbc129302c011/view