---
layout: default
title: J059--Siemens Apogee/HVACR Maintenance and Operation Services- Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: c2fe50ce78a54621bc97c10bf70a4821
---

# J059--Siemens Apogee/HVACR Maintenance and Operation Services- Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 11:11:06.257-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0233
- Awardee: null

## Summary

E.2 ADDENDUM to FAR 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES 1. Definitions: a. Offeror means a contractor that submits a response (i.e. quotation) to the government s Request for Quotation (RFQ). b. Offer means a quotation (to include documentation in support of the evaluation criteria listed in section E.6) submitted in response to the Government s Request for Quotation (RFQ). 2. General: a. All times listed in these instructions are in Pacific Standard Time (PT). b. This acquisition is a Total SDVOSB Set-Aside. c. Wage Determination WD 2015-5613 Revision 31 is applicable to this RFQ. d. Responses will be evaluated for technical capability, past performance, and price in accordance with FAR Clause 52.212-2. To provide full consideration of qualifications for contract award, offerors are encouraged to ensure that the information furnished in support of the technical response is factual, accurate and complete. The Government reserves the right to verify any information provided for evaluation purposes. e. The Government intends to evaluate quotes and award a firm fixed price contract without discussions with offerors. Therefore, the offeror s initial quote should contain the offeror s best terms from a cost or price and technical standpoint. 3. Technical Questions: There will be no inquiries accepted for this extension period. 4. Submission of Response: a. Submit your RFQ response electronically by email to: jennell.christofaro@va.gov, no later than 12:00 pm PST, March 12, 2026. Responses received after response date will not be accepted or evaluated. b. To be considered responsive contractor must: 1. Submit offers in two (2) separate parts, as follows: Priced Response must include: Signed Standard Form (SF) 1449, Completed Section B.1 (must contain UEI, the name and address of the organization submitting the offer and point(s) of contact to include e-mail address and phone number); acknowledgement of all amendments. Completed Section B.4 Price/Cost Schedule Contractor to provide detailed quote with pricing. Completed FAR 52.212-3 OFFEROR REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (In Section E as Applicable). Completed VAAR 852.219-75 VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting Certificate of Compliance for Services and Construction (Jan 2023) (DEVIATION). Non-Priced Response must include: It shall address the special standards listed in Section E.6 of this solicitation. 2. Offerors must be: a. Registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) (https://www.sam.gov/SAM/) b. Verified in SBA Small Business Search as a certified SDVOSB under NAICS 561210 (https://search.certifications.sba.gov) when offer is submitted and at the time of contract award. Offers from unverified firms will be considered non-responsive and ineligible for award. System updates may lag policy updates. The System for Award Management (SAM) may continue to require entities to complete representations based on provisions that are not included in agency solicitations. Examples include 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance, and paragraph (d) of 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Contracting officers will not consider these representations when making award decisions or enforce requirements. Entities are not required to, nor are they able to, update their entity registration to remove these representations in SAM. Provisions that are incorporated by reference (by Citation Number, Title, and Date), have the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. E.6 ADDENDUM 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (NOV 2021) Basis for Award. This procurement is being conducted pursuant to FAR Part 13 procedures. The Government intends to award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer, conforming to the solicitation, offers the best value, whose offered price does not exceed the amount of funding available for the procurement, and whose offered price is found to be fair and reasonable. In addition to the general standards of responsibility found at FAR § 9.104-1, in accordance with FAR § 9.104-2, the special standards of responsibility described below apply to this procurement. Offerors who fail to meet any special standard of responsibility will not be eligible to receive contract award. Special Standards of Responsibility: The following special standards of responsibility apply to this procurement and shall be submitted with offer: SP1: Remote Access Verification: Offeror must show verifiable evidence they have a remote access connection to the Siemens APOGEE system by providing a trouble ticket and resolution identifying name on ticket, and the hospital entity. Offeror shall provide a phone number of the hospital point of contact who can verify the remote access to the Siemens APOGEE building automation system. SP2: Special Certificate: Offeror shall submit a Siemens factory training certificate demonstrating they are competent in programming and/or commissioning the Siemens APOGEE system. SP3: Specialized Experience. Personnel performing work under the contract must demonstrate they have at least three (3) verifiable years of specialized experience on the maintenance, repair, and operation of the Siemens APOGEE system and related components in a hospital setting. Must provide the information below: contract numbers (if applicable) facility name period of performance services was performed during point of contact at the facility Evaluation Process: The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Offers will be evaluated in the following manner. The best value offer will be identified. The best value offer will be evaluated to determine if the offered price exceeds the amount of funding available for the procurement. If the offered price does not exceed the amount of funding available for the procurement, the offered price will be evaluated to determine if it is reasonable. If the offered price is found to be reasonable, the offeror who submitted this offer will be identified as the successful offeror. The contracting officer will then determine if the successful offeror is responsible using the general standards of responsibility and the special standard of responsibility applicable to this procurement. If contract award cannot be made to the successful offeror, the contracting officer will evaluate the next best valued offer following the procedures described above. This process will continue until a contract award can be made, or the contracting officer determines that no contract award can be made. The contracting officer may find all offers not acceptable and cancel the solicitation if the best valued offer exceeds the amount of funding available for the procurement. (c) Award Without Discussions. The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with offerors. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions at any time if determined by the contracting officer to be in the Government s interest. B.3 STATEMENT OF WORK Contracting Officer s Representative (COR): Name: Section: Address: GLAHS-WLA Phone Number: Fax Number: E-Mail Address: Contract Title: Siemens Automation Service Contract Background: Constant monitoring, service and upgrades to the Siemens Apogee system is required to maintain the optimum performance of the HVAC system at West Los Angeles Veteran Hospital. Maintaining control of the HVAC system is necessary to meet the safe patient care environment requirement and infection control as required per The Joint Commission references NFPA 99-2012, Chapter 9, requires ventilation, temperature, and relative humidity to comply with ASHRAE 170. Siemens Apogee Building Automation system requires comprehensive maintenance and monitoring. The objective of this contract is to: Provide a clean and healthy atmosphere which is compliant with all hospital regulatory agencies such as the Joint Commission, CAP, CARF, OMI. Maintain continuous operation of the HVAC and building automation system 24/7/365 days. Maintain efficient operation of equipment. Control temperatures throughout the building to satisfy facility requirements. Control Air Pressures relationships and air exchange rates to meet facility requirements. Ensure operation of HVAC equipment 24/7/365. Scope. Services are to be proactive in nature and shall include continual updating, maintenance, and surveillance of the Siemens Apogee Building Automation System for optimal performance in controlling the building HVAC systems. General Requirements. Contractor shall have personnel who are licensed and authorized to upgrade, monitor and maintain Siemens Apogee remote access and automation system. Contractor Tasks. Contractor shall provide services for Preventive maintenance and operation of the APOGEE and components of the HVACR systems in the buildings listed below: Brief Description of Service Building Location Apogee System PMI 304 Apogee System PMI 345 Apogee System PMI 401 Apogee System PMI 402 Apogee System PMI 500 Apogee System PMI 501 Apogee System PMI 507 Apogee System PMI Fisher House Apogee System PMI Distant Patient Lodging (525) Apogee System PMI 506 Apogee System PMI 114 Apogee System PMI 337 Contractor shall perform preventive maintenance in accordance with the terms and conditions contained herein and the manufacturer s recommended maintenance procedures. It is the sole responsibility of the service contractor to schedule and perform all preventive maintenance inspections at the intervals specified, at a time mutually agreeable with the COR. The VA Greater Los Angeles Healthcare System does not assume any responsibility for reminding the servicing contractor that a preventive maintenance inspection is due. Contractor shall provide a copy of the PM inspection to the COR at the completion of each inspection. Contractor shall perform system testing monthly or as needed to ensure optimal and efficient operation of the Apogee System. Contractor shall inspect and test all Apogee system equipment to ensure the proper efficiency, reliability, and the safe performance of all equipment. Contractor shall perform work in accordance with applicable codes, equipment manufacturer s recommendations, and the specifications herein. All tests and maintenance shall be a part of a Master Schedule. A copy of the Master schedule shall be provided to the COR within the first 30 days of award of the contract. The Contractor shall confirm these test/maintenance dates to the COR seven (7) days prior to the test. Tests that are disruptive to normal utilization of the building system such as electrical, heating, cooling, etc., shall be performed on weekends or during off hours on workdays at no additional cost to the government. The COR may exercise the option of witnessing these tests. Contractor shall perform all inspections, tests, cleaning, routine repairing, and other preventive maintenance activities in accordance with schedules required by the manufacturer s recommendations, operating history, and Facility requirements. Contractor shall furnish all labor, materials, parts, tools, equipment software, firmware, and supervision to clean, inspect, test, adjust, diagnose, and maintain all items and components associated with the Apogee Automation System (The Building Automation System, BAS) located throughout the VAGLAHS Campus. Contractor shall perform on site preventive maintenance inspections. Preventive maintenance shall be inclusive of all O.E.M. recommended checklists for all Automation related equipment. These tasks include but are not limited to: Annual battery replacement. Monthly panel memory checks Monthly panel programming unresolved code check Semi-Annual network diagnostic communication test and report Weekly failed points check Weekly operators override check Weekly server error report check Semi-Annual seasonal loop tuning Resolve/diagnose and correct any anomalies discovered in Navigator Contractor shall at a minimum perform monthly checks to ensure the automation controls are in calibration, working optimally, and properly reflect any changes in the configuration of the building, system and varying climatic conditions. Checks will be performed more often if needed, as determined by the COR. Contractor shall perform analysis and optimization on the software, network, automation controls and control loops a minimum of twice per year. A full report of the tests run, deficiencies found, and corrections and adjustments made will be provided to the Program Point of Contact . Optimization will be performed in May and November, or more frequently to assure optimum operation of the Apogee Building Automation System. A report will be provided within 5 working days of the optimization work being completed. Contractor shall furnish and install INSIGHT software updates to maintain or improve present performance within the functional capabilities of this system. INSIGHT software updates shall be installed within 90 days of new version availability. Documentation will be provided for all updates in both hard copy and digital formats. Contractor shall install all firmware updates as they become available and notify the Program Point of Contact of the updates having been made. Contractor shall update software licenses on an annual basis during the contract period. The update shall include the latest revision on INSIGHT, which is available for the Apogee Automation System. The contractor shall have updated the software to the latest revision level available from the manufacturer (if not already current). The contractor shall coordinate the software update with the COR to accommodate any revisions made by GLAHS. Contractor shall reload the graphics database and system file from its current backup copy in the event of hardware failure. All Siemens Apogee Insight workstation software and field panel databases will be backed up a minimum of twice per year. The contractor shall back-up the INSIGHT graphics database monthly. In the event of catastrophic failure, the stored backup copy will be provided, and the system reprogrammed and tested within twenty-four hours. The database remains the intellectual property of the VA. VAGLAHS will provide an IP address for a site-to-site connection to allow the contractor to connect to the BAS to correct deficiencies. The IP number shall be given to the contractor once the contract is awarded. Contractor shall offer 24 hour of off-site diagnostic services. The contractor, from his facility, must be able to access the system via modem/computer access control to perform system evaluation and operation as part of this contract. HVAC mechanical service contract provider must always have access to the APOGEE system and the NAVIGATOR. Siemens will be required to provide training to the proposed /incumbent technicians. Contractor is responsible for maintaining the interconnecting control/ network cable from controllers to the devices and the controller to the VA network switch. Contractor Qualifications. Apogee Building Automation Field Service Personnel must be factory trained and certified with a minimum of three years experience servicing and maintaining Apogee and related components. Contractor shall be able to provide all manufacturer software updates, flashes and other software. Contractor shall ensure all employees performing maintenance and repair services are fully qualified, competent Field Service Engineers (FSE) who have been trained to perform work on the specific equipment in accordance with the OEM s PMI/ repair procedures. Fully qualified is defined as certified factory-trained, certificate of successful completion of apprenticeship training or equivalent and experienced to work on the equipment assigned. Contractor personnel performing work under this contract must have a favorable basic security check at time of the proposal submission and must maintain the level of security required for the life of the contract. The facility reserves the right to refuse any proposed employee by the contractor for any reason. Deliverables. The contractor shall provide the following reports: Optimization Reports of Apogee system; May and November; 2 printed and bound copies submitted to the Program Point of Contact (PPOC). Documentation and Quality Assurance: The contractor shall document each on-line and on-site service call and furnish the VA with a copy showing time, date, and a brief description of activity. Contractor shall meet with the VA monthly to evaluate system performance and VA satisfaction with the quality of service that is being provided under the contract. Contractor Furnished Items and Responsibilities. The Contractor shall furnish all supplies, equipment, facilities and services required to perform work under this contract listed in this statement of work. The Contractor shall provide all materials required to meet the requirements of this SOW. This includes all parts related to the SIEMENS Apogee Building automation system, including but not limited to: sensors, actuators, circuit boards. All materials required for the maintenance, upkeep, and proper operation of all related equipment. The Contractor shall provide and maintain computers, servers and workstations for the Apogee system. All Computers and system components shall meet VA requirements. The client stations will be imaged by the VA for firewall security purposes and run the required version of the operating system. The client station operating system will be maintained and updated by the VA. General Requirements. The contractor shall be responsible for safeguarding all government equipment, information and property provided for contractor use. At the close of each work period, government facilities, equipment, and materials shall be secured. The Contractor shall establish and implement methods of making sure all keys/key cards issued to the Contractor by the Government are not lost or misplaced and are not used by unauthorized persons. NOTE: All references to keys include key cards. No keys issued to the Contractor by the Government shall be duplicated. The Contractor shall develop procedures covering key control that shall be included in the Quality Control Plan. Such procedures shall include turn-in of any issued keys by personnel who no longer require access to locked areas. The Contractor shall immediately report any occurrences of lost or duplicate keys/key cards to the Contracting Officer. In the event keys, other than master keys, are lost or duplicated, the Government, at its option, may replace the affected lock or locks or perform re-keying. When the replacement of locks or re-keying is performed by the Government, the total cost of re-keying or the replacement of the lock or locks shall be deducted from the monthly payment due the Contractor. In the event a master key is lost or duplicated, all locks and keys for that system shall be replaced by the Government and the total cost deducted from the monthly payment due the Contractor. The Contractor shall prohibit the use of Government issued keys/key cards by any persons other than the Contractor s employees. The Contractor shall prohibit the opening of locked areas by Contractor employees to permit entrance of persons other than Contractor employees engaged in the performance of assigned work in those areas, or personnel authorized entrance by the Contracting Officer. The Contractor shall establish and implement methods of ensuring that all lock combinations are not revealed to unauthorized persons. The Contractor shall ensure that lock combinations are changed when personnel having access to the combinations no longer have a need to know such combinations. These procedures shall be included in the Contractor s Quality Control Plan. The Contractor agrees to attend any post award conference(s) convened by the contracting officer or COR. The contracting officer, Program Point of Contact, and other Government personnel, as appropriate, may meet periodically with the contractor to review the contractor's performance. At these meetings the contracting officer will apprise the contractor of how the government views the contractor's performance and the contractor will apprise the Government of problems, if any, being experienced. Appropriate action shall be taken to resolve outstanding issues. These meetings shall be at no additional cost to the government. Contractor Personnel. All contract personnel attending meetings, answering Government telephones, and working in other situations where their contractor status is not obvious to third parties are required to identify themselves as such to avoid creating an impression in the minds of members of the public that they are Government officials. They must also ensure that all documents or reports produced by contractors are suitably marked as contractor products or that contractor participation is appropriately disclosed. Contractor employees will wear government furnished ID badges at all times while on the facility. Contractor employee will wear uniforms with company name/logo on the shirt. The follow personnel are considered key personnel by the government: Contractor Manager, Field Service Engineer Lead Technician, Field Service Engineers. The contractor shall provide a contract manager who shall be responsible for the performance of the work. The name of this person and an alternate who shall act for the contractor when the manager is absent shall be designated in writing to the contracting officer and Program Point of Contact. The contract manager or alternate shall have full authority to act for the contractor on all contract matters relating to daily operation of this contract. The contract manager or alternate shall be available between 7am to 4:30pm, Monday thru Friday except Federal holidays or when the government facility is closed for administrative reasons. Qualifications for all key personnel are listed below: Contract Manager: In addition to expertise in the Apogee System, a thorough understanding of the Joint Commission and Environment of Care requirements in addition to a thorough knowledge of HVACR maintenance and repairs. Lead Service Engineer: Able to ensure all scheduled maintenance is performed and documented on time, reports are provided to the COR on time. Smoking. Smoking is strictly prohibited on the grounds of any VHA facility. Per VHA Directive 1085 dated March 5, 2019, it is VHA policy that all VHA health care facilities, including hospitals, community clinics, administrative offices and Vet Centers, will be smoke-free for patients, visitors, contractors, volunteers, and vendors effective October 1, 2019. There will no longer be designated smoking areas. Normal Working Hours. Normal working hours are 6am-4pm Monday through Friday. Service hours on the 1st Wednesday of each month shall be from 5am to 4pm to provide support for monthly emergency generator testing at building 501/500. Emergency on-call service shall be provided twenty-four hours per day, seven days per week including holidays. Any overtime or holiday pay that may be entitled to the Contractor s employees shall be the sole responsibility of the Contractor and shall not be billed to nor reimbursed by the Government. The Contractor is not required to provide service on the following U.S. Government holidays, nor shall the Contractor be paid for these days: National Holidays: New Year s Day January 01 Martin Luther King s Birthday Third Monday in January President s Day Third Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth June 19 Independence Day July 04 Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in October Veterans Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day Fourth Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25 If the holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday will be observed as a national holiday. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday is observed as a National holiday by U.S. Government Agencies, and any day specifically declared by the President of the United States of America. Government Furnished Supplies and Equipment. All items furnished to the contractor by the government will be used only in direct support of this contract. The Government will provide telephone, office space, a parts cage/area for storage of necessary parts and supplies, electricity and air conditioning, keys for access, and internet access. Parking is provided in the Employee parking lot. Except for delivery or pickup of tools or materials, parking in the area immediately south of Building 500 and Building 501 is strictly prohibited for the contractor and their sub-contractors. All utilities in the facility will be available for the contractor s use in performance of tasks outlined in this SOW. The Contractor shall instruct employees in utilities conservation practices. The contractor shall be responsible for operating under conditions that preclude the waste of utilities, which include turning off the water faucets or valves after using the required amount to accomplish cleaning vehicles and equipment. Security Requirement: The C&A requirements do not apply, and a Security Accreditation Package is not required. Place of Performance: West Los Angeles Veteran Hospital 11301 Wilshire Blvd Los Angeles CA 90073 Buildings listed under section 6 of this SOW. Period of Performance: This contract will be for a base year followed by one 12-month option year period. Estimated Contract Period: 05/13/2026 05/12/2028 B.4 PRICE/COST SCHEDULE ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

1.00 YR __________________ __________________ Preventative Maintenance and Operations of the Siemens Apogee/HVACR Systems within the Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare System Locations (IAW Statement of Work) Contract Period: Base POP Begin: 05-13-2026 POP End: 05-12-2027 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 561210 - Facilities Support Services PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: J041 - Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment - Refrigeration, Air Conditioning, and Air Circulating Equipment 1001

1.00 YR _________________ _________________ Preventative Maintenance and Operations of the Siemens Apogee/HVACR Systems within the Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare System Locations (IAW Statement of Work) Contract Period: Option 1 POP Begin: 05-13-2027 POP End: 05-12-2028 PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 561210 - Facilities Support Services PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: J041 - Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment - Refrigeration, Air Conditioning, and Air Circulating Equipment GRAND TOTAL _________________

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennell Christofaro
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: jennell.christofaro@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c2fe50ce78a54621bc97c10bf70a4821/view)