---
layout: default
title: 7E21--PHARMACY OMNICENTER SVR UPGRADE BY OMNICELL
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 1eebc83bdafa4be5ac6f372f0be8b691
---

# 7E21--PHARMACY OMNICENTER SVR UPGRADE BY OMNICELL

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-23 16:21:55.505-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0704
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Presolicitation Notice Presolicitation Notice Page 3 of 3 *=Required Field Presolicitation Notice Page 1 of 3 THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) SOURCES SOUGHT IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR MARKET RESEARCH AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION 1. Responses to this Sources Sought must be in writing. The purpose of this Sources Sought Announcement is for market research only to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of Small Businesses , including Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses and Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB/VOSB), who are interested in submitting proposals for this procurement and who are capable of performing the work required for this procurement. 2. The NAICS for this requirement is 334111 Electronic Computer Manufacturing 3. The Contractor shall provide PHARMACY OMNICENTER SVR UPGRADE BY OMNICELL for the Southern Arizona VA Healthcare System (AVAHCS) (see attached DRAFT SOW). The required products shall be provided by the contractor along with all resources necessary to accomplish the deliverables described in the attached Draft Statement of Work (SOW). 4. Interested and capable Contractors are encouraged to respond to this notice not later than May 7th, 2026, at 09:00 AM PDT, by providing the following information via email only to jose.espinoza3@va.gov. (a) Company name (b) Address (c) Point of contact (d) Phone, fax, and email of primary point of contact (e) Contractor s Unique Entity ID (SAM) number (f) Type of small business, if applicable, (e.g. Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), 8(a), HUB-Zone, Woman Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, or Small Business). (g) Statement indicating whether your company is considered small under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI. (h) Statement indicating the product name of the PHARMACY OMNICENTER SVR UPGRADE BY OMNICELL s for the SAVAHCS that you intend to provide. (i) Statement indicating whether you are the manufacturer of the PHARMACY OMNICENTER SVR UPGRADE BY OMNICELL that you intend to provide for this procurement. If you intend to provide the prodcut by a company other than your own, state the name of the company whose PHARMACY OMNICENTER SVR UPGRADE BY OMNICELL product you intend to provide, the country of origin, and whether the company that manufactures that product is a small business under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI. (j) Statement indicating if you have a current contract to provide the PHARMACY OMNICENTER SVR UPGRADE BY OMNICELL that you intend to provide for this procurement, along with the installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance services required by this procurement, under either the General Services Administration (GSA) Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) or with the VA National Acquisition Center (NAC), National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Solutions for Enterprise-Wide Procurement (SEWP), or any other federal contract. If yes, provide the contract type and contract number, as well as the identity of the federal agency with whom you hold that contract. (k) Statement indicating if your PHARMACY OMNICENTER SVR UPGRADE BY OMNICELL that you intent to provide for this procurement was assessed by VA Technical Reference Model Management Group and currently approved for use in the VA. (l) Statement indicating how many calendar days you estimate it would take you to implement, configure, and validate PHARMACY OMNICENTER SVR UPGRADE BY OMNICELL product that you intend to provide for this procurement in a medical center similar to the VA Medical Center. (m) General pricing for your products/solutions for market research purposes. (n) A capability statement that provides detailed information for one or more reference contracts that demonstrate your experience providing PHARMACY OMNICENTER SVR UPGRADE BY OMNICELL that meets the requirements described in the attached Draft Salient Characteristics and demonstrates your experience providing the installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance services required by this procurement. GENERAL STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITY ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract the respondent identifies as evidence of the respondent s capability to perform the work required by this procurement. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract: (1) the legal name of entity with whom the respondent held the contract; (2) the contract number; (3) a description providing details of the specific tasks the respondent performed under that contract; (4) the dates during which the respondent performed the contract; (5) the name, phone number, and email address of a person at the entity with whom the respondent held the contract who can verify the information the respondent provides regarding this reference contract. If a respondent offers to demonstrate experience through the proposed use of subcontractors, the respondent must provide all of the information required above for one or more reference contracts performed by each subcontractor the respondent intends to use. NOTE: The information requested above is required for the Government to evaluate whether there are sufficient small business concerns of a particular type who are capable of performing the work required by this procurement to determine if this procurement should be set aside for a given type of small business concern. FAILURE TO SUBMIT ALL OF THE INFORMATION REQUESTED ABOVE TO SUPPORT A RESPONDENT S CLAIMED EXPERIENCE MAY BE VIEWED BY THE GOVERNMENT AS EVIDENCE THAT THE RESPONDENT LACKS THE ABILITY TO PROVIDE THE SUPPLY/SERVICE REQUIRED BY THIS PROCUREMENT. THIS, IN TURN, MAY AFFECT THE GOVERNMENT S DETERMINATION ABOUT WHETHER THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A SET-ASIDE PROCUREMENT HAVE BEEN MET. 5. All Offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database found at https://www.sam.gov. Registration must include Representations and Certifications. 6. Small Business respondents.(a) If respondent is VOSB or SDVOSB, respondent is encouraged to provide proof of www.vetbiz.gov certification. In addition, SDVOSB/VOSB Contractors are asked to acknowledge that they understand the limitations on sub-contracting pursuant to FAR 52.219-14, Limitations on Sub-Contracting, which will be included in the impending solicitation. Further SDVOSB/VOSB contractors are asked to respond that they are capable of providing the requested services keeping within the parameters of this clause. (b) Small businesses, including SDVOSB/VOSBS are also advised that per 13 CFR, § 125.6 the prime contractor's limitations on subcontracting are as follows: (1) General. In order to be awarded a full or partial small business set-aside contract with a value greater than $150,000, an 8(a) contract, an SDVO SBC contract, a HUBZone contract, a WOSB or EDWOSB contract pursuant to part 127 of this chapter, a small business concern must agree that: (2) In the case of a contract for services (except construction), it will not pay more than 50% of the amount paid by the government to it to firms that are not similarly situated. Any work that a similarly situated subcontractor further subcontracts will count towards the 50% subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. (c) Please note that if VA s pending market research establishes that two or more verified VOSB or SDVOSB can provide the services required, VA will set aside the underlying solicitation per 38 U.S.C. §8127. --End of Sources Sought Announcement-- DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. ________________________________________________________________________ DRAFT SOW DRAFT - STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) As of April 23,2026 1. VA POC will be identified upon award 2. Contract Title. Pharmacy Omnicell Server Upgrade 3. Background. Southern Arizona VA Health Care System needs to upgrade current Pharmacy Service Omnicell Server to a current windows version. The current OmniCenter server is on Windows 2016 and needs to be upgraded to Windows 2019 to ensure full functionality. This server is used in our Pharmacy Service to support a variety of Omnicell applications and servers as an interface to allow these applications to communicate. If this server is not upgraded by 2027, our Pharmacy Service will have to stop automated operations, resulting in manual workflow practices which will decrease work efficiency and increase the risk for human error and patient safety. 4. Scope. This award includes the upgrade of existing Pharmacy Omnicell Server, thermal print labels, remote access licenses, virtual test server, and barcode confirmation system. 5. Specific Tasks. The existing OmniCenter server located in Pharmacy Service is running on an old Windows version. The server needs to be upgraded to meet fully functionality and meet the requirements of Pharmacy workflow.

5.1 Salient Characteristics: The vendor is to provide the following items to meet all requirements of this upgrade: Remote access license for Windows 2019, quantity 10 SafetyStock Thermal Printer, with labels SafetyStock Imager for bar code confirmation Server that is running on Windows 2019 to support 176-600 devices Virtual Windows 19 test server Deliverables: Vendor to hold meetings with a specified team, set for an agreed upon interval, to discuss project timeline, upgrade details, and any other pertinent information. 6. Performance Monitoring. Vendor to hold project meetings to ensure all requirements are being met and within the designated timeframe. 7. Security Requirements. This package requires a 6500.6 and will be reviewed and signed by ISSO. 8. Government-Furnished Equipment (GFE)/Government-Furnished Information (GFI). N/A 9. Other Pertinent Information or Special Considerations a. Identification of Possible Follow-on Work. N/A b. Identification of Potential Conflicts of Interest (COI). N/A c. Identification of Non-Disclosure Requirements. N/A d. Packaging, Packing and Shipping Instructions. Packaging to include all user guides and manufacturer cleaning instructions. e. Inspection and Acceptance Criteria. Equipment must be new and in good working order 10. Risk Control. This package requires a 6500.6 and will be reviewed and signed by ISSO. 11. Place of Performance. Southern Arizona VA Health Care System: 3601 S. 6th Avenue Tucson, Arizona 85723 12. Period of Performance. This package will cover the time it takes, set by the vendor, to provide all services as outlined in the IGCE. 13. Delivery Schedule. N/A *For each line item, vendors shall provide the manufacturer name, part number, description, country of origin, BAA/TAA compliance status, COTS status, contract number (if on FSS/SEWP/NAC), or confirmation that the item is open-market. B.2 PRICE/COST SCHEDULE ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

10.00 EA __________________ __________________ OC REMOTE ACCESS LICENSE WIN2019,UPG LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: OMC-LIC-032 country of origin: _____________ BAA compliance (Yes/No): _______ TAA compliance (Yes/No): ________ FSS/SEWP/NAC contract number, if applicable: ________ 0002

1.00 EA __________________ __________________ SAFETYSTOCK THERMAL PRINTER(SATO,LABELS) LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: OMC-PNT-001 country of origin: _____________ BAA compliance (Yes/No): _______ TAA compliance (Yes/No): ________ FSS/SEWP/NAC contract number, if applicable: ________ 0003

1.00 EA __________________ __________________ 2D SAFETYSTOCK IMAGER(1D UPGR / NEW LOC) Solution includes: *2D SAFETYSTOCK IMAGER(1D UPGR / NEW LOC) *XT SCANNER, WIRED 1-2 a. 1- 4 HEIGHT LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: OMC-SCN-004 country of origin: _____________ BAA compliance (Yes/No): _______ TAA compliance (Yes/No): ________ FSS/SEWP/NAC contract number, if applicable: ________ 0004

1.00 EA __________________ __________________ OC SERVER WIN2019 176-600 DEVICES LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: OMC-SRV-092 country of origin: _____________ BAA compliance (Yes/No): _______ TAA compliance (Yes/No): ________ FSS/SEWP/NAC contract number, if applicable: ________ 0005

1.00 EA __________________ __________________ OC VIRTUAL WIN2019 TEST SERVER LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: OMC-SRV-094 country of origin: _____________ BAA compliance (Yes/No): _______ TAA compliance (Yes/No): ________ FSS/SEWP/NAC contract number, if applicable: ________ GRAND TOTAL __________________

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Espinoza, Jose A.
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: jose.espinoza3@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1eebc83bdafa4be5ac6f372f0be8b691/view)