---
layout: default
title: Pisgah National Forest Project NC FS ERFO NFNC811 2024-3(2)
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 630a47bd1cf84fdb99371791f80f8879
---

# Pisgah National Forest Project NC FS ERFO NFNC811 2024-3(2)

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-24 16:40:37.845-04
- Solicitation Number: 693C73-26-SS-0008

## Summary

Federal Highway Administration Eastern Federal Lands Highway Division Sources Sought Notice No. 693C73-26-SS-0008 NCNF – DB Permanent Repair Damages from Hurricane Helene NC FS ERFO NFNC811 2024-3(2) SUBMITTAL INFORMATION ISSUE DATE: MARCH 24, 2026 DUE DATE FOR RESPONSES: APRIL 21, 2026, 2:00 PM EDT SUBMIT RESPONSES TO: Shirley A. Anderson at eflhd.contracts@dot.gov SUBMITTALS SHOULD BE MADE IN ELECTRONIC FORMAT Synopsis: This is a Sources Sought Announcement and is for information purposes only. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS, QUOTATIONS, OR BIDS. NO SOLICITATION IS CURRENTLY AVAILABLE. The purpose of this announcement is to determine the availability and capability of qualified sources for a proposed design-build construction project to repair Hurricane Helene damages on South Toe River Rd (NFSR 472), Curtis Creek Rd (NFSR 482), Stony Fork Rd (NFSR 63), and Big Ivy Rd (NFSR 74) in the US Forest Service, Pisgah National Forest in North Carolina. The Government anticipates utilizing a Design-Build approach, under which the selected Design-Builder would be responsible for advancing the project from initial scoping and site validation through final design and construction. Design services will include, but are not limited to, participating in scoping efforts; defining and refining project scope; performing value engineering analysis, conducting site investigations; roadway realignments and profile adjustments; hydraulics analysis and design, including aquatic organism passage (AOP); landslide and/or washout stabilization; embankment and cut and fill slopes mitigation; foundation design; bridge repair and replacement design; preparation of plans, specifications, and estimates (PS&E); preparation of environmental documentation and studies necessary to obtain National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) approval; preparation of right-of-way acquisition documentation, as required; coordination with the public, local governments, utility companies, and other stakeholders; and obtaining required environmental permits and regulatory approvals. Construction services will include, but are not limited to, embankment reconstruction; excavation; concrete work; construction of earth retaining systems; bridge replacement and repairs; repair, replacement, and construction of culverts and drainage structures; placement of riprap; removal and replacement of roadway structural sections; installation and replacement of guardrails and end sections; road obliteration and restoration of creeks following realignment; maintenance of traffic and temporary traffic control; implementation of soil erosion and sedimentation control measures; utility relocations; and all other miscellaneous work necessary to deliver a complete and fully operational project. The Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), Eastern Federal Lands Highway Division (EFLHD), anticipates awarding a design-build construction contract no earlier than June 2027. The cost of the entire project is estimated to be between $100,000,000 to $150,000,000. PRIME CONTRACTORS shall answer the following questions and submit the requested information, as applicable, by e-mail to EFLHD.Contracts@dot.gov (Attn: Shirley Anderson) no later than 2:00 PM (EDT) on APRIL 21, 2026: 1. Do you intend to submit a bid/proposal as a Prime Contractor for the solicitation when it is issued? 2. Provide your full business name, address, point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, and website (if any). If a member of a joint venture (JV), include relevant information from both members of the JV. 3. Provide your Unique Entity ID and Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code; if a member of a mentor-protégé agreement with the SBA, please provide information on both members. 4. Identify your firm’s size standard under NAICS code 237310; Highway, Street and Bridge Construction ($45 Million). All firms shall be certified and registered under the NAICS code 237310 in the System for Award Management (SAM) located at https://www.sam.gov/ at the time an offer is submitted in response to any solicitation. 5. Identify all applicable classifications for your firm such as: large business, small business; woman-owned small business; 8(a) small business; small-disadvantaged business; HUBZone small business; service-disabled veteran-owned small business; etc. Please note that the size of a small business firm includes all parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, etc. Refer to the Code of Federal Regulations 13 CFR 121.103 for information on how the SBA determines affiliation and 13 CFR 121.108 regarding the penalties for misrepresentation of size status. If a member of a joint venture (JV), include relevant information from both members of the JV. 6. Please provide a letter from your bonding agent stating your firm’s capability to bond for a single project of $150,000,000, and your firm’s aggregate bonding capacity. 7. Are you willing to enter into and submit a Project Labor Agreement (PLA) prior to any potential contract award if your firm is determined to be the apparent successful offeror? Please explain in detail. The Project Labor Agreement must meet the requirements of Executive Order 14063 and the policies and procedures of FAR Subpart 22.5 – Use of Project Labor Agreements for Federal Construction Projects: When awarding large scale construction projects (>$35 million), federal agencies shall require the use of project labor agreements for contractors and subcontractors engaged in construction on the project unless an exception at FAR Part 22.504(d) applies as determined by the agency’s Senior Procurement Executive. 8. Please provide any information about availability of relevant unions, unionized and non-unionized contractors in the project area. 9. Is there any other information you would like the government to consider regarding a Project Labor Agreement for this specific construction project? 10. Describe your experience developing and implementing Contractor Quality Control Plans (CQCP). The CQCP includes the measuring and the validation of the quality of the materials used and incorporated into the project including, but not limited to qualified personnel, equipment, testing facilities and sampling procedures. 11. Describe your experience performing, or your strategy to develop and submit, project documentation, including shop drawings, material submittals, construction quality control programs, as-built drawings, and other engineering and surveying deliverables required to support design and construction activities. 12. Describe your experience managing multiple design and/or construction activities across several projects simultaneously. 13. Describe your experience performing, or your strategy for completing, multiple design packages that may include bridge replacement, landslide and/or washout stabilization, earth retaining systems, and aquatic organism passage (AOP) design at various design stages; and preparing the necessary documentation and environmental studies necessary to obtain NEPA approval. 14. Describe your capability to perform these types of design and construction activities on contracts larger than $100,000,000. Provide examples of comparable work performed within the past five (5) years. For each project, include a brief description of the work performed, customer name, period of performance, customer satisfaction or performance evaluation information (if available), and total contract value. If responding as part of a Joint Venture (JV), include relevant experience from both JV members. RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCE SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO 10 PAGES, single-spaced, and with font size 12 or larger using Times New Roman or Arial. Page margins must be no smaller than 1”, and page size shall be no greater than 8.5” x 11.” Submission shall be provided in electronic format (Microsoft Word or Adobe PDF). Do NOT submit marketing material, slide presentations, or technical papers. Do NOT submit resumes. Please reference “Sources Sought Announcement No. 693C73-26-SS-0008 for Project NC FS ERFO NFNC811 2024-3(2)” in the subject line of your email.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Shirley A. Anderson
  - Email: EFLHD.Contracts@dot.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: C. Shawn Long
  - Email: EFLHD.Contracts@dot.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/630a47bd1cf84fdb99371791f80f8879/view)