---
layout: default
title: Yazoo Backwater Pumping Plant - Industry Day No. 1
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 6b128b2ff43d486b84cf875a66d5b0bd
---

# Yazoo Backwater Pumping Plant - Industry Day No. 1

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-30 10:39:32.773-04
- Solicitation Number: W912EE26S0004

## Summary

W912EE26S0004 - Industry Day Announcement – Yazoo Backwater Pumping Plant NAICS – 237990 – Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction W912EE - The USACE Vicksburg District is excited to announce that we will be hosting an Industry Day Event to be held on April 23, 2026 at 9:00 A.M. Central Standard Time (CST). The district is seeking input from industry partners to inform the design and acquisition planning for the Yazoo Backwater Pumping Plant project. The Vicksburg District is seeking participation from qualified and capable contractors with the interest, capability and capacity to perform the scope of the work indicating in this announcement. This project is in the very early stages of design and features of work are subject to changes. The schedule for any solicitation advertisement will be established later. This proposed industry day will be seeking input for three (3) potential construction contract opportunities critical to completing the Yazoo Backwater Pumping Plant, including: Inlet and Outlet Channel Excavation – magnitude of construction and bonding requirement up to $50M. Foundation & Site Development – magnitude of construction and bonding requirement up to $100M. Pumping Plant Construction (including supply, installation and start-up of pumps) – magnitude of construction and bonding requirement over $1B. Additional information regarding the scope of each action is included below. VIRTUAL DAY PARTICIPATION INSTRUCTIONS: An Industry Day for the Yazoo Backwater Pumping Plant project will be held at the USACE, Vicksburg District Headquarters Building, 4155 Clay Street, Vicksburg MS 39180 on April 23, 2026, 9:00 a.m. CST. The Industry Day will offer both in-person and virtual attendance. The presentation and a list of registered attendees will be posted after the conclusion of the industry day. Contractors planning to attend the main presentation on April 23, 2026 are asked to complete the Pre-registration Form attached to this notice and return a copy to Kasey Davis at Kasey.T.Davis@usace.army.mil. Please submit the pre-registration form no later than April 21, 2026. A list of participants and interested firms will be posted to this notice following the Industry Day. To attend the meeting virtually please go to the link: https://dod.teams.microsoft.us/l/meetup-join/19%3adod%3ameeting_c562cbd4c90e4aae9f589ecb02a0ce14%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%22fc4d76ba-f17c-4c50-b9a7-8f3163d27582%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%22913b7975-50f2-43c6-9234-2e9ca3baf540%22%7d Industry day will begin promptly at 9:00AM CST on April 23, 2026, for the main presentation. The Teams application will open for participants to log on at 8:30am CST. The Government will also be offering one-on-one sessions with prime contractors only, for the purpose of receiving individual industry input from the attached list of questions. Information obtained in these sessions will be used to improve the final project designs and inform market research for procurement planning purposes. Please note that these one-on-one meetings are not intended to be general capability briefings. These sessions are not considered opportunities for contractors to market their firms. The sessions will be held on the following days: 27 April 2026 through 01 May 2026. Prime Contractors interested in participating in a one-on-one meeting will be required to request a date and time in advance by emailing Kasey Davis at Kasey.T.Davis@usace.army.mil. The availability for a one-on-one session will be on a first come, first serve basis. Registration shall be done NLT 23 April 2026. PROJECT SCOPE: The current design of the Yazoo Backwater Pumping Plant (YBWPP) is a 25,000 CFS pumping plant located adjacent to the Steele Bayou Drainage Structure. The pumping plant will be operated when the Steele Bayou Drainage Structure is closed and will manage water levels in the Yazoo Backwater Area to an elevation of 90 feet at the Steele Bayou gage during crop season (25 March - 15 October) and to an elevation of 93 feet at the Steele Bayou gage during non-crop season (16 October – 24 March). The following information is based on a 10% conceptual design. Scope and quantities will change as the design matures. Partial site development has been completed in the past including the completion of a partial cofferdam and partial completion of the intake channel. Additional required site development consists of clearing and grubbing, temporary and permanent site access, staging area(s), and establishment of government furnished borrow area(s). Some of these features of work may be completed under an initial site preparation and channel excavation contract separate from the pumping plant contract. Current design estimates excavation volumes of the intake and discharge channels to be approximately 700,000 CY. The resulting channels will be armored. Excavated material from the channels, cofferdam, or the pump plant location may be used as backfill for multiple project features and/or preload for the pump plant. The project includes an 800 ft length access bridge over the intake channel. The 25,000 CFS pumping plant is anticipated to be pile-founded. The pumping plant will contain 14 – 1,800 CFS axial-flow pumps with 5000 HP (approx.) electric motors and controls, gearboxes, etc. The Government will supply the power source under a separate contract prior to completion of pumping plant construction. The pumping plant building will be approximately 200 ft by 500 ft and includes a 75-ton overhead crane. Some of the structural features of the pumping plant include formed suction intakes, access tunnels, pump bays, discharge apron, trash rakes, stop logs, and retaining walls. LIST OF ATTACHMENTS: INDUSTRY DAY PRE-REGISTRATION FORM LIST OF QUESTIONS TO INDUSTRY PRESENTATION SLIDES SUBMIT TO: Written responses to the list of questions, event registration requests and requests for a one-on-one session shall be submitted via email to Kasey Davis, Contract Specialist at Kasey.T.Davis@usace.army.mil and copy R. Ellis Screws, Contracting Officer, at Ellis.Screws@usace.army.mil. Responses should be sent as soon as possible, but not later than 2:00 PM Central Time, April 21, 2026. Please use the following subject line in your email: “W912EE26S0004 Industry Day – Yazoo Backwater Pumping Plant”. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged. All interested firms must be registered in the System for Award Management (www.SAM.gov) and maintain an active registration for the duration of the contract to be eligible for award of Government contracts.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kasey Davis
  - Email: Kasey.T.Davis@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 6016317243
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Robert Ellis Screws
  - Email: Ellis.Screws@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 6016317527

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6b128b2ff43d486b84cf875a66d5b0bd/view)