---
layout: default
title: FCI Ashland-Replace J&K Unit Windows
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 51b1751bbc1a4b2a9d163f52392ccebb
---

# FCI Ashland-Replace J&K Unit Windows

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-19 10:25:53.675-04
- Solicitation Number: 15B10226PR000107

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE. THIS NOTICE IS ISSUED FOR MARKET RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION OR INVITATION FOR OFFERORS TO SUBMIT BIDS. A SYNOPSIS OF PROPOSED CONTRACT ACTION WILL BE POSTED AT A LATER DATE WHICH WILL PROVIDE INSTRUCTIONS FOR BIDDERS TO RESPOND TO THIS OPPORTUNITY. Interested contractors are requested to respond to this notice by filling out and emailing completed questionnaire attachment (see attached) to Candi Smart email: csmart@bop.gov. Responses must be received no later than March 25, 2026. Interested vendors must also add their names to the Interested Vendors List for this posting in www.sam.gov Contract Opportunity (must be logged-in to your vendor account). The Federal Bureau of Prisons (FBOP) anticipates issuance of a solicitation for the award of a firm-fixed-price construction contract for a project entitled Replace J&K Unit Windows, at the Federal Correctional Institution (FCI Ashland), located in Ashland, Kentucky. The Federal Correctional Institution Ashland located at State Route 716, Ashland, Kentucky, 41105 intends to make a single award to a responsible entity that will provide all labor, supervision, materials, equipment, permits, quality control, safety measures, and incidentals necessary to remove and replace 236 window assemblies in Housing Units J and K. The Contractor shall remove the existing window assemblies and furnish and install new heavy commercial aluminum double-hung window systems incorporating pour and debridge urethane thermal barrier technology. Work shall be executed in phases to maintain full building occupancy, continuous operations, weather protection, life safety, and security. The contractor shall coordinate work to minimize disruption to occupants and maintain security and environmental control. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code applicable to this requirement is 238150 (Glass and Glazing Contractors) with a corresponding small business size standard of $19 million. The estimated magnitude of this project lies between $100,000 and $250,000.To be considered an interested vendor, you must possess this NAICS code in your www.sam.gov registration. Access to attachments will require an active vendor registration at SAM.gov as well as your Marketing Partner Identification Number (MPIN) associated with your SAM registration. You will need to request access, to the controlled document(s), and receive approval prior to being able to view the files. If you encounter problems requesting access to these documents, please refer to the Help section on SAM.gov or contact the Federal Service Desk at 866-606-8220. Interested bidders must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://sam.gov. The FBOP is seeking small business contractors for this project. Your business size metrics information entered in your SAM registration must be less than or equal to the small business size standard specified above to qualify as a small business. Interested small business contractors are requested to respond to this notice by adding their names to the Interested Vendors List for this posting on the SAM website at https://sam.gov. You must be logged in to your vendor account in order to access the Interested Vendors List. Please add your business name only if you are interested in submitting a bid as a Prime contractor and are capable and eligible to compete for and perform this project. This notice is intended only for those who would be entering into a Prime contract with the FBOP for the entirety of the project. The FBOP does not award subcontracts. Subcontracts (if applicable/necessary) are the responsibility of the Prime contractor. The FBOP has no privity of contract with subcontractors. Interested parties are also requested to complete the attached Market Research Questionnaire and return the completed document to csmart@bop.gov. The synopsis of proposed contract action will include further instructions for responding to this opportunity. Interested bidders are advised to continuously monitor www.sam.gov for all future updates.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Candi Smart
  - Email: csmart@bop.gov
  - Phone: 803-625-5298

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: attached) to Candi Smart email: csmart@bop.gov. Responses must be received no later than March 25, 2026. Interested vendors must also add their names to the Interested Vendors List for this posting in www.sam.gov Contract Opportunity (must be logged-in to your vendor account). The Federal Bureau of Prisons (FBOP) anticipates issuance of a solicitation for the award of a firm-fixed-price construction contract for a project entitled Replace J&K Unit Windows, at the Federal Correctional Institution (FCI Ashland), located in Ashland, Kentucky. The Federal Correctional Institution Ashland located at State Route 716, Ashland, Kentucky, 41105 intends to make a single award to a responsible entity that will provide all labor, supervision, materials, equipment, permits, quality control, safety measures, and incidentals necessary to remove and replace 236 window assemblies in Housing Units J and K. The Contractor shall remove the existing window assemblies and furnish and install new heavy commercial aluminum double-hung window systems incorporating pour and debridge urethane thermal barrier technology. Work shall be executed in phases to maintain full building occupancy, continuous operations, weather protection, life safety, and security. The contractor shall coordinate work to minimize disruption to occupants and maintain security and environmental control. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code applicable to this requirement is 238150 (Glass and Glazing Contractors) with a corresponding small business size standard of $19 million. The estimated magnitude of this project lies between $100,000 and $250,000.To be considered an interested vendor, you must possess this NAICS code in your www.sam.gov registration. Access to attachments will require an active vendor registration at SAM.gov as well as your Marketing Partner Identification Number (MPIN) associated with your SAM registration. You will need to request access, to the controlled document(s), and receive approval prior to being able to view the files. If you encounter problems requesting access to these documents, please refer to the Help section on SAM.gov or contact the Federal Service Desk at 866-606-8220. Interested bidders must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://sam.gov. The FBOP is seeking small business contractors for this project. Your business size metrics information entered in your SAM registration must be less than or equal to the small business size standard specified above to qualify as a small business. Interested small business contractors are requested to respond to this notice by adding their names to the Interested Vendors List for this posting on the SAM website at https://sam.gov. You must be logged in to your vendor account in order to access the Interested Vendors List. Please add your business name only if you are interested in submitting a bid as a Prime contractor and are capable and eligible to compete for and perform this project. This notice is intended only for those who would be entering into a Prime contract with the FBOP for the entirety of the project. The FBOP does not award subcontracts. Subcontracts (if applicable/necessary) are the responsibility of the Prime contractor. The FBOP has no privity of contract with subcontractors. Interested parties are also requested to complete the attached Market Research Questionnaire and return the completed document to csmart@bop.gov. The synopsis of proposed contract action will include further instructions for responding to this opportunity. Interested bidders are advised to continuously monitor www.sam.gov for all future updates

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/51b1751bbc1a4b2a9d163f52392ccebb/view)