---
layout: default
title: DLA Disposition Services Northeast Regional MHE Maintenance Services
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 80ea9311935144648753c39249e6c119
---

# DLA Disposition Services Northeast Regional MHE Maintenance Services

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 16:16:08.405-05
- Solicitation Number: SP451026Q1007

## Summary

Amendement 1 Amendment 1 is issued to provide answers to vendor questions regarding this solicitation and to update the Performance Work Statement to add the Quality Assurance Survaillance Plan (QASP). Attachment 1 has been updated to incorporate the QASP and Attachment 9 has been added to provide the answers. The QASP can be found under Paragraph 9 Quality Assurance (QA) of the PWS. No other changes at this time. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items/services prepared in accordance with FAR 12 and

13.5 The required equipment is per the attached specifications, including its delivery timeframes. This procurement is a total small business set-aside under NAICS 811310 with a size standard of $12.5 million. The following clauses will be included in the award: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Item; FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions required to implement statutes or Executive Orders Commercial items. Offeror must submit Representations and Certifications (FAR 52.212-3). If an offeror has completed the annual representations and certificates electronically the offeror shall complete only paragraph (b) of this provision. Quotes are to be received no later than 5:00 p.m. Eastern Standard U.S. Time on the specified date listed in the solicitation, via email only to the designated Contracting Officer. Questions must be submitted by email to the designated Contracting Officer by Wednesday, March 04, 2026, at 5:00 PM EST. Answers will be submitted to SAM.gov as an amendment to the solicitation. See Attachment for the Price Schedule and Specifications/Additional Terms. All contractor performance shall be in a safe manner, and in compliance with all applicable Federal, state, and local laws and regulations, and all installation policies. Any/all required documentation and service-related requirements including installation access are the responsibility of the contractor, with coordination as necessary with the site POC. Deliveries must be made during normal installation work hours which are available from the above POC, excluding Federal holidays. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors

1.1 FORMAT: The offeror shall submit documentation (one original electronic form, standard Microsoft based Word and / or Excel, and or .PDF files) in response to this solicitation subject to the requirements in this provision. The offeror’s outline should demonstrate, in detail, how their organization, internal work processes and procedures meet the US Government’s requirements for performance under this solicitation.

1.2 PROPOSAL SUBMISSION: The following describes the information which must be furnished as part of the proposal and the format in which it must be presented. Proposals which do not provide the required information in the prescribed format shall be excluded from further consideration. Offerors should not include extraneous information that is not required to be submitted by 1.4. All proposals shall be valid for 90 days. (a) FORMAT: Proposals shall be submitted in distinctly severable parts consisting of the following volumes: Volume 1, Volume 2. Proposal submissions will consist of one original copy submitted electronically. If multiple electronic files are submitted, each electronic file shall identify it as part of Volume 1, 2. VOLUME 1: Proposal Certifications and Price Schedule. (i) FAR 52.212-1(b) Information, except (b)(10). (b)(10) Information shall be in Volume 2. The Price Schedule is Attachment 2. VOLUME 2: Past Performance Proposal. (See 1.4 below) (b) Submission of proposal by email should be sent to: james.isola@dla.mil Emailed proposals are to be sent to james.isola@dla.mil

1.3 Reserved

1.4 Past Performance Proposal: (a) The offeror is required to provide any current relevant information regarding the level of performance, in terms of delivery and quality achieved under either US Government or commercial contracts for the same or similar services for performance in this requirement. The information provided should support a qualitative review of the offeror; and/or record of performance in the areas of conforming to specifications, adherence to contract schedules, history of reasonable and cooperative behavior, commitment to customer satisfaction, and business-like concern for the interest of your customer. Additionally, if performance deficiencies were identified, what they were and what corrective action was taken. Relevant past performance shall be within the last 6 years. (b) Offerors shall submit past performance data for their firm. For each reference provided, a valid name and telephone number, contract number, contract type, dollar value, contract award and completion dates, point of contact, description of work performed, and e-mail address of point of contact is required. The description of work performed shall be in sufficient detail to explain the type of facility inspection services and geographic coverage (U.S. and International) commensurate with the scope and territory required in this procurement. (c) Reference projects and corresponding reference surveys are limited to four (4) projects considered by the offeror to be the most relevant to the requirements of this solicitation. If more than four projects with reference surveys are received, the US Government will consider the first four projects received based upon the date and time the reference surveys are received. (d) Attachment 4 contains a past performance survey that is used to evaluate an offeror’s past performance. The offeror shall provide the past performance survey in Attachment 4 to the past performance reference they identify in this part of the proposal for the offeror. The past performance reference shall independently submit the survey to the Contracting Officer prior to the closing date of the solicitation. Any completed past performance survey received after the date of closing or directly from the offeror will not be considered in the past performance evaluation. The US Government will not evaluate a reference listed in the past performance proposal if no corresponding survey is received from a reference for that contract. This will have the effect of the offeror being given a Neutral rating for that portion of their overall evaluation, regardless of the type of experience or its similarity to this requirement. Reference surveys must be received by the due date for receipt of proposals in order for the information to be considered. Offerors are cautioned that due to mail delivery times to the U.S., it is highly recommended that all contract references being asked to provide surveys be asked to scan the documents in Adobe .pdf format and email it to james.isola@dla.mil with a reference to the solicitation, SP4510-26-Q-1007 in the subject heading. (e) The submission of a past performance volume is required. If an offeror does not have any past performance references, offerors must at least identify Volume 2 in their proposal and state they do not have any past performance to provide. If the US Government only receives a past performance survey from a past performance reference and there is no information in an offeror’s proposal regarding that reference (see paragraph above), the reference will not be considered. The offeror is responsible for ensuring references submit past performance surveys; the US Government will not be contacting references for purposes of obtaining the survey. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Items

1.5 Evaluation of Past Performance: (1) The US Government will evaluate the quality of the offeror’s past performance. The assessment of the offeror’s past performance will be used as a means of evaluating the probability of success of the offeror. Thus, an offeror with a higher confidence assessment rating for past performance will have a higher probability of meeting the solicitation requirements than a firm with a lower confidence assessment rating. (2) In investigating an offeror’s past performance, the US Government may consider information in the offeror’s proposal and information obtained from other sources, including past and present customers and their employees, other US Government agencies, including state and local agencies, consumer protection organizations and better business bureaus; former subcontractors; and others who may have useful information. Failure by the offeror to provide evidence of relevant performance on contracts of a similar nature in terms of performance timeframes and complexities of services provided will be considered by the US Government to have no relevant past performance. The offeror is responsible for ensuring references submit past performance surveys; the offeror’s reference must submit the past performance survey. The US Government will not accept past performance surveys submitted by the offeror or contact offeror references to obtain a completed survey. The US Government will evaluate past performance and experience in accordance with submission requirements of 1.4. (3) Evaluation of past performance will be a subjective assessment based on a consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances. It will not be based on absolute standards of acceptable performance. The US Government is seeking to determine whether the offeror has consistently demonstrated a commitment to customer satisfaction and timely delivery of services. This is a matter of judgment. Offerors will be given an opportunity to address especially unfavorable reports of past performance, and the offeror’s response, or lack thereof, will be taken into consideration. Offerors lacking relevant past performance will not receive negative or positive consideration in the evaluation of this element as no meaningful confidence assessment rating can be reasonably assigned. (4) Past performance will be rated on an adjectival scale. The US Government’s conclusions about the overall quality of the offeror’s past performance and experience will be a factor in determining the relative merits of the offeror’s proposal and in selecting the offeror whose proposal is considered the most advantageous to the US Government. (5) By past performance, the US Government means how well the offeror conformed to specifications and to standards of good workmanship; the offeror’s adherence to contract schedules, including the administrative aspects of performance; the offeror’s history of reasonable and cooperative behavior and commitment to customer satisfaction; and the offeror’s business-like concern for the interests of the customer. By experience, the US Government means whether a contractor’s firm has performed similar work before. DLA Disposition Services will also consider the offeror’s past performance and experience on the same or similar contracts in terms of the complexities of the services provided. Offerors with no past performance will be issued a Neutral rating for past performance. (f) A written notice of the award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the US Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award.

1.6 Evaluation Factors for Award: a. The US Government will make award to the responsible offeror whose offer conforms to the solicitation and demonstrates the best value to the US Government in terms of their past performance and price. b. The evaluation factors are listed below: (i) Past Performance (ii) Price (iii) Past performance is significantly more important than price.

1.7 Evaluation of Price: The offered price will be used in conjunction with the other factors to determine the proposal, which represents the best value to the US Government. Price will not be numerically scored, but it will be fully evaluated using price analysis techniques. Applicable FAR Provisions & Clauses: 52.203-6 Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government--Alternate I NOV 2021 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements JAN 2017 52.204-7 System for Award Management NOV 2024 52.204-10 Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards JUN 2020 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance OCT 2018 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting AUG 2020 52.204-17 Ownership or Control of Offeror AUG 2020 52.204-18 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance AUG 2020 52.204-20 Predecessor of Offeror AUG 2020 52.204-23 Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab and Other Covered Entities DEC 2023 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment NOV 2021 52.204-25 Prohibition of Contracting for Certain Telecomunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment NOV 2021 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services--Representation OCT 2020 52.204-29 Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders—Representation and Disclosures. DEC 2023 52.204-30 Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders—Prohibition DEC 2023 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment JAN 2025 52.209-7 Information Regarding Responsibility Matters OCT 2018 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations NOV 2015 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services SEP 2023 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services NOV 2021 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION) MAR 2025 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services--Alternate I FEB 2024 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services--Alternate I NOV 2021 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services OCT 2025 - FAR 52.212-5 Deviation CD 2025-O0003 52.216-18 Ordering AUG 2020 52.216-19 Order Limitations OCT 1995 52.216-22 Indefinite Quantity OCT 1995 52.216-31 T&M/LH Proposal Requirements—Commercial Acquisition NOV 2021 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services NOV 1999 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract MAR 2000 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside NOV 2020 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns JAN 2025 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (DEVIATION 2021-O0008) SEP 2021 52.219-28 Post-Award Small Business Program Rerepresentation JAN 2025 52.222-3 Convict Labor June 2003 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans JUN 2020 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities JUN 2020 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans JUN 2020 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards AUG 2018 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires MAY 2014 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards—Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) AUG 2018 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons OCT 2025 52.222-55 Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 JAN 2022 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 JAN 2022 52.223-12 Maintenance, Service, Repair, or Disposal of Refrigeration Equipment and Air Conditioners MAY 2024 52.223-20 Aerosols MAY 2024 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services (DEVIATION) MAR 2025 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving MAY 2024 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management OCT 2018 52.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations JUN 2013 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors MAR 2023 52.233-3 Protest after Award AUG 1996 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim OCT 2004 52.240-1 Prohibition on Unmanned Aircraft Systems Manufactured or Assembled by American Security Drone Act—Covered Foreign Entities NOV 2024 52.252-5 Authorized Deviations in Provisions NOV 2020 Applicable DFARS Provisions & clauses: 252.201-7000 Contracting Officer's Representative DEC 1991 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials SEP 2011 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights DEC 2022 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials SEP 2022 252.204-7003 Control of Government Personnel Work Product APR 1992 252.204-7004 Antiterrorism Awareness Training for Contractors JAN 2023 252.204-7008 Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls OCT 2016 252.204-7012 Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting (DEVIATION 2024-O0013, Rev 1) MAY 2024 252.204-7014 Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Information by Litigation Support Contractors JAN 2023 252.204-7015 Notice of Authorized Disclosure of Information for Litigation Support JAN 2023 252.204-7016 Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services--Representation DEC 2019 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services--Representation MAY 2021 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services JAN 2023 252.204-7019 Notice of NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements NOV 2023 252.204-7020 NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements NOV 2023 252.204-7024 Notice on the use of the Supplier Performance Risk System MAR 2023 252.215-7008 Only One Offer DEC 2022 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium JAN 2023 252.225-7000 Buy American--Balance of Payments Program Certificate--Basic FEB 2024 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program--Basic FEB 2024 252.225-7012 Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities APR 2022 252.225-7048 Export-Controlled Items JUN 2013 252.225-7052 Restriction on the Acquisition of Certain Magnets and Tungsten MAY 2024 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime MAY 2022 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime JAN 2023 252.225-7059 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region–Representation JUN 2023 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region JUN 2023 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports DEC 2018 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions JAN 2023 252.237-7010 Prohibition on Interrogation of Detainees by Contractor Personnel JAN 2023 252.243-7002 Requests for Equitable Adjustment DEC 2022 252.244-7000 Subcontracts for Commercial Products or Commercial Services NOV 2023 252.246-7008 Sources of Electronic Parts JAN 2023 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea--Basic OCT 2024 Applicable DLAD Provisions & Clauses: DLAD 5452.233-9001 DISPUTES – AGREEMENT TO USE ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION (JUN 2020) C02 Manufacturing Phase-Out or Discontinuation of Production, Diminishing Sources, and Obsolete Materials or Components (DEC 2016) C03 CONTRACTOR RETENTION OF SUPPLY CHAIN TRACEABILITY DOCUMENTATION (SEP 2016) L06 Agency Protests (DEC 2016) L09 Reverse Auction (OCT 2016)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: James Isola
  - Email: James.Isola@dla.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 4 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: has been updated to incorporate the QASP and Attachment 9 has been added to provide the answers. The QASP can be found under Paragraph 9 Quality Assurance (QA) of the PWS. No other changes at this time. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items/services prepared in accordance with FAR 12 and
- Attachment 2: the Price Schedule and Specifications/Additional Terms. All contractor performance shall be in a safe manner, and in compliance with all applicable Federal, state, and local laws and regulations, and all installation policies. Any/all required documentation and service-related requirements including installation access are the responsibility of the contractor, with coordination as necessary with the site POC. Deliveries must be made during normal installation work hours which are available from the above POC, excluding Federal holidays. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors
- Attachment 3: . VOLUME 2: Past Performance Proposal. (See 1.4 below) (b) Submission of proposal by email should be sent to: james.isola@dla.mil Emailed proposals are to be sent to james.isola@dla.mil
- Attachment 4: contains a past performance survey that is used to evaluate an offeror’s past performance. The offeror shall provide the past performance survey in Attachment 4 to the past performance reference they identify in this part of the proposal for the offeror. The past performance reference shall independently submit the survey to the Contracting Officer prior to the closing date of the solicitation. Any completed past performance survey received after the date of closing or directly from the offeror will not be considered in the past performance evaluation. The US Government will not evaluate a reference listed in the past performance proposal if no corresponding survey is received from a reference for that contract. This will have the effect of the offeror being given a Neutral rating for that portion of their overall evaluation, regardless of the type of experience or its similarity to this requirement. Reference surveys must be received by the due date for receipt of proposals in order for the information to be considered. Offerors are cautioned that due to mail delivery times to the U.S., it is highly recommended that all contract references being asked to provide surveys be asked to scan the documents in Adobe .pdf format and email it to james.isola@dla.mil with a reference to the solicitation, SP4510-26-Q-1007 in the subject heading. (e) The submission of a past performance volume is required. If an offeror does not have any past performance references, offerors must at least identify Volume 2 in their proposal and state they do not have any past performance to provide. If the US Government only receives a past performance survey from a past performance reference and there is no information in an offeror’s proposal regarding that reference (see paragraph above), the reference will not be considered. The offeror is responsible for ensuring references submit past performance surveys; the US Government will not be contacting references for purposes of obtaining the survey. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Items

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/80ea9311935144648753c39249e6c119/view