---
layout: default
title: F999--Gems Technical Assistance
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 975c183b9a3e449880fc9e76273981ec
---

# F999--Gems Technical Assistance

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-01 11:03:35.542-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0412
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI)/SOURCES SOUGHT IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION. THE SUBMISSION OF PRICING, CAPABILITIES FOR PLANNING PURPOSES, AND OTHER MARKET INFORMATION IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. Neither unsolicited proposals nor any other kind of offers will be considered in response to this RFI. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and will not be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked Proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to the RFI will not be returned. At this time, questions concerning the composition and requirements for a future RFQ will not be entertained. SOURCES SOUGHT DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a sources sought/RFI only. The purpose of this sources sought/RFI is to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 541690: Other Scientific & Technical Consulting Services. Responses to this sources sought will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this sources sought, a solicitation announcement may be published. Responses to this sources sought synopsis are not considered adequate responses for a solicitation announcement. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), VISN 05 Network Contracting Office, is seeking sources that can complete requirements Environmental Remediation, Regulatory Compliance (GEMS Technical Assistance) in Support of the Perry Point, Baltimore, and Loch Raven VA Medical Centers (VAMC). and that at a minimum meets the requirements listed under the description section below. The information identified above is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive and to indicate the quality of the supplies/services that will be satisfactory. It is the responsibility of the interested source to demonstrate to the government that the interested parties can provide the supplies/services that fulfill the required specifications. If you are interested and are capable of providing the sought out supplies/services, please provide the requested information as well as the information indicated below. Response to this notice should include: Company name, address of company, point of contact Any small business designation as certified by the Small Business Administration, size of business pursuant to the following question. A through description of experience in managing support requirements of this nature. (1) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.)? Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) receive preference. (2) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? (3) Your FSS GSA/NAC contract number. (4) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (5) Please submit your capabilities in regard to the salient characteristics being provided and any information pertaining to equal to items to establish capabilities for planning purposes? (6) Please review salient characteristics/statement of work (if applicable) and provide feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (7) Please provide your SAM UEI number. (8) Please indicate an estimated timeline of completion for this requirement. CONTACT INFORMATION: Responses to this notice and any questions related to this RFI shall be directed to Cassie White cassie.white@va.gov. All information regarding Capabilities Statements or any other proprietary information relative to this RFI shall be submitted via email to cassie.white@va.gov. Telephone responses shall not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than 10:00 AM EST, 4/10/2026. If a solicitation is issued it shall be announced at a later date, and all interested parties must respond to that solicitation announcement separately from the responses to this sources sought. Responses to this sources sought notice are not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. Description Environmental Remediation, Regulatory Compliance (GEMS Technical Assistance) in Support of the Perry Point, Baltimore, and Loch Raven VA Medical Centers (VAMC). ESTIMATED REQUIREMENTS: Remediation services such as reviewing results from Phase I or II esas Oil-filled equipment and aboveground storage tank removals Overseeing underground storage tank testing and compliance Reviewing design and construction projects for compliance with environmental regulations Signing hazardous waste manifests (for remediation, construction or other VA wastes) Confirmation sampling for compliance with regulations such as RCRA, TSCA, CWA, SDWA, etc. Oversight of laboratory sampling and testing for CWA, SDWA, RCRA, and CAA requirements. Review of pre-design and construction projects for regulatory purposes and permit compliance. Provide other scientific and technical reviews and provide recommendations including but not limited to regulated medical waste and associated items TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS: Key personnel must show at least three years experience working with VAMHCS operations and Maryland environmental regulatory interface as well as expertise in the following disciplines with respect to daily operations at a VA healthcare facility: RCRA CAA Hazardous Pharmaceuticals (NIOSH and RCRA) CWA SDWA ASTs and USTs NEPA TSCA CERCLA ISO 14001 Construction design review for environmental regulatory compliance Other environmental requirements applicable to health care/health care facilities Estimated Period of Performance The period of performance is TBD (to be determined).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Cassie White
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: cassie.white@va.gov
  - Phone: 304-263-0811

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/975c183b9a3e449880fc9e76273981ec/view)