# PARTS KIT, BALL VAL

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 06:07:26.639-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QFC65

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N743.23|WVT|N/A|ALANA.M.BOYER2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|See specification sections C and E| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8||||||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|B| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications Combo - Receiving Report & Invoice - Material|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|N39040 - Certifications, S4306A - Material |N50286|TBD|133.2|N/A|N/A|N39040 - Certifications |N/A|N /A|See DD FORM 1423|PORT_PTNH_WAWF_NOTIFICATION@NAVY.MIL ALANA.M.BOYER2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|One year from date of delivery |One year from date of delivery ||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| WARRANTY OF DATA-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0035) (FEB 2026)|2||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|332919|750|||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| This amendment is issued to update the closing date in regard to drawing publication. 1. DD1423 Data Item A001 (Inspection and Test Plan) may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. 2. Portsmouth NSY's DODAAC has changed from N00102 to N50286. Any reference to N00102 within this order should be updated to N50286. 3. The following proposed delivery schedule applies: Submission of Certification Data CDRLs will be on or before 20 days prior to scheduled delivery. PNSY review/acceptance of Certification CDRLs 6 working days after receipt of Certification DD 1423 CDRLs. Final delivery of material will be on or before 274 days after effective date of the resulting contract. 4. Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be "DO" rated order; "DO" rated order certified for national defense use under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). 5. NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg will be considering past performance in the evaluation of offers. 6. If drawings are included in the solicitation, access needs to be requested on the individual solicitation page on Contracts Opportunities on the Government's beta.SAM website. After requesting access, send an email to the Primary POC listed on the solicitation. 7. This order is issued pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). 8. This is a Level 1 Repair. 9. Please submit: NOT TO EXCEED (NTE) pricing or FIRM FIXED PRICE (FFP). This includes the teardown, evaluation, inspection and full repair of the item to "like new" or "A" condition. See statement of work in solicitation. Please also provide an approximate cost of new item if available. 10. A beyond repair (BR)/ beyond economic repair (BER) price shall also beprovided in addition to the repair price at time submission of quote. 11. Do NOT include the cost for shipping material as the government implementedshipping system or ATAC will be shipping/delivering material. 12. This contract utilizes Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV). See clause NAVSUPWSSFA25 for further details. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.2.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.2.3 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. DRAWING DATA=EB-2000 |96169| C|SP |D|0001 | C|00000|0000000 DRAWING DATA=5959311 |53711| C| |D|0001 | C|00000|0000000 DRAWING DATA=5959311C5 |53711| A|ER |D|0001 | A|00000|0000000 DRAWING DATA=7016077 |53711| B| |D|0001 | B|00000|0000000 DRAWING DATA=7016077B66 |53711| B|ER |D|0001 | B|00000|0000000 DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 | | |B |190424|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 |0020| |B |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B367 | | | |220401|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-B381 | | | |130701|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 REFURBISHED MATERIAL STATEMENT OF WORK (REPAIR SOW) - 3.1.1 INSPECTION - Clean and determine if refurbishment is possible. At disassembly, the Contractor must record all identifying markings found on the parts of each assembly. The Contractor must maintain traceability of these markings to each unit throughout refurbishment. 3.1.2 IDENTIFYING MARKINGS - Part must have a MIC (Material Identification a and Control) code, heat/heat lot code, or unique Contractor traceability number/code that is visible on the part. See Material Traceability in paragraph 3 (Quality Assurance Provisions) of this contract for traceability requirements. The MIC code can consist of a 2, 3, or 4 letter material identifier, 4 or 5 digit Julian date, 3 digit lot serial number, and Certifying Activity Designator (CAD) which will be 1 or 2 letters; the 4 parts are normally separated by hyphens; examples: TIA-3089-30-QQ and ST-06262-506-A. 3.1.3 RE-USEABLE PARTS - - Any parts of the original assembly that are useable (replacement is not necessary), that are properly marked as identified above, and that have material certifications available may be utilized as initially supplied. Certifications are not required to be resubmitted by the contractor. - Any parts of the original assembly that are useable (replacement is not necessary), are properly marked as identified above, but material certifications are not available at the contractor's facility, a waiver must be submitted in accordance with Waiver/Deviation (Configuration Control) requirements specified elsewhere in the Contract. 3.1.4 NON-USEABLE PARTS - -Any parts of the original assembly that are not properly marked as identified above must be replaced and the required certifications must be submitted. - Any parts of the original assembly that are not usable (replacement is necessary) must be replaced and the required certifications must be submitted. 3.1.5 REFURBISHMENT - Upon completion of inspection, this item must be refurbished to be in accordance with ;NAVSEA Drawing 845-7016077 with ER7016077B66, consisting of one Ball Item 2; one Seat Item 114; and one seat Item 115, and liability ER5959311C5; , except as amplified or modified herein. This applies to all "Parts Requiring Certification" as identified elsewhere in this Contract/Purchase Order. 3.1.6 ADDITIONAL SOW REQUIREMENTS - ;Balls which are not usable must be dispositioned and new balls are not to be manufactured under this contract.; 3.2 ;For seats, Items 114 and 115, dimension 1.562 inch nominal must be manufactured to 1.582 +/- 0.005 inch. The stack height requirement of ER7016077B66 does not apply.; 3.3 Material for Parts Requiring Certification - Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis is required for the parts listed below unless specifically stated otherwise: Part - ;Ball - Item 2; Material - Centrifugally cast 6AL-4V, ASTM-B367, Grade C-5, with mechanical properties as listed in Supplimentary Requirements S6 and S8. ;or ASTM-B381, Grade F-5 with the following modified mechanical properties: Ultimate Tensile Strength - 125,000 psi Minimum (Longitudinal direction) Elongation in 4D - 10% Minimum Yield Strength - 115,000 psi Minimum Reduction of Area Minimum 20%; Part - ;Seats (Q3) - Item 114 and Item 115; Material - MC903 (Type 6 cast nylon produced with polyepsilon caprolactam by the direct polymerization process) as manufactured by the Polymer Corporation or equal in accordance with Electric Boat Division Specification 2000. (Properties Specified Below Only) Item Property Test Method Value (A) Melting Point ASTM E794 or ASTM D3418 221 deg C +/- 9 (B) Relative Viscosity ASTM D789 (Notes 1 and 4) 2000 Minimum (C) Specific Gravity ASTM D792 1.15-1.17 at 23 deg C (D) Dimensional Change Notes 2 & 4 0.2% Maximum (E) Tensile Impact ASTM D1822 Type S 80 ft-lbs/in?2 Specimen (Notes 5 & 6) Minimum (Note 3) (F) Tensile Yield Stress ASTM D638 (Note 6) 9000 psi Min. (Note 3) (G) Compressive Strength^ ASTM D695 (Note 6) 9000 psi Min. (Note 3) ^(at 1 percent Offset) (H) Water Absorption 24 hour ASTM D570 1.3 percent Maximum Saturation ASTM D570 7.0 percent Maximum (I) Rockwell "M" Hardness ASTM D785 75 Minimum Note 1: The test specimen must be finely ground particulates. After immersion the material must be checked daily for dissolution and must dissolve no longer than one hundred twenty (120) hours from the start of immersion. Within twenty-four (24) hours of the test specimen determined to be fully dissolved, it must be tested for viscosity. Note 2: Dimensional stability testing must be performed in accordance with the dimensional stability method per ASTM D5989 or equivalent. The percent change in each dimension, outside diameter, inside diameter and thickness must not be greater than the value specified. Note 3: These values are minimum averages. Separate specimens results may vary by 25%. Note 4: Any change to an already established heat or annealing cycle to achieve both relative viscosity and/or dimensional stability must be presented to the procuring activity for approval along with justification for the change. Note 5: Tensile-impact test specimens are to be type S in accordance with ASTM D1822, or round cylindrical specimens in accordance with MIL-DTL-32286, Paragraph 3.8 Note 6: Prior to test, the specimens must be dried in accordance with Federal Specification L-P- 410A, Paragraph 4.4.5. 3.4 Testing Certification - Certifications are required for the following tests on the items listed below. Additional testing on other piece parts (if any) per applicable drawings and specifications is still required, but certifications are only required as listed below. Test - Non-Destructive Tests Item - ;Weld Repair and/or Production Weld (as applicable); Performance - Per applicable fabrication specification Acceptance - Per applicable fabrication specification 3.5 ;Ball outside diameter may be reworked to a minimum of 21.495 inches to refurbish the ball surface to meet drawing requirements and represents a relaxation below the drawing dimension. All other dimensions including Sphericity and concentricity apply. Balls which require reworking beyond the limitation specified herein are to be dispositioned as noted elsewhere in the contract. Defects in the Ball Stem Slot are acceptable if backlash between Ball and Stem does not exceed 5 degrees and defects must not exceed 0.050 inches in depth or cover more than 40 percent of the surface.; 3.6 Ball Spherical Surface Waviness - Unless otherwise specified on drawing, all sealing area surfaces must have a spherical surface waviness which does not exceed 0.0005 inches of height per inch of spherical surface. Roughness and waviness ratings must apply in a direction which yields the maximum rating, normally perpendicular to the lay. 3.7 ;Ball surface waviness must be verified prior to telflon coating.; 3.8 Chemours Company (formerly DuPont) Teflon Coating 850G-204 and 852G-201. Use of Chemours Company (formerly DuPont) Teflon Coating 851N-204 and 852N-201 is acceptable until exhausted - Teflon coating of ball(s) must be in accordance with general note ;2.C; of drawing ;803-5959311; . 3.8.1 Naval Ordnance Systems Command OD 10362 First Revision dated 15 Aug 1961 is provided by Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD018 in ECDS at https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 3.9 A visual inspection shall be performed on the finished seat with acceptance criteria on critical surfaces per CSD167 in the ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/. 3.10 Thread Inspection Requirements - All threads on threaded parts must be inspected using appropriate inspection methods, inspection systems, and inspection gages/instruments in accordance with FED-STD-H28 series. Substitution of thecommercial equivalent inspection in accordance with ASME B1 series is acceptable. 3.10.1 System 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used as a minimum inspection requirement for threads when the design drawing or design specification does not specify an inspection requirement. 3.10.2 For Navy and Shipyard drawings, system 21 of FED-STD-H28/20 may be substituted for System 22 without further Navy approval when the design drawing invokes System 22 and does not cite governing specifications that specifically require system 22. System 22 of FED-STD-H28/20 must be used when the drawing references other governing specifications that specifically require System 22, such as certain thread types of MIL-DTL-1222. 3.10.3 A written request for concurrence must be submitted when utilizing alternative measuring equipment or measuring systems not applicable to the specified inspection system. 3.11 Internal Threads - All internal threads must be formed by cutting. Cold forming of internal threads is not acceptable. 3.12 Welding or Brazing - When welding, brazing, and allied processes are required, as invoked by Section C paragraph 3 requirements, they must be in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, 0900-LP-001-7000 for brazing of piping and pressure vessel applications, or S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 for brazing of other applications. For all production and repair welding and brazing personnel and procedures must be qualified under S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 or 0900-LP-001-7000, as applicable. Procedures and Qualification Data must be submitted for review and approval prior to performing any welding or brazing. 3.13 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.13.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.13.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.13.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change. 3.14 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. 3.15 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. 3.16 NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010 - Any applicable requirements of NAVSHIPS 4410.17,NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010, or 0948-045-7010 which the contractor must meet are included in this contract/purchase order. The above documents are for GovernmentUse Only. Further application of the above documents is prohibited.prohibited. 3.16.1 Marking of material with a Material Designator per the Drawing is also prohibited, with the exception of Fasteners. Fasteners must be marked with a Material Symbol/Designator as specified elsewhere in this contract. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^ 3.17 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Test Certification) - A statement of tests performed, listing the pieces tested must be furnished along with a copy of the test results. Certification must include the contractor's name, address and date, quantity inspected, identified to the contract/purchase order and item number, and the Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature. Test certifications must reference the standard/specification, including the revision, to which the testing was performed and the acceptance criteria used. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. Test reports on weldments must be identified to weld joint and layer. 3.18 Welding Requirements - When production or repair welding is required, the applicable welding procedure(s) and qualification data must be submitted for review and approval. In addition, the CONSUMED WELD METAL C of C as defined below must be submitted as part of the certification OQE package submitted by the Contractor. Note: These requirements do not apply to tack/spot welds when the conditions of Section 4.2.1.1 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 are met. 3.18.1 Approval of the Contractor's qualification data must be obtained prior to performing any welding (production or repair). 3.18.2 If the Contractors qualification data has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the procedures and qualification data report to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable welding procedure and qualification data report identification/number. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. As far as practical, all procedures for the contract must be submitted at the same time. Welding procedures and qualification data must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. The contractor must state the applicability of each weld procedure and qualification data submitted, citing the drawing number and pieces to be welded. (i.e. ''WP-123 and QD-123 are submitted for the weld joint between pieces 1 and 2 on drawing ABC'.' WP-456 and QD-456 are submitted for the hardfacing of piece 3 on drawing XYZ'') 3.18.3 The PCO's authorization for the use of weld procedure(s) and qualification data for the specific application as submitted does not mitigate the vendors responsibility to comply with the requirements of S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248, S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, and the contract. 3.18.4 Authority for the repair of Special Repairs in castings, the repair of wrought material, or the repair of forged material must be obtained via request for waiver from the Procurement Contracting Officer. This request must describe the defect; including size, depth, location, and a description of the proposed repair. Repairs deemed minor or nominal in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 can be made at contractor discretion in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 requirements; however, Weld Procedure Specification (WPS) and Procedure Qualification Record (PQR) submittals are still required. This request for NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted via the Electronic Contractor Data Submission (ECDS) application. 3.18.5 Any new procedure qualification performed under this Contract will require the vendor to provide a minimum 72 hour notification to DCMA with an offer to observe the welding of the test assemblies. The 72 hour time limit may be modified upon mutual agreement between the vendor and DCMA. 3.18.6 When drawings require hardfacing surface Iron or Nickel content not to exceed 5%, the contractor must verify surface Iron or Nickel content by performing chemical testing as defined by the applicable drawing. The chemical test results must be submitted as part of the qualification data. 3.18.7 Additional qualification requirements for production hardfacing thickness less than 1/8-inch: Macro-etch (or legible photomacrographs clearly showing the fusion area) must be submitted for review and show consistent, minimized dilution. All essential elements and any elements not listed in S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 that influence dilution must be in the qualification data and weld procedure, with strict limits placed on each essential element. 3.18.8 Preparation and retention of weld records is required, as specified by paragraph 4.1.3 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278. 3.18.9 When production or repair welding is required on titanium materials, the applicable fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, and active welder qualification must also be submitted for review and approval. 3.18.10 If the contractor's fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, or active welder qualification has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the applicable documentation to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable documentation. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. The contractor's fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, and active welder qualification must be submitted at the same time as the applicable welding procedure(s) and weld procedure qualification data. All documentation must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format, such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. 3.18.11 A Certificate of Compliance is required for all weld filler metals used for production or repair welding, and must include the following: a) Filler Metal LOT number(s) b) Specification and Type c) A positive statement that the vendor has obtained OQE and verified thateach LOT of weld filler material conforms to specification requirements. d) A positive statement verifying that the weld filler metals were the correct material type or grade prior to consumption. 3.18.12 When production welds or repair welds are performed by a subcontractor,the requirement for submission of all certification documentation required herein must be passed down to the subcontractor. 3.19 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-45662, is acceptable as an alternate. 3.19.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/non-acceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.19.2 The Contractor's quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.19.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of Level I/SUBSAFE (LI/SS) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.19.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.19.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require re-submittal to the PCO and concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption. 3.20 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. Inspection records must be traceable to the material inspected. 3.20.1 The supplier's gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.20.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative. 3.21 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately." 3.22 The prime contractor's program must include procedures to assess the capability of the prospective suppliers to produce the products or supply the services in accordance with the contract, prior to the issuance of any purchase document. 3.22.1 Each sub-tier supplier of material or services for items in Section 3 of this contract must be subjected to a periodic review or audit by the Prime to determine the continued capability of the supplier to control the quality of the products or services specified in the purchase order or contract. 3.22.2 The prime contractor must ensure that the purchased product conforms to specified purchase requirements and this contract. The type and extent of control applied to the supplier and the purchased produc...

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6111354106e94ccbaa4459e5d6093b04/view