---
layout: default
title: SOURCES SOUGHT FOR INDEFINITE DELIVERY INDEFINITE QUANTITY (IDIQ) FOR ROOF REPAIRS AND REPLACEMENT CONTRACT FOR NAVFAC MIDLANT GREAT LAKES AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY (AOR)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 414391a5a7834a668018977936b99846
---

# SOURCES SOUGHT FOR INDEFINITE DELIVERY INDEFINITE QUANTITY (IDIQ) FOR ROOF REPAIRS AND REPLACEMENT CONTRACT FOR NAVFAC MIDLANT GREAT LAKES AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY (AOR)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-01 14:20:07.443-04
- Solicitation Number: N4008526R0140

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT FOR INDEFINITE DELIVERY INDEFINITE QUANTITY (IDIQ) FOR ROOF REPAIRS AND REPLACEMENT CONTRACT FOR NAVFAC MIDLANT GREAT LAKES AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY (AOR) THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. THERE WILL NOT BE A SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATIONS, OR DRAWINGS AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. The intent of this notice is to conduct market research to determine if sources capable of satisfying this agency’s requirements exist. The Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command, Mid-Atlantic is seeking eligible Small Businesses capable of performing roofing services for an Indefinite-Delivery Indefinite-Quantity Roof Repairs and Replacement Contract primarily performed in the NAVFAC MIDLANT Great Lakes Area of Responsibility (AOR) including Michigan, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio and Kentucky. Some work could be located in other areas within the NAVFAC MIDLANT’s AOR as approved by the Contracting Officer. All service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses (SDVOSB), certified HUB-Zone, certified 8(a), women-owned small businesses (WOSB), and small businesses are encouraged to respond. Upon review of industry responses to this sources sought notice, the Government will determine whether set-aside procurement in lieu of full and open competition is in the Government’s best interest. Large business submittals will not be considered. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information received from potential sources as a result of this synopsis. The information provided in this notice is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for or award a contract. No drawings or specifications will be made available at this time. The Government will not provide debriefs on the results of this research, but feedback regarding the decision to set aside or not set aside the procurement will be accomplished via pre-solicitation synopsis or solicitation for these services, as applicable. All information submitted will be held in a confidential manner and will only be used for the purpose intended. An Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract for Roof Repairs and Replacement in the NAVFAC MIDLANT Great Lakes Area of Responsibility (AOR) is anticipated. The total contract term is anticipated to be five years; a base year with four option years. General Work Requirements: This is an Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contract. Work includes, but is not limited to, a diverse range of projects for demolition, repair, replacement, modification, and new installation of various roof repairs and replacement systems including incidental work such as general construction, specialty trades, and removal of hazardous materials (asbestos, Polychlorinated Biphenyls (PCBs) and lead contaminated materials). Work also includes, but is not limited to, a diverse range of projects for repair, replacement, and modification of Building Envelope Repairs including tuckpointing, foundations, parapets, wood/mental banding, lintels, sills, flashing, headers, terracotta parapet, windows, doors, facades, brickwork, walls, thermal membranes, masonry, stairs, railings, etc. Projects shall be in conformance with all applicable referenced criteria per the construction standards, laws and regulations, including applicable building, fire life safety codes, and environmental regulations. Types of buildings and facilities include administrative, industrial, warehouses, maintenance, communications, schools, training centers, education centers, personnel support, medical, dental, recreational, food services, training areas/ranges, roads, etc. The Contractor shall provide all labor, materials, equipment, tools, transportation, supervision, safety, safety measures including gas free certification for all confined spaces, surveys, scoping, layout work, testing, and management necessary to fulfill the requirements of task orders issued by the Contracting Officer under this contract. The Government contemplates that one contract will be awarded for this solicitation. The projects shall be administered by the specific base location of the work. In accordance with DFARS Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) 236.204(ii), the total estimated magnitude of construction for this contract (base period plus option years) is between $25,000,000 and $100,000,000. The anticipated award of this contract is November 2026. The primary North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this procurement is 238160 – Roofing Contractors, and the Small Business Size Standard is $19,000,000. The procurement method to be utilized is RFO Part 15, Contracting by Negotiation. Should the resulting solicitation be a set-aside for small business or 8(a) concerns, the resulting contract will include RFO 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting, which currently requires a small business concern to perform at least 15 percent of the cost of the contract, not including the cost of materials, with its own employees. If adequate interest is not received from Small Business concerns, the solicitation will be issued as unrestricted without further notice. Interested sources are invited to respond to this sources sought announcement by using the forms provided under separate files titled Sources Sought Contractor Information Form (form attached) and Project Information Form (form attached). These forms are required. Information not provided may prohibit your firm from consideration. If you are submitting as a mentor-protégé joint venture under the 8(a) program, you must provide SBA approval of the mentor-protégé agreement to be considered as small for this procurement. For more information on the definitions or requirements for these small business programs refer to http://www.sba.gov/. Responses must include identification and verification of the firm’s small business status. The following information shall be provided: 1. Contractor Information: Provide your firm’s contact information including Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and CAGE Code. 2. Type of Business: Identify whether your firm is a Small Business, SBA certified 8(a), SBA certified HUBZone, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, and/or Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business, or Women-Owned Small Business concern. 3. Bonding Capacity: Provide your surety’s name, your maximum bonding capacity per project and your aggregate maximum bonding capacity. 4. Construction Experience: Submit a minimum of three (3) up to a maximum of five (5) relevant construction projects your firm has performed to best demonstrate your experience on relevant projects that are similar in size, scope, and complexity. With the exception of 13 CFR 125.2(g) below, experience of proposed subcontractors will not be considered. Furthermore, the Offeror’s experience as a subcontractor will not be considered. For each of the submitted relevant projects (a maximum of five (5) projects), ensure that the form is completed in its entirety for each project and limited to two pages per project. Ensure that the project description clearly identifies whether or not the project is new construction, a repair or renovation, provides the final construction cost, and addresses how the project meets the scope/complexity. A relevant project is defined as a construction project performed under a single task order or contract. For multiple award and indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity type contracts, the contract as a whole shall not be submitted as a project and will not be considered; rather, Offerors shall submit the work performed under a task order as a project. Recent is defined as having been 100% completed within the last seven (7) years prior to the sources sought submission due date. A relevant project is further defined as: Size: A final construction cost of $100,000 or greater. At least one (1) project must have a final construction cost of $1,000,000 or greater. Scope/Complexity: Demonstrate relevant experience with roofing and building envelope repair/replacements. A relevant project for roofing is further defined as demonstrating the capability to repair and replace roofs such as thermoset roofs, thermoplastic roofs, fluid applied roofs, hydrostatic and hydrokinetic metal roofs, and bituminous layered roofs. Provide at least one project demonstrating sloped roof construction (greater than 1/3 pitch) and at least one project demonstrating low-slope roof (less than or equal to 1/3 pitch). A relevant project for envelope repair is further defined as demonstrating the capability to repair building envelope features such as masonry tuckpointing, brickwork replacement, structural foundation repairs, lintel and sill replacements, terracotta parapet repairs, and window replacements. All repairs and replacements are performed in and around occupied and various types of buildings (at least one (1) project). In addition, provide a brief narrative response to discuss the following items: A capability statement that demonstrates the company owns and employs the appropriate labor and equipment to execute workload Note: Capability will only be satisfied on projects that are considered relevant in terms of size/scope /complexity and completed within the specified time period. For purposes of evaluating capability, the “Offeror” is defined as the prime contractor that demonstrates experience on relevant projects that meet size, scope and complexity. In accordance with 13 CFR 125.2(g), small business Offerors may utilize the experience of a small business first-tier subcontractor(s) to demonstrate experience under this capability evaluation if the Offeror cannot independently satisfy the experience requirement as defined above. In order to utilize the experience of a small business first-tier subcontractor(s), the offeror must specifically identify the proposed small business first-tier contractor(s) in its capability package in accordance with this notice. The Offeror or, if a small business Offeror, its small business first-tier subcontractor, shall have been the prime contractor on all submitted projects. The Government notes that 13 CFR 125.2(g) is specific to only small business Offerors and named small business first-tier subcontractors. As such, the small business Offeror is not permitted to use the experience of a large business subcontractor or large business corporate affiliate in place of its own if the small business Offeror cannot independently satisfy the experience requirement as defined above. Please note that if you are responding as an 8(a) Mentor-Protégé, you must indicate the percentage of work to be performed by the protégé. A copy of the SBA letter stating that your 8(a) Mentor-Protégé agreement has been approved would be required with your proposal, if requested. This notice is a market research tool being used to determine the availability and adequacy of potential small business sources prior to determining the method of acquisition and ultimate issuance of an award. Upon review of industry response to this sources sought notice, the Government will determine whether set-aside procurement in lieu of full and open competition is in the Government’s best interest. The Government will use responses to this Sources Sought Synopsis to make appropriate acquisition decisions. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information received from potential sources as a result of this notice. The Capabilities Statement for this sources sought is not expected to be a proposal, but rather short statements regarding the company’s ability to demonstrate existing-or-developed expertise and experience in relation to the areas specified herein. Submission of a Capabilities Statement is not a prerequisite to any potential future offerings, but participation will assist the Government in tailoring requirements to be consistent with industry capabilities. Responses are due on 16 April 2025 by 2:00 P.M. local time. The submission package shall ONLY be submitted electronically to Chamel Adams at chamel.r.adams.civ@us.navy.mil and MUST be limited to a 4Mb attachment. You are encouraged to request a "read receipt." Responses received after the deadline or without the required information will not be considered. Questions or comments regarding this notice may be addressed by email to chamel.r.adams.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Chamel Adams
  - Email: chamel.r.adams.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573411667
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kristy Gerrek
  - Email: kristy.l.gerrek.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573410089

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/414391a5a7834a668018977936b99846/view)