---
layout: default
title: White City Southern Oregon Rehabilitation Center and Clinics Seismic Upgrades
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: e686e27a011e4f25b0dadfb7b392a6c8
---

# White City Southern Oregon Rehabilitation Center and Clinics Seismic Upgrades

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 14:24:11.903-04
- Solicitation Number: W9127N26RA012

## Summary

Pre-solicitation Synopsis The govenment is currently scrubbing the solicitation for the DFARS Revolutionary FAR Overhaul Class Deviations. Once our systems have been updated and internal processes are completed, we anticipate release of the solicitation on PIEE. Notice on CMMC Level: The CMMC requirements for this project have been removed and we do not anticipate them being included in this solicitation. - - - - - - - Note: this is a duplicate of Presolicition Notice ID W9127N26R1B0P, which was an incorrect ID: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cf1df0ddb6624b1e85891a2bd2f0faf6/view. All information has been transfered to this notification with the corrected Solicitation Notice ID W9127N26A012.* - - - - - - - The U.S. Army Corps of Engineer (USACE) Portland District intends to solicit construction firms who are interested in submitting a competitive firm-fixed-price proposal for this project. This PRESOLICITATION announcement is for the construction/modification of the Veteran’s Affairs Southern Oregon Rehabilitation Center and Clinics (SORCC) Seismic Upgrades located in White City, OR. Note, previous Notice IDs for this project on SAM.gov include W9127N25RA034 and W9127N25R0008. These are all the same project, White City VA SORCC Seismic Upgrade Project Scope: The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Portland District, has a requirement for a contractor to design and build two (2) new buildings, B300 and B301, three (3) new connecting corridors, and a new surface parking lot of the VA SORCC in White City, OR. Details below. SITE WORK AND DEMOLITION.? Includes sitework to accommodate pedestrian and vehicular access to the new B300 and B301, demolition of two (2) buildings and four (4) existing connecting corridors totaling approximately 46,500 building gross square feet (BGSF)? demolition of existing parking lots G and O, construction of a new surface parking lot with 188 spaces, re-alignment and/or reconstruction of roads, sidewalks, pathways, drainage and intersection; upgrades to the existing and/or construction of new utilities, landscape, and grading plans.? CONSTRUCTION OF NEW B300 SUPPORT BUILDING.? Includes the new B300 with approximately 80,074 BGSF and two (2) new two-story connecting corridors totaling approximately 4,388 BGSF.? The following departments will be moving into the new B300:? Office of Information Technology (Campus Main Computer Room), Engineering Service, Environmental Management Services, Business Office Service, Organizational Development, Voluntary Service, Quality Management Admin Service, and Police Service.? CONSTRUCTION OF B301 PRIMARY AND SPECIALTY CARE BUILDING.? Includes the new B301 with approximately 96,946 BGSF, one (1) new connecting corridor (approximately 1,400 BGSF), and renovation of a portion of the existing building B201A (approximately 1,000 BGSF). The new B301 will house SORCC’s Primary Care, Radiology, Dental, and Pharmacy functions.? Acquisition Strategy: This acquisition will be an unrestricted competitively negotiated procurement using two-phase Design-Build (D-B) selection procedures and will result in the award of one (1) Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP), D-B contract. This acquisition will use a Best Value Trade-Off (BVTO) method of procurement in accordance with FAR Part 15 and two-phase D-B procedures in FAR Subpart 36.3.? The factors used for proposal evaluation will be completed in two (2) phases: 1) Phase I factors include: Designer of Record (DOR)/Design Approach and 2) Past Performance. Phase II factors include 1) Concept Design Narrative, 2) Concept Design Drawings, 3) Concept Schedule, 4) SB Commitment Plan (SBCP), 5) Project Labor Agreement (PLA), and 6) Cost/Price. This acquisition will result in a single fixed-price contract. Stipends: The government anticipates that stipends will be utilized, contingent on meeting specific requirements, for Phase 2 with a projected amount of $400,000. Target Ceiling Price: The target ceiling for the total contract award, to include design and construction, is $260M. Period of Performance: 47 Months Set Asides and Codes: The North American Industrial Classification Code (NAICS) for this potential requirement would be 236220– “Commercial and Institutional Building Construction”. The related size standard is $45M. The PSC is Y1DA “Construction of Hospitals and Infirmaries”. Solicitations Procedures: Utilization of the Solicitation Module of the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) Module: This procurement will require offerors to submit all proposal documents electronically through the PIEE Solicitation Module. Offerors shall either self-register for a PIEE account and add the appropriate roles, or for existing PIEE users, access their account and add additional roles. There are two vendor roles required for access – Proposal Manager and Proposal View Only. The Proposal Manager role is required to submit an offer to a solicitation posted in the PIEE Solicitation Module. Further details are provided not only in the Vendor Access Instructions but also via PIEE's Web Based Training module (https://pieetraining.eb.mil/wbt) under the “Award” heading and “Solicitation” link (https://pieetraining.eb.mil/wbt/xhtml/wbt/sol/index.xhtml). For instructions on how to post an offer, please refer to the Posting Offer demo: https://pieetraining.eb.mil/wbt/sol/Posting_Offer.pdf Release and Submittal Dates: Phase 1 of the solicitation is tentatively scheduled for release at the back half of 2Q 2026, with Phase 1 proposals due 60 days after release. Phase 2 of the solicitation is tentatively scheduled for release, via an Amendment to those down selected during 3Q 2026, with Phase 2 proposals due 120 days after release. Anticipate award 3Q 2027. Industry Engagement: The government held an in-person Industry Day prior to release of the solicitation on 22 January 2026. at the USACE Portland District Headquarters building. Visit the linked SAM posting for additional information such as presented slides: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e412761e8f844472a66bfaefa3c7dc92/view. If an attendance list is posted from this industry day, it will be on the link above, but it will not be broken down by which programs the companies were interested in, or events they attened. For a more accurate list of companies interested in this project, see the attached vendor list from the virtual industry day held in April 2025. A thirdt Industry Day, with more detailed information for this project, will be posted the first week of February 2026. USACE and the VA have teamed up to record an updated presentation of the industry day from May 2025. It will be pre-recorded and posted on SAM.gov. System for Award Management (SAM): Offerors must be actively registered in the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ prior to submission of bids and prior to receiving an award. (DELETED) Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC): Pursuant to USACE Operations Order (OPORD) 2026-03, Implementation of Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC), this acquisition includes Federal Contract Information (FCI) and Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) as determined by the Project Manager via the Information Security (INFOSEC) Requirements Form for this procurement.? Consequently, offerors must have the required CMMC Level Self-Assessment to be eligible for potential contract award.?The CMMC Level is curently anticiapted to be CMMC Level 2 (Self) Certified. Any updates to this will be posted to this Pre-Solicitation. The final determination will be noted on the first page, Block 10 of the SF1449 of the Soliciation. DFARS provisions 252.204-7008, Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls, 252.204-7019, Notice of NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements, and 252.204-7025, Notice of Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification Level Requirements are included in the solicitation.? FAR clause 52.204-21 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems is also in the RFP.? DFARS clauses 252.204-7012, Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting (Deviation 2024-O0013), 252.204-7020 NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements, and 252.204-7021 Contractor Compliance With the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification Level Requirements will be included in the solicitation. Point of Contact: The USACE-NWP Contracting Office will be the sole point of contact for this action. E-mail responses to the Primary Point of Contact, Nicole Adams at Nicole.A.Adams@usace.army.mil and the Jaren Bowman at Jaren.L.Bowman@usace.army.mil. E -mail is the preferred method for receiving responses to this pre-solicitation notice. THIS PRE-SOLICITATION NOTICE IS FOR THE PURPOSE OF INFORMING INDUSTRY THAT THIS SOLICITATION WILL BE POSTED ON SAM.GOV AROUND THE END OF MARCH 2026. THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS, AND ANY PROPOSALS RECEIVED AS A RESULT OF THIS PRE-SOLICITATION NOTICE WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED OR EVALUATED. THE GOVERNMENT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CANCEL THIS SOLICITATION EITHER BEFORE OR AFTER THE CLOSING DATE. NO REIMBURSEMENT WILL BE MADE FOR ANY COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH PROVIDING INFORMATION IN RESPONSE TO THIS PRESOLICITATION NOTICE OR ANY FOLLOW-UP INFORMATION REQUEST.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nicole Adams
  - Email: Nicole.A.Adams@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jaren Bowman
  - Email: Jaren.L.Bowman@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e686e27a011e4f25b0dadfb7b392a6c8/view)