---
layout: default
title: 48 RQS Hydraulic Test Stand
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 85a4d4f13e2f4904ae419c3ad201432d
---

# 48 RQS Hydraulic Test Stand

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 19:11:08.661-04
- Solicitation Number: FA487726QA044

## Summary

This is a solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and additional written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation FA4877-26-Q-A044 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). This solicitation document incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-01 effective 13 March 2026, DFARS provisions and clauses in effect 11/10/2025, and DAFFARS provisions and clauses in effect 10/16/2024. Additionally, RFO updates and R-DFARS deviations applicable to this solicitation are dated on or after 2/01/2026 This procurement is being issued as Brand Name Only utilizing a Total Small Business Set-Aside. The North American Industry Classification System Code is 336413 with a size standard of 1,250 personnel. The right to make multiple or no award is reserved in the event it is advantageous to the Government to do so. Davis-Monthan Air Force Base intends to award a firm-fixed price contract for the following: CLIN 0001: Hydraulic Test Stand Model (52211AA3B): COUPLINGS (AA SINGLE SYSTEM) 440/460VAC/3PH/60HZ 50 FT HOSE SINGLE SYSTEM CLIN 0002: Ultimate Care Gold Plan (Tronair) The government will place an order with the quoter whose quote meets lowest price and technical acceptability. Technical acceptability is defined and referred to within this solicitation document as the quoter’s capability statement to procure the defined equipment items. Important Dates/Times (All Times are Pacific Daylight Time) All questions must be submitted by email no later than 27 March 2026, 1:00 PM. All quotes must be submitted via email no later than 31 March 2026, 1:00 PM. It is the responsibility of the quoter to review the posting for any changes or amendments that may occur concerning this RFQ. It is the responsibility of the quoter to ensure all quotes and/or questions are submitted in a timely manner by specified due date. Point of Contacts: Primary: TSgt Cody A. Daraban, cody.daraban@us.af.mil, 520-228-5405 Alternate: Mr. Micky L. Hallman, micky.hallman.1@us.af.mil, 520-228-2214 Attachments: Provisions and Clauses Quotes must include the following vendor information: Company Name, Company Address, CAGE Code, Small Business Type. Quotes must not exceed 4 pages (including cover page). 52.212-2 Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation) (Feb 2026) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible quoter whose quote conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotes: technical capability of the service quoted to meet the Government requirement; price; The lowest priced quote will be evaluated for technical acceptability and best value to the Government. If found technically acceptable and found to be the best value award will be made without further consideration. If found technically unacceptable the government will evaluate the next lowest quote for technical acceptability until award can be made to the lowest priced technically acceptable quoter. Past Performance will not be evaluated. Therefore, the quoter’s initial quote should contain the quoter’s best terms from a price and technical standpoint. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if later determined by the Contracting Officer to be necessary. Quotes that fail to furnish required representations or information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. Options. Not applicable. A written notice of award or acceptance of a quote, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful quoter within the time for acceptance specified in the quote, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the quoter's specified expiration time, the Government may accept a quote (or part of a quote), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of Provision) 5352.201-9101 ACC Ombudsman (Oct 2019) An ombudsman has been appointed to hear and facilitate the resolution of concerns from quoters, potential quoters, and others for this acquisition. When requested, the ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The existence of the ombudsman does not affect the authority of the program manager, contracting officer, or source selection official. Further, the ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals, the source selection process, or the adjudication of protests or formal contract disputes. The ombudsman may refer the interested party to another official who can resolve the concern. Before consulting with an ombudsman, interested parties must first address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the contracting officer for resolution. Consulting an ombudsman does not alter or postpone the timelines for any other processes (e.g., agency level bid protests, GAO bid protests, requests for debriefings, employee-employer actions, contests of OMB Circular A-76 competition performance decisions). If resolution cannot be made by the contracting officer, the interested party may contact the ombudsman, Deputy Director of Contracting, AFICC /KC (OL-ACC), 114 Thompson Street, Bldg 586, Room 129, Langley AFB, VA 23665, telephone (757) 764-5372 (DSN 574-5372) email: acc. a7k1@us.af.mil. Concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations that cannot be resolved at the Center/MAJCOM/DRU/SMC ombudsman level, may be brought by the interested party for further consideration to the Air Force ombudsman, Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary (ADAS) (Contracting), SAF/AQC, 1060 Air Force Pentagon, Washington DC 20330-1060, phone number (571) 256-2395, facsimile number (571) 256- 2431. The ombudsman has no authority to render a decision that binds the agency. Do not contact the ombudsman to request copies of the solicitation, verify quote due date, or clarify technical requirements. Such inquiries shall be directed to the contracting officer. (End of clause) 5352.223-9000 ELIMINATION OF USE OF CLASS I OZONE DEPLETING SUBSTANCES (ODS) (JUN 2024) Contractors shall not: Provide any service or product with any specification, standard, drawing, or other document that requires the use of a Class I ODS in the test, operation, or maintenance of any system, subsystem, item, component, or process; or Provide any specification, standard, drawing, or other document that establishes a test, operation, or maintenance requirement that can only be met by use of a Class I ODS as part of this contract/order. For the purposes of Department of the Air Force policy, the following products that are pure (i.e., they meet the relevant product specification identified in AFI 32-7086) are Class I ODSs: Halons: 1011, 1202, 1211, 1301, and 2402; Chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs): CFC-11, CFC-12, CFC-13, CFC-111, CFC-112, CFC-113, CFC-114, CFC-115, CFC-211, CFC-212, CFC-213, CFC-214, CFC-215, CFC-216, and CFC-217, and the blends R-500, R-501, R-502, and R-503; and Carbon Tetrachloride, Methyl Chloroform, and Methyl Bromide. [NOTE: Material that uses one or more of these Class I ODSs as minor constituents do not meet the Department of the Air Force definition of a Class I ODS.] (End of Clause)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Cody Daraban
  - Email: cody.daraban@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 5202285405
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Micky Hallman
  - Email: micky.hallman.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 5202282214

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/85a4d4f13e2f4904ae419c3ad201432d/view)