---
layout: default
title: 6525--VHA Enterprise Mammography Tracking System (VA-26-00046145) New Action
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9d372e88818f4003868cec5818889602
---

# 6525--VHA Enterprise Mammography Tracking System (VA-26-00046145) New Action

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-10 15:34:18.838-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10B26Q0339
- Awardee: null

## Summary

The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Office of Procurement Acquisition and Logistics, Technology Acquisition Center (TAC), located at 23 Christopher Way, Eatontown, New Jersey, is conducting market research to identify potential sources capable of providing an Enterprise Mammography Tracking & Reporting System. Currently, VA is contemplating a potential requirement for requires an Enterprise Mammography Tracking and Reporting System, software licenses, installation and technical services, and training. The MTRS will provide radiologists and clinical staff with enhanced tools to efficiently manage and monitor VHA mammography programs. The anticipated Period of Performance shall be 12 months from the date of award, with four 12-month option periods, and four Optional Tasks that may be exercised anytime during performance. The potential North American Industrial Classification (NAICS) for this effort is 6525. See specific requirements in the attached DRAFT Performance Work Statement (PWS). This Sources Sought notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes. Do not submit a proposal. This notice does not constitute an Invitation for Bid, Request for Task Execution Plan, Request for Quotation, or Request for Proposal, and shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to award a contract or otherwise acquire any products or services. In accordance with Revolutionary Federal Acquisition Regulation Overhaul VA Class Deviation (RFO) 15.101(c), responses are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The Government will not reimburse any costs incurred in responding to this notice; all participation is strictly voluntary. No funds have been authorized, appropriated, or received for this effort. Respondents are responsible for properly marking proprietary, restricted, or competition-sensitive information. Information marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Any Service-Disabled Veteran-owned small businessesÂ (SDVOSBs) or Veteran-owned small businesses (VOSBs) responding to this RFI must includeÂ their intent and ability to meet set-aside requirements for performance of this effort in accordanceÂ with the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) 852.219-73, VA Notice of Total Set-Aside for Certified SDVOSB (DEVIATION) or 852.219-74, VA Notice of Total Set-Aside for Certified VOSB; specifically the requirement for at leastÂ 50% of the cost of manufacturing or 50% of the services be performed by yourself and/or otherÂ eligible/verified SDVOSB/VOSB concerns; and be listed in the Small Business Administration certification database at the time of submission.Â HOW TO RESPOND Respondents are encouraged to reply if they have the capabilities to meet the VA s requirements. Provide a clear, concise, and complete capability package. Respondents shall submit a capability statement limited to 10 pages (excluding transmittal page) describing your company s ability to meet the requirements outlined in this RFI. Include the following in your response: Company Information: Provide Company Information name, address, email, and telephone number CAGE/UEI Number under which the company is registered in SAM.gov. Point of contact having the authority and knowledge to clarify responses with VA representatives. For small business concerns, indicate whether at least 50% of the total amount paid by the Government will be paid to firms that are similarly situated. Company Business Size and socioeconomic status, including business type(s)/certifications(s) such as SDB, 8(a), HUBZone, SDVOSB, WOSB, etc. If a small business, clearly identify what socioeconomic category you are recommending for this effort. If a small business, are you able to comply with RFO 52.219-6 and 52.219-14 in execution of this effort? Are you able to comply with subcontracting limitations in 13 CFR 125.6 in execution of this effort? Identify if your company is the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) of the solution or a reseller? If you are the OEM, identify whether you have any resellers available. Identify existing contract vehicle(s) in which you are a current contract holder that can be used to procure the required services (i.e., General Services Administration Multiple Award Schedule, Government Wide Acquisition Contract, NASA Solution for Enterprise-Wide Procurement (SEWP) Government-Wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), etc.). Your company s intent and ability to meet the set aside requirement in accordance with VAAR 852.219-73 (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) and 13 CFR Â§125.6, which states the contractor will not pay more than 50 percent of the amount paid by the Government to it to firms that are not SDVOSBs. Brief detailed summary describing your company s approach to meeting the requirements. Responses should be as complete and informative as possible. Does the draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) provide sufficient detail to describe the technical and functional requirements that encompass the requirement? If NO , please provide your technical and functional comments, recommendations, and or questions on elements of the draft PWS that may contribute to a more accurate proposal submission and efficient, cost-effective effort. Provide commercially available list pricing for the solution that can meet the Government s minimum requirements, including recommended quantities and unit pricing. If commercially available list pricing is not available, provide a Rough Order of Magnitude, and any additional anticipated costs to meet the Governments minimum requirements Respondents are requested to identify any additional information considered applicable to this RFI. INSTRUCTIONS FOR SUBMITTING QUESTIONS AND RESPONSES Do not wait until the last minute to submit your responses. To avoid submission of late responses, we recommend the transmission of your response file 24 hours prior to the required response due date and time.Â Please be advised that timeliness is determined by the date and time an Offeror s response is received by the Government not when an Offeror attempted transmission. Offerors are encouraged to review and ensure that sufficient bandwidth is available on their end of the transmission. Questions and response shall be submitted via email to Terricia Lloyd, Terricia.Lloyd@va.gov. Information submitted any other method will not be considered. Submit questions no later than 10:00 am EST on April 20, 2026. Submit response no later than 10:00 am EST on April 27, 2026. The VA reserves the right to not respond to any, all, or select responses or materials submitted. All VA current requirements identified herein are subject to change at any time. VA appreciates your time and anticipated response.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Terricia S Lloyd
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Terricia.Lloyd@va.gov
  - Phone: 512-981-4453

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9d372e88818f4003868cec5818889602/view)