---
layout: default
title: J041--Chiller 7 & Pumps Replacement RFQ
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 7fe51040b6eb4913a847f31e9458d7cd
---

# J041--Chiller 7 & Pumps Replacement RFQ

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 09:12:26.074-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24926Q0155
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Contractor Questions and Government Answers Government Answers provided to the best of our knowledge, Contractor is responsible for field verification of all existing conditions to confirm accuracy.Â A site visit is highly recommended. Is this a brand-new contract OR is (was) there an incumbent performing these services? This is a new, stand alone requirement for the replacement of Chiller #7. If not brand-new, can you please provide the current/previous contract number? N/A as this is a brand new contract. The following questions (4-15) are for some clarification on the SOW: Provide new Chiller: York Chiller Air Cooled Screw Chiller - Model: YVAA0213. Is this a Sole Source requirementÂ or are or equal chillers acceptable? LIKE FOR LIKE What is the specific tonnage required for the chiller?

212.1 What is the operating conditions for the chiller: Entering/Leaving water temperature, GPM flow rate, voltage, amperage and disconnect size? EWT 54 Degrees and LWT 44 Degrees, GPM 510-520,460 V and 400-450A Disconnect. Where is the disconnecting means for the chiller? Beside the chiller on the ACRE building roof. Provide labor and equipment, on a Saturday, to demolish existing chiller #7 and with the use of a crane, remove from roof and haul chiller off site. Where on the roof is the chiller located? Roof of the ACRE Building Where is the crane to be set up? In between the VA Hospital and Vanderbilt Hospital Where is access for crane to be located on site? North end of the VA Hospital Is there any time frame for the crane to be on site? Coordinate with COR Set structural steel additional pieces, piping, and accessories on roof. What is the steel that is required? Is it to be galvanized? What is the size of the steel members? Are they beams, angle, tube, etc? Existing Steel is galvanized I-beam 16 main and 8 crossbeam. Contractor responsible for appropriate new steel required for safe and complete chiller installation in adherence with all applicable codes and regulations. Provide labor, material, and tools to fabricate and reconfigure existing structural steel due to the fact the new chiller is wider than the existing. What reconfiguration is required? Same location New isolation springs will be provided and installed prior to setting up the chiller. Are isolators to be provided by VA or Contractor? Contractor What are specifications for the isolators and how many to be installed? Specifications (load rating, deflection, quantity) shall match chiller manufacturer recommendations for this model and meet all applicable codes, regulations, and industry standards. Crane will also fly new pumps up to roof to transport to mechanical room. How many pumps? 2 Are they end suction, double suction or inline type? The existing pumps are inline What is the flow rate in GPM, HD of pump, voltage, amperage and disconnect? New pumps should be approx. 500 gpm at 70 ft head, to be adjusted by Contractor appropriately if there is a significant change in pressure drop resulting from the installation of this new chiller. VFDs should be provided for each pump to allow for modulation to desired flow conditions. Where is the Mechanical Room Located, what is the access, how far from crane lift to the Mechanical Room? F10, 80FT Are these the Tiger Flow Pumps referenced below or two additional pumps? These pumps correspond to the Tiger Flow pumps referenced in the SOW Provide material and labor to pipe up new chiller as directed. Who will provide the direction and what direction will be offered? COR will provide direction, where to set up the crane and access to the current chiller. Material: New isolation valves, flex connections, piping, and fittings. Labor: To weld new piping, fittings, and flanges to install piping to chiller. What is the size of Valves, FLex, Piping, and fittings. Are fittings and piping Schd 40 black steel, A53 type? Piping and fittings shall match existing system diameter and material. Upgrade the existing 400amp feed to 500A. Where is the feed coming from, a panel or MCC? Main switch gear both emergency and normal power. Contractor responsible to field verify existing feed locations and any required routing. Provide manufacturer data to be able to price the new feed. See Photos listed below. Supply/install 1 600A disconnect fused to 500A. What is the specification for the disconnect, Nema Type and Material? Disconnect shall be NEMA 3R for outdoor installation with corrosion resistant construction. Install 120V power to butterfly valve actuators. Are any BAS/AUTOMATION Controls to be included with the project? Is this provided by VA or Contractor? Contractor If contractor who is the VA Control Contractor Name and Contact Info? Controls contractor contact information will be provided after award What size and where is the control valve located? Control valve location and size will be confirmed during the site visit. Provide labor and material to insulate new chiller piping and pump piping (New chiller piping to include metal jacketing and sealed for outdoor application). What type of insulation, Fiberglass, Foamglas, Poly, etc, and thickness to be used? Fiberglass insulation with aluminum jacketing is required for all exterior piping; thickness shall meet VA standard detail requirements and/or industry standards. Could you provide a set of drawings to delineate the installation requirements, or asbuilts of the installation or sufficient photos and data? N/A Can a site visit be arranged? If so, please provide dates and times available. A site visit can be arranged and highly recommended. Site Visits will occur on 03/30/2026 at 1pm Central Time Zone (CT). Meeting place will be the Boiler Plant, which is located at the loading dock of the VA Hospital. Please contact Clint Roberts at 629-401-7413 when you arrive or if you need assistance finding the location. If a Site Visit is allowed, will there be an extension allowed for the quotes deadline? Yes, the quote deadline is extended until 04/13/2026 and the question deadline is extended until 04/07/2026. END OF SOLICITATION AMENDMENT

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kristie Collins
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: kristie.collins@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7fe51040b6eb4913a847f31e9458d7cd/view)