---
layout: default
title: Aeronautical Navigation (AN) Solution to fulfill a requirement for the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 62b75871e6f64492888cfb50e9b31a14
---

# Aeronautical Navigation (AN) Solution to fulfill a requirement for the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-08 14:42:58.242-04
- Solicitation Number: 842674215

## Summary

AMD00001: The purpose of this amendment is to provide Attachment 1 Questions and Answers to address questions received. REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) The Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) is seeking information from Industry to assist with the development and planning of a potential new requirement. THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) NOTICE ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS (RFP). NO SOLICITATION IS AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. 1) Overview/Purpose/ Description of Procurement The Program Management Office (PMO) for the DISA Joint Enterprise Licensing Agreement (JELA) is conducting market research to identify available Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) software applications for a comprehensive global Aeronautical Navigation (AN) solution. This RFI aims to gather information on available products, services and associated meta data, as appropriate, that meet a defined set of outcomes and performance-based criteria to ensure safe and efficient flight/navigation/mission planning operations on a global scale. The solution must encompass a Communication, Navigation, Surveillance/Air Traffic Management (CNS/ATM) Type 1 LOA- certified aeronautical database, associated Flight Information Publications (FLIP), an Electronic Flight Bag (EFB) software/application suite, and worldwide flight planning applications to provide aircrews, mission planners and staff with complete and accurate data (currently two Type 1 LOA data providers) to conduct worldwide operations with access to domestic and international airspace and airfields. 2) Scope of Effort This is an enterprise-wide initiative, and the proposed solution must be scalable to service all aviation entities across the Department of War (DoW) under a unified Enterprise Licensing Agreement. The solution must be architected for a multi-agency enterprise environment with the demonstrated scalability to support all users. It must be a support model capable of delivering data, products and services across multiple DoW agencies. The contractor shall provide the U.S. Government with continuous access to a Type 1 LOA-certified aeronautical database and associated meta data, associated FLIP, EFB software/application, and dedicated 24/7 technical service support. All data, products and services must be accessible through both U.S. Government (e.g., DoW) and commercial web access, as appropriate. The products, services, and associated data must be available for duplication and distribution to any authorized user within the USAF and other purchasing U.S. Government departments/agencies without restriction for the duration of the contract. The scope includes ongoing software security updates (e.g., IL-5), maintenance, certification, and distribution of all products. Please note, the desired final Impact Level for the solution is IL-6 at a minimum. Furthermore, all solutions must ensure Section 508 compliance, provide mobile accessibility, and deliver mission-critical analytics. 3) Technical Characteristics Aeronautical Database The processing of the aeronautical navigation data must be Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Type I Letter of Acceptance (LOA)- certified and CNS/ATM compliant. Database management must be in accordance with the most current iteration of Radio Technical Commission for Aeronautics (RTCA) DO-200, Standards for Processing Aeronautical Data (EUROCAE ED-76); D-201, User Requirements for Navigation Data (EUROCAE ED-77); DO-394, Considerations for Aeronautical Data Alteration; and other appropriate international/US standards and specifications as identified by the DoW. The aeronautical data library and database (currently two Type 1 LOA data providers) shall be available to authorized users 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The database must be provided in a format compliant with the U.S. Government's Digital Aeronautical Flight Information File (DAFIF) 8.1 specification, AIRINC 424 and other appropriate international/US specification as identified by the DoW, suitable for use in Flight Management Systems (FMS), flight simulators, and mission planning systems. Database updates must conform to the 28-day Aeronautical Information Regulation and Control (AIRAC) cycle as established by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). The accuracy of the database must be equal to (not necessarily better than) the source data provided by Air Navigation Service Providers. The contractor must perform consistency, logical, and any other appropriate quality checks on all source data. Flight Information Publications The contractor shall provide digital access (and hardcopy on a contingent basis and as appropriate) to all associated FLIP products to support authorized users. FLIP products are defined as Terminal Instrument Procedures (Instrument Approach Procedures [IAPs], Standard Instrument Departures [SIDs], Standard Terminal Arrival Charts [STARs]), Airport Diagrams and visual approach procedures, airport diagrams, and textual information pages, among others. The FLIP library shall include terminal aeronautical charts, diagrams, and textual information, and be accessible via a unique, user-specific password to a web-based service. FLIP products must be downloadable and savable via DoW and commercial network access. As IL-5 and IL-6 are solidified, user-specific passwords are the preferred method, if allowed. EFB Application The contractor shall supply a subscription EFB application service to support aircrew operating the approximately 14,000 aircraft in the DoW and the USCG. This service must include access to an updated, accurate global charting library and data. The application must have the capability to display the aircraft's own-ship location, weather information, enroute charts, standard terminal arrivals, vertical obstacles/terrain and terminal procedures. The EFB must provide access to the aforementioned Type 1 LOA data, to include Digital FLIP (DFLIP) and DAFIF data and contractor’s commercial Type 1 LOA data from within the application, including Air Refueling Tracks and Military Training Routes and the most current/accurate vertical obstructions (e.g., TFADS-O) with integrated flight planning capability. Aircrew must be able to file flight plans, currently the DD 1801, from within the application. The application must be available for download through commercial or government networks, and aeronautical data must be updated every 28 days AIRAC cycle at a minimum. The application must be user-friendly and intuitive to DoW users; it also must have the capability to be updated quickly (as defined by end-user requirements) with improvements as recommended by the end-user. Finally, the application must be able to tailor the available data and associated files with a flight plan route and expected diverts, to accommodate peripherals with memory size limitations. Technical Support The contractor shall provide 24/7 technical support for all provided data, products and services. If it is determined that support can wait until the next business day, the submitter will make that determination. 4) Requested Information Describe how each product/service within your solution will integrate DoW-specific security requirements and networks. Provide previous score received by approved U.S. Government Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program Impact Level assessment. Describe other security tests the product has passed previously. List the training requirements, if any, that will be required and provided to prepare users to utilize each product. Include all training specifics you will offer to support users. Describe method of application operating without active network access. Describe installation of offline and online versions to the product. Provide a statement confirming your ability to comply with Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and provide support to apply Section 508 meta-tagging to products that are created. Provide responses to the following three areas of technical capability: A. Corporate Experience & Certifications Describe your company's experience in providing FAA and/or internationally certified aeronautical data and flight planning services to government, military, or major commercial aviation entities. Provide details on your current FAA certifications (e.g., Type 1/2 LOA) and your organizational compliance with RTCA, ICAO, and other relevant Industry standards. Describe your quality control process for data sourcing, verification/validation, and distribution to ensure the currency, accuracy, resolution, and integrity of aeronautical information. B. Technical Solution & Capabilities Describe the architecture of your EFB application, including all supported operating systems and its capabilities for use in environments with limited or no network connectivity. Identify and describe the operating platforms supported by your EFB application (e.g., Windows, iOS, macOS, Android, Linux, and Chrome OS) Confirm your ability to deliver aeronautical database products and services in the DAFIF 8.1 and AIRINC 424 format. Describe your process for coordinating data format or other technical changes with government and avionics OEM stakeholders. Detail your technical support model, including emergency call differences, normal hours of operation, guaranteed response times, and available methods of contact for different types of support inquiries. Detail the number of levels an overarching or organizational account can sub-divided into account management. Example: MAJCOM, Wing, and Group would be 3 levels assuming no further divisions for squadrons are possible. If no sub-dividing other than individual users and licenses are possible, this is level 1. C. Program Management Support Describe your standard methodology for project management and implementation. Describe the composition and experience of the team that would be assigned to this enterprise account. Detail the level of post-implementation support, including training and helpdesk services, included. Provide examples of how you have managed enterprise-level agreements for similar government and/or commercial organizations. RESPONSE GUIDELINES: Interested parties are requested to respond to this RFI with a white paper. Submissions should not exceed 12 pages single spaced, 12-point type with at least one-inch margins on 8 1/2” X 11” page size. The response should not exceed a 20 MB e-mail limit for all items associated with the RFI response. Responses must specifically describe the capabilities of your proposed solution and how they align with the requirements outlined in this RFI. Oral communications are not permissible. SAM.gov will be the sole repository for all information related to this RFI. Companies who wish to respond to this RFI should send responses via email no later than 12PM EST April 8th, 2026, to Mr. David White, david.a.white440.civ@mail.mil, Ms. Terri Rollins, terri.l.rollins.civ@mail.mil, and Mr. Blake Bernhardt, blake.a.bernhardt.civ@mail.mil. Responses should include: Business name and address. UEI and/or CAGE Name of company representative and their business title. Business Size/Type of Small Business Socioeconomic categories, if applicable. CAGE Code Contract vehicles that would be available to the Government for the procurement of the product and/or service, to include ENCORE III, SETI, NIH, NASA SEWP, General Service Administration (GSA): OASIS, ALLIANT II, VETS II, STARS II, Federal Supply Schedules (FSS) (including applicable SIN(s)), or any other Government Agency contract vehicle that allows for decentralized ordering. (This information is for market research only and does not preclude your company from responding to this notice.) INDUSTRY DISCUSSIONS: DISA representatives may choose to meet with potential offerors and hold one-on-one discussions. Such discussions would be for market research and intended to obtain further clarification of potential capability to meet the requirements, including any development and certification risks. QUESTIONS: Questions regarding this announcement shall be submitted in writing by e-mail to Mr. David White, david.a.white440.civ@mail.mil, Ms. Terri Rollins, terri.l.rollins.civ@mail.mil, and Mr. Blake Bernhardt, blake.a.bernhardt.civ@mail.mil. Verbal questions will NOT be accepted. Answers to questions will be posted to SAM.gov. The Government does not guarantee that questions received after 12PM EST April 8th, 2026, will be answered. The Government will not reimburse companies for any costs associated with the submissions of their responses DISCLAIMER: This RFI is not a Request for Proposal (RFP) and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. Responses will not be considered as proposals, nor will any award be made because of this synopsis. All information contained in the RFI is preliminary as well as subject to modification and is in no way binding on the Government. FAR clause 52.215-3, “Request for Information or Solicitation for Planning Purposes”, is incorporated by reference in this RFI. The Government does not intend to pay for information received in response to this RFI. Responding to this invitation are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. This RFI will be the basis for collecting information on capabilities available. This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes. Proprietary information and trade secrets, if there are any, must be clearly marked on all materials. All information received in this RFI that is marked “Proprietary” will be handled accordingly. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned nor will receipt be confirmed. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this RFI are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Blake Bernhardt
  - Email: blake.a.bernhardt.civ@mail.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Terri Rollins
  - Email: terri.l.rollins.civ@mail.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Questions and Answers to address questions received. REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) The Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA) is seeking information from Industry to assist with the development and planning of a potential new requirement. THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) NOTICE ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS (RFP). NO SOLICITATION IS AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. 1) Overview/Purpose/ Description of Procurement The Program Management Office (PMO) for the DISA Joint Enterprise Licensing Agreement (JELA) is conducting market research to identify available Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) software applications for a comprehensive global Aeronautical Navigation (AN) solution. This RFI aims to gather information on available products, services and associated meta data, as appropriate, that meet a defined set of outcomes and performance-based criteria to ensure safe and efficient flight/navigation/mission planning operations on a global scale. The solution must encompass a Communication, Navigation, Surveillance/Air Traffic Management (CNS/ATM) Type 1 LOA- certified aeronautical database, associated Flight Information Publications (FLIP), an Electronic Flight Bag (EFB) software/application suite, and worldwide flight planning applications to provide aircrews, mission planners and staff with complete and accurate data (currently two Type 1 LOA data providers) to conduct worldwide operations with access to domestic and international airspace and airfields. 2) Scope of Effort This is an enterprise-wide initiative, and the proposed solution must be scalable to service all aviation entities across the Department of War (DoW) under a unified Enterprise Licensing Agreement. The solution must be architected for a multi-agency enterprise environment with the demonstrated scalability to support all users. It must be a support model capable of delivering data, products and services across multiple DoW agencies. The contractor shall provide the U.S. Government with continuous access to a Type 1 LOA-certified aeronautical database and associated meta data, associated FLIP, EFB software/application, and dedicated 24/7 technical service support. All data, products and services must be accessible through both U.S. Government (e.g., DoW) and commercial web access, as appropriate. The products, services, and associated data must be available for duplication and distribution to any authorized user within the USAF and other purchasing U.S. Government departments/agencies without restriction for the duration of the contract. The scope includes ongoing software security updates (e.g., IL-5), maintenance, certification, and distribution of all products. Please note, the desired final Impact Level for the solution is IL-6 at a minimum. Furthermore, all solutions must ensure Section 508 compliance, provide mobile accessibility, and deliver mission-critical analytics. 3) Technical Characteristics Aeronautical Database The processing of the aeronautical navigation data must be Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Type I Letter of Acceptance (LOA)- certified and CNS/ATM compliant. Database management must be in accordance with the most current iteration of Radio Technical Commission for Aeronautics (RTCA) DO-200, Standards for Processing Aeronautical Data (EUROCAE ED-76); D-201, User Requirements for Navigation Data (EUROCAE ED-77); DO-394, Considerations for Aeronautical Data Alteration; and other appropriate international/US standards and specifications as identified by the DoW. The aeronautical data library and database (currently two Type 1 LOA data providers) shall be available to authorized users 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. The database must be provided in a format compliant with the U.S. Government"s Digital Aeronautical Flight Information File (DAFIF) 8.1 specification, AIRINC 424 and other appropriate international/US specification as identified by the DoW, suitable for use in Flight Management Systems (FMS), flight simulators, and mission planning systems. Database updates must conform to the 28-day Aeronautical Information Regulation and Control (AIRAC) cycle as established by the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). The accuracy of the database must be equal to (not necessarily better than) the source data provided by Air Navigation Service Providers. The contractor must perform consistency, logical, and any other appropriate quality checks on all source data. Flight Information Publications The contractor shall provide digital access (and hardcopy on a contingent basis and as appropriate) to all associated FLIP products to support authorized users. FLIP products are defined as Terminal Instrument Procedures (Instrument Approach Procedures [IAPs], Standard Instrument Departures [SIDs], Standard Terminal Arrival Charts [STARs]), Airport Diagrams and visual approach procedures, airport diagrams, and textual information pages, among others. The FLIP library shall include terminal aeronautical charts, diagrams, and textual information, and be accessible via a unique, user-specific password to a web-based service. FLIP products must be downloadable and savable via DoW and commercial network access. As IL-5 and IL-6 are solidified, user-specific passwords are the preferred method, if allowed. EFB Application The contractor shall supply a subscription EFB application service to support aircrew operating the approximately 14,000 aircraft in the DoW and the USCG. This service must include access to an updated, accurate global charting library and data. The application must have the capability to display the aircraft"s own-ship location, weather information, enroute charts, standard terminal arrivals, vertical obstacles/terrain and terminal procedures. The EFB must provide access to the aforementioned Type 1 LOA data, to include Digital FLIP (DFLIP) and DAFIF data and contractor’s commercial Type 1 LOA data from within the application, including Air Refueling Tracks and Military Training Routes and the most current/accurate vertical obstructions (e.g., TFADS-O) with integrated flight planning capability. Aircrew must be able to file flight plans, currently the DD 1801, from within the application. The application must be available for download through commercial or government networks, and aeronautical data must be updated every 28 days AIRAC cycle at a minimum. The application must be user-friendly and intuitive to DoW users; it also must have the capability to be updated quickly (as defined by end-user requirements) with improvements as recommended by the end-user. Finally, the application must be able to tailor the available data and associated files with a flight plan route and expected diverts, to accommodate peripherals with memory size limitations. Technical Support The contractor shall provide 24/7 technical support for all provided data, products and services. If it is determined that support can wait until the next business day, the submitter will make that determination. 4) Requested Information Describe how each product/service within your solution will integrate DoW-specific security requirements and networks. Provide previous score received by approved U.S. Government Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program Impact Level assessment. Describe other security tests the product has passed previously. List the training requirements, if any, that will be required and provided to prepare users to utilize each product. Include all training specifics you will offer to support users. Describe method of application operating without active network access. Describe installation of offline and online versions to the product. Provide a statement confirming your ability to comply with Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and provide support to apply Section 508 meta-tagging to products that are created. Provide responses to the following three areas of technical capability: A. Corporate Experience & Certifications Describe your company"s experience in providing FAA and/or internationally certified aeronautical data and flight planning services to government, military, or major commercial aviation entities. Provide details on your current FAA certifications (e.g., Type 1/2 LOA) and your organizational compliance with RTCA, ICAO, and other relevant Industry standards. Describe your quality control process for data sourcing, verification/validation, and distribution to ensure the currency, accuracy, resolution, and integrity of aeronautical information. B. Technical Solution & Capabilities Describe the architecture of your EFB application, including all supported operating systems and its capabilities for use in environments with limited or no network connectivity. Identify and describe the operating platforms supported by your EFB application (e.g., Windows, iOS, macOS, Android, Linux, and Chrome OS) Confirm your ability to deliver aeronautical database products and services in the DAFIF 8.1 and AIRINC 424 format. Describe your process for coordinating data format or other technical changes with government and avionics OEM stakeholders. Detail your technical support model, including emergency call differences, normal hours of operation, guaranteed response times, and available methods of contact for different types of support inquiries. Detail the number of levels an overarching or organizational account can sub-divided into account management. Example: MAJCOM, Wing, and Group would be 3 levels assuming no further divisions for squadrons are possible. If no sub-dividing other than individual users and licenses are possible, this is level 1. C. Program Management Support Describe your standard methodology for project management and implementation. Describe the composition and experience of the team that would be assigned to this enterprise account. Detail the level of post-implementation support, including training and helpdesk services, included. Provide examples of how you have managed enterprise-level agreements for similar government and/or commercial organizations. RESPONSE GUIDELINES: Interested parties are requested to respond to this RFI with a white paper. Submissions should not exceed 12 pages single spaced, 12-point type with at least one-inch margins on 8 1/2” X 11” page size. The response should not exceed a 20 MB e-mail limit for all items associated with the RFI response. Responses must specifically describe the capabilities of your proposed solution and how they align with the requirements outlined in this RFI. Oral communications are not permissible. SAM.gov will be the sole repository for all information related to this RFI. Companies who wish to respond to this RFI should send responses via email no later than 12PM EST April 8th, 2026, to Mr. David White, david.a.white440.civ@mail.mil, Ms. Terri Rollins, terri.l.rollins.civ@mail.mil, and Mr. Blake Bernhardt, blake.a.bernhardt.civ@mail.mil. Responses should include: Business name and address. UEI and/or CAGE Name of company representative and their business title. Business Size/Type of Small Business Socioeconomic categories, if applicable. CAGE Code Contract vehicles that would be available to the Government for the procurement of the product and/or service, to include ENCORE III, SETI, NIH, NASA SEWP, General Service Administration (GSA): OASIS, ALLIANT II, VETS II, STARS II, Federal Supply Schedules (FSS) (including applicable SIN(s)), or any other Government Agency contract vehicle that allows for decentralized ordering. (This information is for market research only and does not preclude your company from responding to this notice.) INDUSTRY DISCUSSIONS: DISA representatives may choose to meet with potential offerors and hold one-on-one discussions. Such discussions would be for market research and intended to obtain further clarification of potential capability to meet the requirements, including any development and certification risks. QUESTIONS: Questions regarding this announcement shall be submitted in writing by e-mail to Mr. David White, david.a.white440.civ@mail.mil, Ms. Terri Rollins, terri.l.rollins.civ@mail.mil, and Mr. Blake Bernhardt, blake.a.bernhardt.civ@mail.mil. Verbal questions will NOT be accepted. Answers to questions will be posted to SAM.gov. The Government does not guarantee that questions received after 12PM EST April 8th, 2026, will be answered. The Government will not reimburse companies for any costs associated with the submissions of their responses DISCLAIMER: This RFI is not a Request for Proposal (RFP) and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. Responses will not be considered as proposals, nor will any award be made because of this synopsis. All information contained in the RFI is preliminary as well as subject to modification and is in no way binding on the Government. FAR clause 52.215-3, “Request for Information or Solicitation for Planning Purposes”, is incorporated by reference in this RFI. The Government does not intend to pay for information received in response to this RFI. Responding to this invitation are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. This RFI will be the basis for collecting information on capabilities available. This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes. Proprietary information and trade secrets, if there are any, must be clearly marked on all materials. All information received in this RFI that is marked “Proprietary” will be handled accordingly. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned nor will receipt be confirmed. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this RFI are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/62b75871e6f64492888cfb50e9b31a14/view)