---
layout: default
title: Z2DA--4th Floor Nurse Call Systems FY26 | 436-26-101 | CON
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 76e8951b6e684e029881efb968e84829
---

# Z2DA--4th Floor Nurse Call Systems FY26 | 436-26-101 | CON

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 15:47:58.926-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0255
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS IS A PRESOLICIATION NOTICE A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL WILL BE POSTED ON OR ABOUT March 26,2026 (i.e., estimated) Fort Harrison VA Medical Center Statement of Work 4th Floor Nurse Call Systems Project Number: 436-26-101 Project Title: 4th Floor Nurse Call Systems Project Scope: The VA Montana Healthcare System requires the services of a qualified General Contracting company to provide services upgrading the existing Nurse Call infrastructure with additional pull cord installations and new-generation equipment at the Fort Harrison Campus of the Montana VA Health Care System, located at 3687 Veterans Drive, Fort Harrison, MT 59636. The General Contractor shall provide all services and perform all the work, materials, labor, supervision, safety, certification, and expertise for items described in this Scope of Work. The Government shall not loan or provide any labor or equipment. The Government is not responsible for costs incurred due to project management discrepancies or lack of proper equipment. The scope of this project includes the following improvements: Fort Harrison VA Medical Center Building 154, 4th Floor Nurse Call System Requirements: The existing nurse call system is of Rauland Ametek manufacture. All new components must integrate and operate with the existing system. The successful bidder will be required to work with EVCO Integrated Solutions the authorized Rauland Ametek dealer/installer for the region, to complete the following: Furnish and install equipment signal/control raceway, backbox, and wire where necessary. Supply and install (11) additional Rauland Responder 5 Waterproof Pull Cord Stations (354001WP) within the restrooms of patient rooms 414, 415, 421, 424, 454, 459, 461, 462, 463, 464, and 465 on the 4th floor of the Fort Harrison VA Hospital. Supply and install the equipment necessary to upgrade (2) Responder 4 systems to Responder 5 in patient rooms 410 and 470, including, but not limited to the following per room: (1) Rauland Corridor Light 4 Position V4 (352012) (1) Rauland Enhanced Single Patient Station (353001) (1) Curbell Gen4 Pillow Speaker R5 (25347) (1) Rauland Two-Jack Station V2 (354028) (1) Rauland R5 Feature Bed Receptacle (NCBED5) (1) Rauland Feature Bed Control Module V2 (350304) (2) Rauland Staff Assist / Code Station V2 (354025) (2) Rauland Custom Button (RAULAND-CUSTOM) (2) Rauland Waterproof Pull Cord Station (354001WP) General Contractor Requirements: All damage to floors, walls, ceilings, or any other VA property to be repaired/replaced by the Contractor at no additional cost to the VA. The Contractor is to match the existing tiles when replacing those removed or damaged during the Period of Performance. The Contractor shall be responsible for all construction debris removal. The Contractor shall provide their own dumpster as needed. For interior construction the contractor shall provide dump carts, HEPA carts, and other ICRA provisions, as needed. Dump carts are to be sealed with a tight-fitting lid during travel to and from the jobsite to the designated dumpster location. Dumpster location and debris removal pathway to be approved by the VA COR. Construction debris disposal must be documented and reported to satisfy VA TIL and GEMS requirements, US EPA regulation, and State of Montana DEQ regulation. The Contractor is to furnish and install electrical raceway, backbox, and wire, as needed. The Contractor is to provide 120VAC power to equipment, as needed. The Contractor is to coordinate with the Construction Officer Representative (COR) for the placement of pull cord installations and upgrades. The Contractor is to coordinate phasing with the COR and clinical staff, in order to minimize disruptions in patient care. The Contractor is to submit with their proposal the proposed finishes for all items. Existing Conditions: The Contractor is expected to be familiar with the existing conditions and the work to be performed. The Contractor shall verify all areas requiring work as stated in the Project Scope portion of this Statement of Work prior to the commencement of work. Site Investigation is critical and required for this project to ensure accuracy and full understanding of the scope of work. The Contractor shall be responsible for field verifying all conditions and quantities that may affect the project work prior to the bid of this project. This work can be performed directly by the Contractor or indirectly via contract to a third-party Sub-Contractor. The person(s) conducting the site investigation is to check in with the VA Facilities Engineering department and will be escorted by the VA COR Healthcare Engineer or Designee. This work should be done in advance, before the proposal is submitted, and is intended to limit unforeseen site conditions and ensure accurate estimations for material acquisition and equipment selection. Period of Performance: Prior to the Notice to Proceed (NTP) all required pre-construction submittals (safety plans, quality control plan, schedules, materials, etc.) shall be provided to the VA Contracting Officer & COR for review and approval. This contract is expected to start upon receiving Notice to Proceed (NTP) and be completed within 40 calendar days of issuance. Construction Schedule: Normal working hours are from 7:30 AM to 4:30 PM. In order to maintain the schedule, work performed over the weekend may be allowed. Contractor to coordinate these efforts with VA COR with a minimum 48-hour notice. The Contractor shall attend weekly meetings. The Contractor shall provide a meeting agenda prior to each meeting. The contractor shall provide meeting minutes to the VA within one week of the meeting occurrence. The contractor shall provide a three-week look-ahead schedule prior to each meeting. The Contractor shall provide to the VA CO & COR a detailed construction schedule indicating workflow and impact in a three-week look ahead format which shows last week, this week, and next week. Work progress shall be discussed weekly at construction progress meetings. This schedule must be updated every week, prior to the construction progress meeting. Any other schedule changes impacting the current week of work must be communicated as soon as practicable. The Contractor shall coordinate phasing with the COR and the clinical staff in order to minimize disruptions in patient care. Any impacts to VA operations must clearly be identified on the construction schedule. The Contractor shall discuss working hours with the VA COR prior to the commencement of work. The Contractor and VA COR will agree on the hours of operations for each portion of work. The Contractor is responsible for notifying the VA of the time, location, and work to be performed during off-hour engagement. Any construction activity that includes excessive noise, odors, or emissions will need to be performed after hours or on weekends. Infection Control Risk Assessment: There will be Infection Control and Containment procedures and requirements for this project. The contractor must adhere to the classifications assigned and to the mitigation requirements of the associated ICRA / VA TIL (Technical Information Library) classifications. The Contractor shall identify their mitigation procedures as part of their daily reporting. The VA will perform regular walkthroughs and audits of the contractor s compliance with the requirements. Refer to the attached proposed PCRA and ICRA documentation for further information. Stated containment classifications are per the direction of the VA and OSHA and are non-negotiable. Daily Work Reports: The Contractor shall complete and submit Daily Work Reports to the VA COR and Contracting Officer. The daily reports shall be completed on forms prepared by the Contractor, acceptable to the COR, and shall be submitted to the COR at the conclusion of each workday (or agreed upon schedule as applicable). Daily reports should include photographs of existing conditions, work in progress, and the finished conditions. Request for Information: Any deviations in required work items from the Construction Documents and this SOW shall come in the form of an RFI. Submit RFIs per specifications. The Contracting Officer is the only entity that can approve changes that impact the Scope of Work and Contract Cost. Any contractual changes will come in writing from the CO, not from the COR or their associates. The Contractor shall maintain an RFI Log throughout the duration of the project and update it weekly to reflect the most current RFIs being tracked. Submittals, Inspection, and Acceptance: The Contractor will not be able to mobilize onsite until all critical and long lead item submittals have been approved by the VA COR and CO. The Contractor shall use an electronic submittal tracking system for management of submittal status. An initial submittal register will be provided to the Contractor. Within one week of the NTP, the Contractor shall provide to the VA COR and CO a complete electronic submittal registry for review and acceptance. All submittals for each item must be approved prior to purchase and/or installation per the specifications. The Contractor will be required for all tracking and updating of the submittal register throughout the life of the project. The Contractor must provide the updated submittal register prior to the weekly construction progress meeting, and with all progress payment requests. The submittal register must include the following: Project Safety Plan OSHA Certifications Letter of Superintendence Quality Assurance/Quality Control (QAQC) Plan Demolition Debris Management Plan Asbestos and Lead Based Paint Containment and Abatement Plan, per Montana DEQ and VA TIL requirements Environmental Protection Plan Infection Control Plan Project Schedule All Submittals / Samples required by Project Specifications and Project Drawings include but are not limited to: Description of each product Submittal Drawings and/or Manufacturer s literature/data as required by the specifications Samples as required by the specifications Test reports as required by the specifications Material Certificates of Compliance Buy American Act Compliance Contractor Certification(s) Installer Qualification(s) Warranties Operations and Maintenance Manuals (if applicable) Additional submittals may be required at the request of the Contracting Officer or COR. A comparison of products for QA/QC may be requested by the COR and CO The COR will approve / disapprove Contractor submittals. Any submittal that is disapproved shall be addressed by the Contractor in a timely manner. If more time is needed to address disapproved submittals, the Contractor may ask, in writing, for additional time from the COR. The COR will accomplish inspection and acceptance of the work on behalf of the Contracting Officer. Any work that is found to be unacceptable by the COR shall be removed and replaced at no cost to the Government. All workmanship / quality of work is subject to acceptance. Safety/Security: The Contractor is fully responsible for Work Site Safety. The Contractor shall implement a Safety Program that protects the lives and health of personnel inside and immediately surrounding the work area, prevents damage to property, and avoids normal work or patient flow interruptions. To accomplish this end, the Contractor shall provide an OSHA-30 certified Competent Person to be onsite at all times while work is being performed, erect appropriate safety barricades, signs, signal lights, etc. as well as comply with the requirements of all Federal, State, and Local safety laws, rules, and regulations. The Contractor must submit copies of certifications for safety training of the Competent Person stationed onsite to the COR before work begins. All other Contractors and subcontractors working on-site shall have at least OSHA-10 certifications. Liability of Contractor: Any damage to government property caused by the Contractor shall be repaired or replaced by the Contractor at no cost to the government. The Contractor shall not disconnect any service or utilities without prior approval of the COR. No less than a 20 business days notice shall be given to the COR if interruption is needed, and utility interruptions will be coordinated with the COR to ensure minimal impact to the patients and staff at the facility. The government will not be held liable for any costs or damages incurred due to unscheduled service or utility interruptions. Warranty: The contractor shall provide a two-week notice to the COR for the onsite final walkthrough and punch list completion for acceptance as well as other planned milestones. The contractor shall provide a 1-year warranty on all items within the Scope of this Project, subject to latent defects, per 52.246-21 Warranty of Construction. Federal Legal Holidays: The following Federal legal holidays are observed by this facility: New Year s Day January 1 Martin Luther King s Birthday Third Monday in January President s Day Third Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth June 19 Independence Day July 4 Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in November Veteran s Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day Fourth Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25 APPENDICES TO BE INCLUDED IN THE SOLICITATION P03 Determination Nurse Call System Nurse Call System Location SPECS Nurse Combined S22 LOS Certification 852.219-75 ICRA PCRA S02 Self Performed and Subcontracted Worksheet

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Frankie Basham
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: frances.basham@va.gov
  - Phone: 918-577-3923

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/76e8951b6e684e029881efb968e84829/view)