---
layout: default
title: Cable and Fiber Optic Installation
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 2c0b182939424ae7be829f4e0a13a121
---

# Cable and Fiber Optic Installation

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 14:18:25.888-04
- Solicitation Number: PANRIV043510

## Summary

Fort Gordon has a requirement for ongoing cabling support for Fort Gordon, Georgia and other areas serviced by Fort Gordon Network Enterprise Center NEC. The required service consists of Inside and Outside Plant Installation of copper cabling and fiber optic cabling to include Testing and Correct Test Failures. The services will be performed at various locations in and around FT Gordon, Augusta, GA This requirement is a 8(a) direct contract to provide essential services while a larger comprehensive IDIQ contract is in development. PROGRAM BACKGROUND This is a non-personnel services contract to provide Information Technology (IT) Services. The Government shall not exercise any supervision or control over the contract service providers performing all personnel, test equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, incidentals, and other items and personal services necessary to perform Installation/ repair of inside/outside plant copper cable and fiber optic cable at various locations within Fort Gordon, Georgia, Georgia and all other areas serviced by Fort Gordon Network Enterprise Center (NEC), to include abasement (asbestos) as defined in this Performance Work Statement except for those items specified as government furnished property and services. The contractor shall perform to the standards in this contract. Such contract service providers shall be accountable solely to the Contractor who, in turn is responsible to the Government. REQUIRED CAPABILITIES The contractor shall provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, and other items and non-personal services necessary to perform installation/ repair of inside/outside plant copper cable and fiber optic cable at various locations within Fort Gordon, Georgia, and all other areas serviced by Fort Gordon Network Enterprise Center (NEC), to include abasement (asbestos) as defined in this Performance Work Statement except for those items specified as government furnished property and services. The contractor shall perform to the standards in this contract as defined in this Performance Work Statement except for those items specified as government furnished property and services. The contractor shall perform to the standards in this contract. If your organization has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: 1) Organization name, address, email address, Web site address, telephone number, and size and type of ownership for the organization; and 2) Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. The Government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: 1) provide services consistent, in scope and scale, with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated; 2) secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements; 3) implement a successful project management plan that includes: compliance with tight program schedules; cost containment; meeting and tracking performance; hiring and retention of key personnel and risk mitigation; and 4) provide services under a performance based service acquisition contract. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS The contractor shall be responsible for safeguarding all government equipment, information and property provided for contractor use. This pertains to Ft. Gordon, Ga. At the close of each work period, government facilities, equipment, and materials shall be secured. ELIGIBILITY The applicable NAICS code for this requirement is 238210, Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors with a size standard of $19M. The Product Service Code (PSC) is (DF10). The Government requests 8(a) small businesses respond to this inquiry only. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND SUBMISSION DETAILS (CAPABILITIES STATEMENT) A draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) is attached for review. Interested parties are requested to submit a capabilities statement of no more than ten (10) pages in length in Times New Roman font of not less than 10 pitch. The deadline for response to this request is no later than 8a.m. EST, 30 April 2026. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be e-mailed to SIR OVYNTEN Rivera, sirovynten.d.rivera.civ@army.mil. In addition, please ensure the “Subject line” of the email clearly states you are responding to the Solicitation Synopsis for the Network Enterprise Center Cabling requirement. This documentation must address at a minimum the following items: 1. What type of work has your company performed in the past in support of the same or similar requirement? 2. Can or has your company managed a task of this nature? If so, please provide details. 3. Can or has your company managed a team of subcontractors before? If so, provide details. 4. What specific technical skills does your company possess which ensure capability to perform the tasks? 5. Please note that under a Small-Business Set-Aside, in accordance with FAR 52.219-14, the small business prime must perform at least 50% of the work themselves in terms of the cost of performance. Provide an explanation of your company’s ability to perform at least 50% of the tasking described in this PWS for the base period as well as the option periods. 6. Provide a statement including 8(a) business status and company profile to include number of employees, annual revenue history, office locations, DUNs number, etc. 7. Respondents to this notice also must indicate whether they qualify as a 8(a) Small Business Concern. 8. Include in your response your ability to meet the requirements in the Facility and Safeguarding requirements. 9. The estimated period of performance consists of one (1) year ordering period. The period of performance shall be for one (1) Base Year and four (4) Option Years. The Period of Performance reads as follows: 27 Jan 2021 – 26 Jan 2026. 10. Include in your response if you are interested as a prime or as a sub-contractor. If interested in sub-contracting indicate the percentage and type of work you are interested in. 11. The Government intends to award one (1) Firm Fixed Price contract. The period of performance will be approximately 60 months (five years) from the effective date of the award. 12. The proposed contract is anticipated to include tasking that would be accomplished by labor categories that are subject to the Service Contract Act or a collective bargaining agreement. 13. Your response to this Sources Sought, including any capabilities statement, shall be electronically submitted to the Contract Specialist, SIR OVYNTEN Rivera, in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF), via email sirovynten.d.rivera.civ@army.mil. 14. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government. 15. No phone calls will be accepted. 16. All questions must be submitted to the contract specialist identified above. The Government is not committed nor obligated to pay for the information provided, and no basis for claims against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this Solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sir Ovynten Rivera
  - Email: sirovynten.d.rivera.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 7067911802

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2c0b182939424ae7be829f4e0a13a121/view)