---
layout: default
title: AMEND 1: WORKSTATIONS & BENCHES FOR THE KYLE HEALTH CENTER-PHARMACY
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: f2cb2bc5c9c94889bfd41c4cc1450e15
---

# AMEND 1: WORKSTATIONS & BENCHES FOR THE KYLE HEALTH CENTER-PHARMACY

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 12:38:29.491-04
- Solicitation Number: 75H70626Q00095

## Summary

Amend One (1): Extend the Closing date to May 1, 2026 at 12:00 p.m. MST. A. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice, FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items (Title VI 11 of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994) (Public Law 103-355). This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. B. The Great Plains Area Indian Health Service (IHS) Kyle Health Center intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price, Commercial Item, Purchase Order in response to Request for Quote (RFQ) 75H70626Q00095. C. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-03 01/03/2025. D. This RFQ is issued as 100% Indian Small Business Economic Enterprises (ISBEEs) set-aside, and the associated NAICS Code is 337214, Office Furniture (Except Wood) Manufacturing, which has a size standard in number of employees 1100. E. The quoted unit pricing must be all inclusive (to include but not be limited to travel, lodging, per diem, fringe benefits, federal, state and local taxes) plus all other costs pertinent to the performance of this contract. Utilize your most competitive and reasonable rates. Complete the attached Request For Quote (RFQ) to Provide the following: Electric Height Adjustable Workbenches (4) – see spec sheet and Statement of Objectives (SOO) Electric Height Adjustable Workstations (9)- see spec sheet and Statement of Objectives (SOO) F. To provide workstations/benches for the IHS Kyle Health Center, Pharmacy Department, Kyle, South Dakota, 57752. G. The period of performance will be established upon date of award plus six (6) months. H. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation Date). I. Quotes shall be submitted on company letterhead stationery, signed, dated and it shall include: 1- Solicitation number 75H70626Q00095. 2. Closing Date: May 1st, 2026 at 12:00 pm MST. 3. Name, address and telephone number of company and email address of contact person. 4. Technical description of the item/service being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements of the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary. 5. Terms of any express warranty. 6. Price and any discount terms. 7. "Remit to" address, if different than mailing address. 8. Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments (if any issued) 9. Past performance information, when included as an evaluation factor, to include recent and relevant contracts for the same or similar items and other references (including contract numbers, points of contact with telephone numbers and other relevant information). 10. A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Offerors that fail to furnish required representations or information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. Basis of award is Lowest Price Technically Acceptable "LPTA" factors in determining the successful contractor. Instructions and Evaluation Eligibility This procurement is restricted to Indian Small Business Economic Enterprises (ISBEEs) pursuant to the Buy Indian Act (25 U.S.C. § 5323). Quotes submitted by firms that are not eligible ISBEEs will be rejected and will not be evaluated. Technical Acceptability Quotes will be evaluated on pass/fail basis to determine whether the offeror demonstrates the ability to meet all requirements of the Spec Sheet and SOO. Price Evaluation Price will be evaluated for reasonableness and completeness. For evaluation purposes, the Government will calculate a total evaluated price using the quantities identified in the Schedule. Award will be made to the responsible ISBEE offeror whose quote is technically acceptable and offers the lowest total evaluated price. Award will be made on “all or none” basis to the lowest responsive and responsible offeror. J. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation Date) K. FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation Date)- See attachment; in by reference. L. Attached are the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) & Health & Human Services Acquisition Regulation (HHSAR) clauses that are applicable including below. M. Offers will be accepted electronically, Submit via e-mail to the following: Attn: Mary Sarenana (Baird), Purchasing Agent mary.sarenana@ihs.gov Any questions, please submit by April 10th, 2026 by 4:00 pm MST. Contractors must obtain a Unique Entity ID (UEI) number and Taxpayer Identifying number (TIN); and be registered with www.sam.gov. Must contain a statement to the effect that it is firm for a period of at least 60 days from the date of receipt by the Government. Quotation must set forth full, accurate and complete information as required by the Request for Quotation (RFQ) and be returned no later than the date reference in Paragraph #I-2. All required information must be submitted to be considered responsive and eligible for award. No contract award shall be made to any vendor listed on the OIG Exclusions List at http://exclusions.org.hhs.gov throughout the duration of the contract. Contractor must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) The Indian Health Services is in the process of implementing an electronic invoicing system. In compliance with the Office of Management and Budget (0MB) M-15-19 memorandum "Improving Government Efficiency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars Through Electronic Invoicing" directing Federal agencies to adopt electronic invoicing as the primary means to disburse payment to vendors. Invoices submitted under any award resulting from this solicitation will be required to utilize the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) in accordance with HHSAR 352.232-71, Electronic Submission and Processing of Payment Requests. IPP is a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Bureau of the Fiscal Service, in partnership with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis (FRSTL). Respondents to this solicitation are encouraged to register an account with IPP if they have not already done so. If your organization is already registered to use IPP, you will not be required to re-register- however, we encourage you make sure your organization and designated IPP user accounts are valid and up to date. The IPP website address is: https://www.ipp.gov If you require assistance registering or IPP account access, please contact the IPP Helpdesk at (866) 973-3131 (M-F 8AM to 6PM ET), or IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov Should the contractor feel that use of the IPP would be unduly burdensome, their response to this solicitation should include an explanation of this position for a determination by the contracting officer. ACCEPTANCE PERIOD: Your quote must stipulate that it is predicated upon all the terms and conditions of this RFQ. In addition, it must contain a statement to the effect that it is firm for a period of at least 60 days from the date of receipt by the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mary Baird
  - Email: mary.baird@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6058673379

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f2cb2bc5c9c94889bfd41c4cc1450e15/view)