---
layout: default
title: CNC 5 Axis Gantry Mill
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 942f15f10a234bb08cd019f7cea84cc3
---

# CNC 5 Axis Gantry Mill

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 10:01:10.66-04
- Solicitation Number: W911N226QDR03

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation W911N2-26-Q-DR03 General Information This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number W911N2-26-Q-DR03 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) for quantity one (1) each Computer Numerically Controlled (CNC) 5 Axis Gantry Mill in accordance with the attached purchase description. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The Product Service Code (PSC) assigned to this acquisition is 3417 – Milling Machine. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 333517 - Machine Tool Manufacturing. This procurement will utilize the solicitation procedures at FAR 12.201-1(c)(1). This announcement combines the presolicitation notice and the RFQ according to 12.202(b). The anticipated award date of this requirement is 25 May 2026. CLIN Description Quantity Unit of Measure Price 0001 CNC 5 Axis Gantry mill IAW Purchase Description 1 Lot 0002 CDRLS The Contractor shall prepare and deliver the data identified in DD 1423, Contract Data Requirements Lists (CDRLs) A001 - A008. 1 Lot Not Separately Priced (NSP) The attached Purchase Description (PD) establishes the minimum requirements for the purchase of one (1) CNC 5 Axis Gantry Mill to be delivered and installed at Letterkenny Army Depot (LEAD). The contractor shall provide all professional architectural, engineering and construction services for the preparation of all necessary drawings, specifications, calculations, cost estimates and related design, fabrication, construction, installation and testing services for the completion of this project. The gantry mill shall be installed turnkey in accordance with Original Equipment Manufacturer specification and standards. See attached Synopsis/Solicitation Notes for specifics for site visit date and time. Delivery & Acceptance Location: W0L6 USA DEP LETTERKENY LETTERKENNY ARMY DEPOT, 1 OVERCASH AVENUE BLDG 9950 CHAMBERSBURG, PA 17201-4150 UNITED STATES DoDAAC: W25G1Q Lead Time: Please provide Lead Time F.O.B. Point: Destination Solicitation Provisions: 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements—Notice and Representation 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System (DEVIATION 2026-O0043) 252.215-7992 Only One Offer 252.215-7994 – Requirements for Certified Cost or Pricing Data and Data Other Than Certified Cost or Pricing Data 252.219-7000 Advancing Small Business Growth 252.225-7000 Buy American—Balance of Payments Program Certificate 252.225-7020 Trade Agreements Certificate 252.225-7035 Buy American—Free Trade Agreements—Balance of Payments Program Certificate 252.225-7050 Disclosure of Ownership or Control by the Government of a Country that is a State Sponsor of Terrorism 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (a) Evaluation factors. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Technical, Past Performance, and Price (b) Options (if applicable). The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the base requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. The evaluation of options does not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) Notice of award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of provision) Addendum to 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Entry Gate Criteria The Offeror must be rated acceptable for the following criteria in order to proceed to full quotation evaluation: The Proposed 5-axis Gantry Mill must possess: 1. Chip-Conveyor with Coolant Management 2. at least 80 Tool Magazine with Load/Unload Arm 3. The controls accept off-site programs delivered to the machine via network. 4. Simultaneous 5 axis operations 5. 19 inch, minimum, color flat screen LCD display 6. Local Area Network Connection (Ethernet) 7. Emergency Shutdown Buttons 8. Machine’s control and control software are compatible with MASTERCAM26 9. Must supply Letterkenny Army Depot (LEAD) a post processor 10.Maximum Set Up Tools at least 22 Inches Long 11. Maximum Fixtures and Risers size at least 24 Inches 12. Ballscrew and Rack and Pinion Drive Systems 13. machining table with at least 60,000 lb capacity 14. Spindle Speed Of at least 0-12,500 Rpm 15. Spindle Power Of at least 80hp 16. Linear encoders on X, Y, and Z Axes 17. Maximum tool diameter using all pockets, at least 4.9 inches 18. Machining Envelop of at Least 169 Inches Length X 123 Inches Width X 50 Inches 19. Machine sized to accommodate machining envelop and tooling and fixturing 20. Footprint no larger than 73 Feet Long X 27 Feet Wide Evaluation Factors This evaluation will utilize comparative analysis to provide the best value to the Government. Award may be made to other than the lowest priced offer, if the Government determines that a price premium is warranted due to technical merit. However, the closer the merits of the technical offer are to one another, the greater will be the importance of price in making the award determination. In the event that two or more technical offers are determined technically equivalent, award may be made to the lower priced offer provided the price is reasonable. Responses to this solicitation will be evaluated against the following factors: Factor 1: Technical Factor 2: Past Performance Factor 3: Price FACTOR 1: Technical. The Offeror shall provide technical information based off of the requirements of the Purchase Description (PD). The information shall provide, at a minimum, the following information: Provide a detailed breakdown of the specifications of the proposed equipment. Offerors shall demonstrate that they meet or exceed each of the items that are listed in section 4.1 –

4.4 REQUIREMENTS of the 5 Axis CNC Mill Purchase Description (PD). Demonstrate a structured approach to preventive maintenance and repair of the 5 Axis CNC Gantry Mill. Include distance from service technicians to Letterkenny Army Depot (LEAD) as well as response time, warranty information, maintenance plan information (if applicable), and parts country of origin and availability. Provide a testing plan in accordance with

6.2 Tests and a training plan in accordance with

6.3 Technical Instruction of the PD. The contractor shall review the salient characteristics provided in the Purchase Description (PD). Offers shall demonstrate that they meet or exceed each of the items that are listed in Requirements section of the 5 Axis CNC Gantry Mill PD. Mere re-statements of the requirements or statements from the Offeror that the offer is compliant that do not include a description of product technical capability is unacceptable. Additional consideration will be provided to those offers that exceed the requirements as provided in the PD and provide additional safety features. Preference will be supplied to those offers that provide the following: HSK 100 spindle and tooling, Renishaw RMP60/RTS Part Probe and Tool Setter, FANUC control, two or more Chip-Conveyor with Coolant Management, larger than a 19 inch color flat screen LCD display, machine has replaceable two head design (one 5 axis variable 8,000 rpm head and one 3 axis, high horsepower, high torque head), machining Envelop larger than 169 Inches Length X 123 Inches Width X 50 Inches and larger tools, and a footprint smaller than 73 Feet Long X 27 Feet Wide. If the offer is determined unacceptable in any of the technical evaluation factors or subfactors, the offer may not be considered for award. In addition to the information submitted by offeror, the Contracting Officer may consider other information reasonably related to the evaluation factors, to include the personal knowledge of the competitor's commercial and Government customers and past performance databases. The Government may consider any other value added benefit offered in its best value determination. The Contracting Officer is not obligated to evaluate all information submitted from each offeror. For example, the Contracting Officer may curtail evaluation of an offeror's submission if at any point the Contracting Officer determines the competitor is unlikely to provide best value. The Contracting Officer may communicate with an offeror at any time during the evaluation without regard to the FAR 15.3 rules concerning competitive range determinations and discussions. The Contracting Officer may also identify the offeror most likely to provide best value and hold negotiations solely with that offeror to finalize the order and/or negotiate more favorable terms for the Government. Factor 2: Past Performance A. The Government will evaluate the offeror’s record of past and current performance to ascertain the probability of successfully performing the required efforts of the PD. B. Offerors shall submit all relevant information on Government and/or commercial contracts for the prime offeror and each major subcontractor, those subcontractors expected to perform twenty (20) percent or more of the effort, in performance or awarded during the past three years, from the issue date of this Request For Quote (RFQ), which are relevant to the efforts required by this RFQ. The Government may consider a wide array of information from a variety of sources, but is not compelled to rely on all of the information available. C. Offerors shall include the most recent and relevant efforts (within the past three years) in their offer. Absent any recent and relevant past performance history or when the performance record is so sparse that no meaningful confidence assessment rating can be reasonably assigned, the offeror will be assigned an “unknown confidence rating” and its offer will not be evaluated either favorably or unfavorably on past performance. The Government may use data provided by the offeror in its offer and data obtained from other sources, including data in Government files or data obtained through interviews with personnel familiar with the contractor and their current and past performance under Federal, State or Local government or commercial contracts for same or similar services as compared to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) 333517. Data used in conducting performance risk assessments shall not extend past three years prior to the issue date of the RFQ but may include performance data generated during the past three years without regard to the contract award date. Factor 3: Price. Offerors must propose on all items. The total evaluated price will be computed by adding the total estimated amount for each item. (End of provision) Contract Clauses: 52.203-3 Gratuities 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements 52.204-13 System for Award Management—Maintenance 52.209-6 Protecting the Government’s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule 52.222-3 Convict Labor 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving 52.228-5 Insurance-Work on a Government Installation 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.232-30 Installment Payments of Commercial Products and Commercial Services 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors 52.233-3 Protest After Award 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights 252.204-7004 Antiterrorism Awareness Training For Contractors 252.204-7008 Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls. 252.204-7009 Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information. 252.204-7012 Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting (DEVIATION 2024-O0013, Revision 1) 252.204-7020 DoD Assessment Requirements 252.204-7022 Expediting Contract Closeout (DEVIATION 2026-O0043) 252.204-7023 Reporting Requirements for Contracted Services 252.205-7000 Provision of Information to Cooperative Agreement Holders 252.211-7003 Item Unique Identification and Valuation 252.211-7008 Use of Government-Assigned Serial Numbers 252.216-7010 Postaward Debriefings for Task Orders and Delivery Orders 252.219-7996 Small Business Subcontracting Plan (DoD Contracts) 252.223-7008 Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium 252.225-7001 Buy American and Balance of Payments Program 252.225-7012 Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities 252.225-7015 Restriction on Acquisition of Hand or Measuring Tools 252.225-7021 Trade Agreements 252.225-7036 Buy American—Free Trade Agreements—Balance of Payments Program 252.225-7052 Restriction on the Acquisition of Certain Magnets, Tantalum, and Tungsten 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region 252.226-7001 Utilization of Indian Organizations, Indian-Owned Economic Enterprises, and Native Hawaiian Small Business Concerns 252.227-7990 Technical Data – Commercial Products and Commercial Services 252.277-7997 Validation of Asserted Restrictions on Technical Data. 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments 252.237-7010 Prohibition on Interrogation of Detainees by Contractor Personnel 252.237-7998 Training for Contractor Personnel Interacting with Detainees 252.240-7997 NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements. 252.243-7002 Requests for Equitable Adjustment 252.244-7999 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea 252.247-7028 Application for U.S. Government Shipping Documentation/Instructions Receipt of quote shall be provided no later than 08 May 2026 at 1200 Eastern Time via email to the Contract Specialist Danielle Rhone at danielle.r.rhone.civ@army.mil and Contracting Officer Thomas Hall at thomas.c.hall111.civ@army.mil. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Danielle Rhone
  - Email: danielle.r.rhone.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 7172678480
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Thomas C. Hall
  - Email: thomas.c.hall111.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 7172675583

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/942f15f10a234bb08cd019f7cea84cc3/view)