---
layout: default
title: 6140--Cart Batteries
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d43e4e85ca904b9e90616fd922c03663
---

# 6140--Cart Batteries

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-01 15:45:58.411-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0584
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) / SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION ABOUT PRICING, DELIVERY, THE MARKET, AND CAPABILITIES IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI FOR PLANNING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a Sources Sought Notice / RFI only. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice / RFI is to gain information about potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 335910 Storage Battery Manufacturing (size standard of 1250 Employees) and/or 811310 Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment Repair and Maintenance (size standard of $10.0 MM). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI, further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcements may be published. The purpose of this contract is to have a vendor to provide all labor, materials, tools, equipment, qualified personnel, and transportation to remove the existing batteries in each of the seven Car Club Carryall 550 utility carts (eight batteries each) and install (1) lithium battery kit, 51 Volts, 105 ampere hours (Ah). The vendor shall properly dispose of the old batteries and any other demolished materials. The vendor shall: Pick up (7) Car Club Carryall vehicles and transport them to the repair facility. Remove the existing batteries from each vehicle Install (1) Eco Lithium Battery Kit, 51 Volt 105 Ah in each vehicle, to include any associated cables, brackets, fittings, harnesses, DC to DC converter, and gauges. Test each vehicle for proper operation. Transport (7) Car Club Carryall vehicles and new battery chargers to VALLHCS PART and EQUIPMENT LIST Part/Equipment Model/Part Number Serial Number Lithium Battery Kit, 51 Volt 105 Ah PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: All work and transportation shall be completed within 45 or less days of contract award. Car Club Carryall vehicles shall be picked up and dropped off at VALLHCS Monday through Friday from 7:00am-3:30pm. Pick up and drop off shall be coordinated with all required parties, including, but not limited to, the vendor, VALLHCS Grounds Supervisor, COR and Chief, Maintenance and Operation. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Work shall be performed at a local authorized Car Club repair facility. LICENSING REQUIREMENTS: Offeror must possess a Club Car Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) certification. Offeror must be registered with the Bureau of Automotive Repair (BAR) and possess a BAR number. Offeror must possess an Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) number. Offeror must be a certified Club Car Carryall dealer and ECO Battery dealer. SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS: Contractor shall schedule start date with POC or designee five (5) business days in advance. The contractor will provide a report on services provided. The contractor shall provide all required, licensed, and certified labor, technicians, equipment, materials, tools, transportation, supervision, safety requirements, personal protective equipment (PPE). Damage to government property may result in additional action. Vendor shall conform to the following standards, policies, regulations, governing agency, and any other local, state, or Federal guidelines that are not listed here OSHA Regulations, www.osha.gov GUARANTEE The contractor will guarantee workmanship and all parts furnished by the contractor for a period of one (1) year from the date of installation. Warrantee for labor will be 1 year from service provided. If your company is interested and capable of providing the required supplies/services, you MUST provide the information indicated below OR your intent, interest to participation, and information provided will not be considered as valid for research purposes. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Submit your capabilities statement illustrating how your organization can/cannot meet the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirements. For instances where your company cannot meet the DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirement(s), please explain. For instances where your company can meet the DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirement(s), please show how your company meets/exceeds each requirement. (2) Please review the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW requirements and provide any additional feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (3) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. (4) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified in this RFI? (5) Are you the manufacturer, authorized distributor, and/or can your company provide a solution to the required supplies/services described in the list of DRAFT/SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS/SOW? (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated/authorized distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified. (8) Limitations on Subcontracting: How does your business ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting as outlined in 13 CFR § 125.6? (9) Are the items you are identifying/providing considered Commercial of the Shelf (COTS) items as defined in FAR Part 2.101 under commercial items? (10) Non-Manufacturer Rule: If applicable, can you confirm your business complies with the Non-Manufacturer rule? Specifically, does your company: Provide a product from a small business manufacturer or processor? Not exceed 500 employees? Primarily engage in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of item being supplied? Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? (11) Please indicate whether your product conforms to the requirements of the Buy American Act? Please indicate if manufacturer is/will be US domestic Small Business / US Domestic Large Business / Foreign. (12) What is your lead time to deliver a single unit with all components? Is there scale in lead time with greater quantities? Please elaborate. (13) What is estimated life span of your solution? What support/services does that entail? (14) Does your organization offer a leasing solution? Please elaborate. (15) Does your company have a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract? If so, please provide the contract number(s). (16) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract holder, are all the items/solutions you are providing information about available on your schedule/contract? Please state if all or some items are available on the contract. (17) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (18) Please provide your SAM.gov Unique Entity ID/Cage Code number. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to sam.choo@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Thursday, April 9, 2026 by 10:00 AM PST. All responses to this Sources Sought/RFI will be used for planning purposes only. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI are not considered a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcement is issued as a result of the information provided from this RFI, all interested parties must respond to the specific posting separately IAW the specifications of that announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Choo, Sam
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Sam.choo@va.gov
  - Phone: Sam.choo@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d43e4e85ca904b9e90616fd922c03663/view)