---
layout: default
title: IRS Martinsburg Enterprise Computing Center (ECC) Roof Replacement Project located in Kearneysville, WV
agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 7d3f0028a32b4164bada841103677119
---

# IRS Martinsburg Enterprise Computing Center (ECC) Roof Replacement Project located in Kearneysville, WV

- Agency: GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 12:37:52.361-04
- Solicitation Number: 47PB5126R0019

## Summary

Solicitation for IRS Martinsburg Electronic Computing Center (IRS ECC) located at 250 Murall Drive, in Kearneysville, WV TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE Project Background The General Services Administration (GSA), Public Buildings Service (PBS), Office of Program and Project Management, has identified a need for Construction Services for a Project at the IRS Martinsburg Electronic Computing Center (IRS ECC) located at 250 Murall Drive, in Kearneysville, WV. The IRS ECC was built around 1997. A mechanical addition on the southwest side of the complex was built in 2011. The building is a mission critical facility with a Level 5 security rating. The project includes the complete removal and replacement of all roof areas throughout the building, as well as the coping, flashing, and lighting protection systems. Some additional scope (installation of new ladders and a complete perimeter fall protection system) is also included. Description of Work The overall roof replacement is about 190,000 SF, including the 2011 addition. In general, the existing roofs consist of ballasted protected membrane roofs (PMR) over structurally sloped concrete slabs. There are also three small awning roofs, totaling roughly 1,300 SF, which consist of EPDM over structurally sloped metal decks, rather than PMR over concrete. The scope of work generally involves the following: Replace existing PMR, coping, flashing, expansion joints, and other roofing accessories Replace lightning protection systems Replace existing rooftop unit structural cross bracing Replace existing EPDM awning roofs Install new fixed exterior access ladders Install new fall protection system throughout building perimeter Options: The scope of work currently shows (3) Options as part of this Solicitation that will be exercised subject to availability of funds, although the Government intends to try to exercise these at the time of award: Option 1 is to include the newest roof (Mechanical Addition) Option 2 is to install fixed exterior access ladders Option 3 is to install new fall protection throughout the entire perimeter of the building. GSA expects to combine all of the above Options into the base bid as part of the 100% CD package. GSA also expects the 100% CD package will include an add alternate for the use of cold-fluid spray-applied waterproofing material in lieu of the hot-rubberized asphalt material as described in the drawings and specs. GSA will develop a schedule for miscellaneous concrete deck repairs as part of the 100% CD package. These repairs should be priced as an Allowance at unit costs. Estimated Price Range The estimated price range is $10,000,000 to $15,000,000. Total Small Business Set-Aside This Solicitation is set-aside for Small Businesses, in accordance with FAR Part 19 (GSA Class Deviation RFO-2025-19). Bid Guarantee FAR 52.228-1 Bid Guarantee (Sep 96) applies but will not be needed until Phase 2. Site Visit Date: March 24, 2026 Time: 1:30PM EST Location: 250 Murall Drive, Kearneysville, West Virginia 25430 Site Visit Registration Site Visit Registration will be required to attend the site visit. A REAL ID or Government-issued PIV card is required to enter the site. Interested Parties will need to submit the site visit registration google form via this link: https://forms.gle/ipmNq8F18EhbLV466 by March 19, 2026 by 4:00PM EST. Please copy and paste the link into your browser to access it or go the LINKS SECTION at the end of this announcement to clink on the link directly, Any names not on that list by that time may be turned away at the facility entrance on March 24th. Attendance requests after the March 19th deadline should be sent via email: to ching.hung@gsa.gov and jonathan.plotkin@gsa.gov. Questions Regarding Phase 1 Submit all questions regarding Phase 1 to the Contracting Officer via email to ching.hung@gsa.gov and cc: jonathan.plotkin@gsa.gov on or before March 30, 2026 using the Request For Information (RFI) submission form issued as part of the solicitation attachments. Any responses provided by GSA will be posted to SAM.GOV as an Amendment to the Solicitation. We will attempt to expedite our responses as quickly as possible. Evaluation of Offers Phase 1 The Government will award a contract resulting from this Solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the Solicitation will be the best value to the Government, Total Evaluated Price and other factors considered. In addition to Total Evaluated Price, the following non-price factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Factor 1 – Prior Experience on Relevant Projects (40%) Factor 2 – Project Management Plan and Approach (30%) Factor 3 – Past Performance on Relevant Projects (30%) Non-Price Factors, when combined, are significantly more important than Total Evaluated Price. SAM Registration Vendors must have an active SAM.gov registration and a valid 12-character Unique Entity ID (UEI) at the time of proposal submission. Receipt of Offers for Phase 1 In order to be considered for award, offers conforming to the requirements of the Solicitation must be received at the following email address no later than 2:00 PM EST on the following date and at the following email address. Offerors will need to submit their proposal on time to be considered. No late proposals are anticipated to be accepted. Date: April 16, 2026 no later than 2:00 PM EST Email Address: ching.hung@gsa.gov Proposals This procurement is being conducted under FAR Part 15 (GSA Class Deviation RFO-2025-15) using a two phase selection process. One contract will be awarded using competitive negotiation. In Phase 1, the Government will evaluate all technical proposals and establish an "advisory short-list" that ranks all Phase 1 Offerors. Phase 1 Offerors will be notified of their ranking by the Government; however, this ranking does not impact Offerors’ ability to submit a proposal for Phase 2. In Phase 2, GSA will evaluate all price proposals, conduct interviews, and perform a best value trade-off analysis in accordance with FAR 15.103-1 and 15.2. The combined weight of the technical evaluation factors is significantly more important than price. All responsible sources may submit a Phase 1 and Phase 2 proposal. Phase 1 Offerors may choose not to submit Phase 2 proposals based on their rankings determined by the Government. If the Contracting Officer determines that the number of proposals exceeds the number at which an efficient competition can be conducted, the Contracting Officer may limit the number of proposals to the greatest number that will permit an efficient competition among the most highly rated proposals, in accordance with FAR 15.204-1(b). PRE-PROPOSAL ACTIVITIES Request for Qualifications-Phase 1 A pre-proposal conference and site visit will be held shortly after issuance of the solicitation. The purpose of this conference will be to provide a briefing on the project and the source selection procedures GSA will use in making the award. The purpose of the site visit is to allow the offerers the opportunity to tour the site. These events will be held simultaneously. Representatives from GSA, IRS, WDP, and AECOM will be present to provide responses to general questions. Specific questions pertaining to the terms and conditions of the solicitation must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Officer who will issue a formal response in the form of an Amendment to the solicitation. Request for Proposal- Phase 2 A Phase 2 pre-proposal conference will be held virtually with the Phase 1 Offerors. The purpose of this pre-proposal meeting is to provide the Offerors with an overview of the Phase 2 process as well as to provide time for the Offerors to ask questions pertaining to the solicitation to address any questions that they may have up to that point. Representatives from GSA, IRS, and other technical consultants will be present to provide responses to general questions. The questions and answers during this meeting will be captured in a formal Amendment and distributed to all Offerors. Post-Submission Oral Presentation As permitted in FAR 15.202(a)(3) (GSA Class Deviation RFO-2025-15), each Offeror will have the opportunity to make a Post-Submission Oral Presentation. The purpose of the Post-Submission Oral Presentation is to allow Offerors an opportunity to further demonstrate their project understanding and abilities by giving an oral presentation to augment the written information submitted in their Phase 1 and Phase 2 proposals. The Contracting Officer will schedule a location, date, and time for the Post-Submission Oral Presentation. The Government will use the Post Submission Oral Presentation as an element of the overall evaluation of the Offeror. Each Offeror will have a maximum of 90 minutes in which to provide a presentation and to engage in dialogue with the Government. Offerors may allot this time in any manner that they so choose. The Offeror’s key personnel as identified in their Phase 1 proposal should attend the Post Submission Oral Presentation in person. The Offeror may also bring additional persons to the presentation (eight total participants maximum). The Government reserves the right to take into consideration the following: The preparedness of key personnel; The ease of interaction between the key personnel; and The extent to which the key personnel are or are not aligned in terms of the overall vision of the project. Each Offeror shall be responsible for providing their own audiovisual, computing, and other technical equipment that it needs to use during the Oral Presentation. To the extent available, and as worked out in advance with the Contracting Officer, the Government may permit each Offeror to utilize available equipment at the location site, such as a screen or TV. The Offeror may not leave any materials with the Government at the conclusion of the presentation. No materials provided will be incorporated into the Contract. No oral statements made by the Government during the Post-Submission Oral Presentation may be used to modify, change, or otherwise alter the Phase 1 or Phase 2 RFP. Information impacting project requirements of the Phase 1 and Phase 2 RFP will be issued in writing by the Contracting Officer to all Offerors as an amendment. ATTACHMENTS The following attachments are being issued as follows to SAM.GOV and be downloaded immediately: 1) Solicitation 2) Agreement 3) Factor 1 Offeror Worksheet, Past Performance Questionnaire & RFI Submission Form GOOGLE DRIVE ATTACHMENTS: The following attachments require special access and will need to be requested for download: You must have a GSA GACA gmail email address or gmail address in order to download the following: 4) Drawings 95% Submission 5) Project Manual 95% Submission 6) Design Narrative 95% Submission Please go to the LINKS SECTION at the end of this announcement to access or you may copy and paste the link directly in your browser to download the above documents for the 95% Drawings, Project Manual, and Design Narrative: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1gQd0FjrgLqp2RAK0UrLHBPCKCmDKxaEH The 100% submission will be issued as part of Phase 2.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ching Hung
  - Email: ching.hung@gsa.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Mark Lewandowski
  - Email: mark.lewandowski@gsa.gov
  - Phone: 2154464576

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7d3f0028a32b4164bada841103677119/view)