---
layout: default
title: Presolicitation Notice for Draeger service maintenance at U.S. Naval Hospital Naples, Italy
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: a504830c3ba943cdad32014824195d4b
---

# Presolicitation Notice for Draeger service maintenance at U.S. Naval Hospital Naples, Italy

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 11:43:37.186-04
- Solicitation Number: HT940626RE003

## Summary

THIS IS A PRESOLICITATION NOTICE. This presolicitation notice, in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 5.204, is posted by the Defense Health Agency (DHA), to announce the intention to issue a Request for Proposal (RFP) for preventive and corrective maintenance of Government owned Draeger Anesthesia Units, Apollo model. The solicitation will be issued using Full and Open Competition procedures under the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. Scope of Work: The contractor shall provide two (2) scheduled preventive maintenance visits per year. The contractor shall provide technical support via an English-speaking service technician. The contractor shall provide unlimited on-site corrective repairs during normal business hours (8:00 A.M. to 4:30 P.M. Monday through Friday). The contractor shall provide replacement parts, technical modifications, working hours and travel necessary to maintain the machines in proper operating condition to assure continued operation at their designated efficiency and capacity. The contractor shall provide preventive and corrective maintenance services on the following equipment: Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Apollo; S/N: ASLJ-0163; ECN: 097145 Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Apollo; S/N: ASLJ-0164; ECN: 097146 Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Apollo; S/N: ASLJ-0165; ECN: 097147 Manufacturer: Dreager Medical Inc; Model: Apollo; S/N: ASLJ-0162; ECN: 097148 Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Infinity Kappa; S/N: 5495671662; ECN: N/A Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Infinity Kappa; S/N: 5495674258; ECN: N/A Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Infinity Kappa; S/N: 5495676060; ECN: N/A Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Infinity Kappa; S/N: 5495678352; ECN: N/A Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Infinity C700; S/N: 416293037; ECN: N/A Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Infinity C700; S/N: 426193040; ECN: N/A Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Infinity C700; S/N: 426193043; ECN: N/A Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Infinity C700; S/N: 426193046; ECN: N/A Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: D Vapor; S/N: ASLF-0316 Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: D Vapor; S/N: ASLF-0315 Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: D Vapor; S/N: ASLF-0317 Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: D Vapor; S/N: ASLF-0318 Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Vapor 2000; S/N: ASLJ-0399 Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Vapor 2000; S/N: ASLJ-0398 Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Vapor 2000; S/N: ASLJ-0400 Manufacturer: Draeger Medical Inc; Model: Vapor 2000; S/N: ASLJ-0491 Preventive Maintenance: The contractor shall perform preventive maintenance services to industry standards. All scheduled servicing shall be accomplished in accordance with manufacturer’s recommendations and/or local maintenance procedure. Scheduled preventive maintenance includes inspecting, calibration, cleaning, oiling by suitable prescribed lubricants, checks and adjustments as necessary, and replacement of broken or worn parts. Only FULLY QUALIFIED ENGINEERS and TECHNICIANS who have gone through Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) or comparable third-party service schools for the above-mentioned equipment, shall be employed in the performance of any and all work performed under this contract. Upon request, the contractor shall provide training certificates (or notarized copies) to the Material Management Department BIOMED Division for verification. The contractor shall provide two (2) maintenance visits for each machine covered under this contract. The contractor shall submit a schedule to the Ordering Activity within fifteen (15) days after an order is placed which details exactly when maintenance is scheduled on each machine. Corrective Maintenance: The contractor shall correct inoperable conditions in a timely manner. The contractor shall provide, immediately upon contract award, Material Management Department BIOMED Division, U.S. Naval Hospital Naples, an emergency telephone number. The contractor shall respond no later than twenty-four (24) working hours after telephone notification Monday-Friday, hours of 0800-1630. The contractor shall provide the work necessary to restore the equipment to a serviceable/operating condition by adjustments, replacement parts, or minor repairs when it is determined that extensive repairs and parts replacements are not necessary. Equipment improvements/modifications shall be made only upon Material Management Department, Biomed Repair Department written approval and direction at no additional cost to the government. The contractor shall notify the Material Management Department, Biomed Repair Department immediately upon receipt of Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) or replacement parts/equipment safety recalls notices. The contractor shall ensure that original design and functional capabilities are not changed, modified, or altered unless the Material Management Department, Biomed Repair Department authorizes such changes in writing. The contractor shall provide suitable OEM recommended repair equipment/tools required for the satisfactory execution of all repairs made at no additional cost to the Government. The contractor shall extend to the Government all commercial warranties on replacement parts, consistent with standard industry inventory. Parts which do not assure efficient operation shall be replaced at no additional cost to the Government. The following are excluded from this contract: Consumables such as circuits, patient filters, masks, balloons, ECG and EG papers Accessories such as valves, probes, ECG cables, NIBP bracelets, defibrillator plates, batteries Software updates and hardware not provided by the manufacturer in order to get new parameters External systems such as electrical systems Laser printers, SVGA no medical monitors and UPS Any service or repair due to a third-party manufacturing defect Any other service or repair due to the use of the machines with software, products, or accessories not compatible with them, provided by us or a different contractor. Period of Performance: The period of performance will be a 12-month base year followed by four (4) 12-month option periods. NAICS Code: The procurement is Unrestricted. The NAICS code is 811210 Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance. The Product/Service Code is J066 – Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment – Instruments and Laboratory Equipment Other: Responses to this presolicitation notice are for information only and shall not be used as an offer or proposal. This is not a request for proposals. The final solicitation will be available in early May 2026. The due date for receipt of proposals will be stated in the solicitation. The solicitation will be available upon request. All interested Offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to receiving an award. You may access SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. Any questions regarding this notification should be directed via email to joshua.m.grim.civ@health.mil .

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Joshua Grim
  - Email: joshua.m.grim.civ@health.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a504830c3ba943cdad32014824195d4b/view)