---
layout: default
title: 6515--EMERGENCY RESPONSE CRASH CARTS
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 50473538639e4206b0a200c1307dfc14
---

# 6515--EMERGENCY RESPONSE CRASH CARTS

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-23 08:17:51.983-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0702
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Presolicitation Notice Presolicitation Notice Page 5 of 7 Presolicitation Notice *=Required Field Presolicitation Notice Page 1 of 7 PRE-SOLICITATION/SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration, Network Contracting Office 16 (NCO16) This SSN is for market research and planning purposes only and shall not be considered an Invitation for Bid (IFB), Request for Task Execution Plan, Request for Quotation (RFQ), or a Request for Proposal (RFP). Additionally, there is no obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any products or services described in this SSN. Your response to this SSN will be treated only as information for the Government to consider. You will not be entitled to payment for direct or indirect costs that you incur in responding to this SSN. This request does not constitute a solicitation for proposals or the authority to enter negotiations to award a contract. No funds have been authorized, appropriated, or received for this effort. Interested parties are responsible for adequately marking proprietary, restricted, or competition-sensitive information contained in their response. The Government does not intend to pay for the information submitted in response to this SSN. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for this requirement 339113, Surgical Appliance and Supplies Manufacturing with a size standard of 800 employees and Product Service Code (PSC) of 6515. PURPOSE: The purpose is to procure sixty (60) fully assembled, emergency crash carts designed for emergency response within a medical center and community living center for the CAVHS in Little Rock, AR. OBJECTIVE: The objective of this RFI/SSN is to find qualified contractors with the ability to provide sixty (60) emergency response crash carts as described below: Salient Characteristics Crash Cart General Description Sixty (60) emergency response crash carts constructed of durable polymer material. Carts must arrive fully assembled, excluding capital equipment and expendable supplies. Functional Requirements Designed for emergency response within a medical center and community living center. Dual locking mechanisms: one for pharmaceuticals and one for supplies. Full locking capability for all drawers. Physical Characteristics Approximate dimensions: Length 2 ft 10.5 in, Width 1 ft 5.75 in, Height 39 in. Three primary drawers plus an additional storage area. Integrated oxygen tank holder, suction rack, sharps container bracket, and defibrillator rack. IV pole (expandable/collapsible), 5-inch casters, steering release pull bar. Required Components & Accessories Includes: 39 H cart, 3 drawer, 6 drawer, outlet strip bracket, outlet strip, adjustable defibrillator tray, Suction pump shelf, shelf, 3 divider kit, 6 divider kit, Cavity tray kit, locking side bin, cord manager, gel bin, Backboard kit, IV pole, sharps bracket. Operational Requirements Secure, organized transport of emergency equipment. Hospital-grade electrical outlet strip integrated into cart. All accessories must securely integrate with the cart frame. Compliance Requirements Must meet or exceed functional and dimensional equivalence of referenced InterMetro cart system. Must meet VA safety, equipment, and installation standards. PLACE OF DELIVERY: 2200 Fort Roots Drive, North Little Rock, AR 72114. RESPONSES REQUESTED: NCO 16 requires the following information and questions answered in this RFI/SSN: Questions and information that are not provided shall be considered nonresponsive to the RFI/SSN, and the contractor may not be considered as part of this market research. Contractors shall provide their points of contact's name(s), address(es), telephone number(s), and email address(es), and the company's business size, SAM Unique Entity Identification Number. Is your company a small business, SDBs, HUBZone, or 8A concern? Please provide proof of qualifications. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code: 339113? Are you an authorized distributor/seller for the equipment listed in the draft SOW? Please provide evidence/authorization/agreement from OEM. Is this a domestic (manufactured in the United States of America) or non-domestic product? If not, what is the country of origin for the proposed product.? Include in your capability statement a list of active contracts for commercial, federal, state, and local governments, like this requirement. List contracts shall provide communication on the government requirement, illustrating the capability for comparison. For this requirement, is your company available under any of the following: Government Wide Agency Contract (GWAC) General Services Administration Services (GSA) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) If so, please list the contract number and SIN. OPPORTUNITY: NCO 16 is seeking information from potential contractors on their ability to meet this requirement. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT FOR INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. Small business concerns are encouraged to respond to this Sources Sought to assist NCO 16 in determining potential levels of competition available in the industry. Contractors shall possess the capability to meet all requirements and objectives. INSTRUCTIONS AND RESPONSE GUIDELINES: Sources Sought responses are due by 5 May 2026 at 1:00 PM CST via email to arlene.blade@va.gov. Telephone requests or inquiries will not be accepted. Public information will not be provided and shall be utilized to the full extent possible. This is a new requirement. The subject line shall read: 36C25626Q0702 RFI-Sources Sought Notice-CAVHS Crash Carts. NO SOLICITATION EXISTS AT THIS TIME. There is no page limitation on subparagraphs 4(a) 4(g). Please provide the information you deem relevant to respond to the specific inquiries of the RFI/SSN. Information provided will be used solely by NCO 16 as market research and will not be released outside of the NCO 16 Purchasing and Contract Team. This RFI/SSN does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP), Invitation for Bid (IFB), or Request for Quotation (RFQ), and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to enter a contract, nor will the Government pay for the information submitted in response to this request. All information contained in this Sources Sought is preliminary as well as subject to modification and is in no way binding on the Government. CONTACT INFORMATION Arlene A. Blade, Contracting Officer Email Address: arlene.blade@va.gov THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES/PROPOSALS; however, any firm that believes it can meet the requirements may provide answers, responses, and give written notification before the response due date and time. Supporting evidence and responses must be furnished in enough detail to demonstrate the ability to perform the requirements.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Arlene A. Blade
  - Title: Contracting Officedr
  - Email: arlene.blade@va.gov
  - Phone: (318) 466-4281

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/50473538639e4206b0a200c1307dfc14/view)