---
layout: default
title: AN/PVS-31D NIGHT VISION DEVICES FOR FOREIGN MILITARY SALES (FMS)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b142741115904cc08bf2e60cbb7c23c6
---

# AN/PVS-31D NIGHT VISION DEVICES FOR FOREIGN MILITARY SALES (FMS)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-16 15:49:26.576-04
- Solicitation Number: W91CRB-26-CO-B-VJK-ANPVS31D

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT FOR AN/PVS-31D NIGHT VISION DEVICES FOR FOREIGN MILITARY SALES (FMS) Description SOURCES SOUGHT FOR AN/PVS-31 NIGHT VISION DEVICES FOR FOREIGN MILITARY SALES (FMS) INTRODUCTION The U.S. Army Contracting Command, Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG) on behalf of the US Army Security Assistance Command Security Assistance Management directorate (USASAC SAMD) is issuing this Sources Sought notice as a means of conducting market research to identify potential sources having an interest in, industry technologies available and capability to fulfill FMS requirements. The result of this sources sought/market survey will contribute to determining the method of procurement if a requirement materializes. Based on the responses to this sources sought notice/market survey, this requirement may be set-aside for small businesses (in full or in part) or procured through full and open competition. It’s anticipated a single award contract will be made. All small business set-aside categories will be considered. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding submissions. The U.S. Government requests that interested parties submit a brief description of your company, your company’s solution, and your ability to meet potential system requirements. DISCLAIMER THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) TO BE SUBMITTED. IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT/MARKET RESEARCH IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. PROGRAM BACKGROUND USASAC SAMD administers and manages FMS cases including requirements for Partner Nations and entities. CECOM SAMD’s goal is to satisfy customer requirements for AN/PVS-31 Night Vision Devices to support the country of Colombia. Colombia has implemented three (3) different FMS cases requiring AN/PVS-31D and AN/PVS-31A systems, accessories, and repair equipment in various quantities. REQUIRED CAPABILITIES The purpose of this market research/sources sought is to identify interested sources that are certified and able to deliver required hardware to support Colombia requirements on three different FMS cases. Request responses describe, the ability of the company to satisfy the requirements in each case. Case 1. The contractor shall deliver: Item/PN Description QTY AN/PVS-31D (NSN 5855-01-685-2918) Binocular Night Vision System with 37 White Phosphor Image Intensifier Tubes, FOM 1600-1800. Each System Includes: -Viewer, Night Vision Kit 1 -Carrying Case 1 -Eye Cups 2 -Lens Caps 2 -Shoulder Strap 1 -Lens Paper 1 pack -Operators Manual 1 -Quick Reference Guide 1 -Wilcox G24 Helmet Mount 1 Case 2. The contractor shall deliver: Item/PN Description QTY AN/PVS-31D (NSN 5855-01-685-2918) Binocular Night Vision system with 19 White Phosphor Image Intensifier Tube, FOM 1600-1800. Each System Includes: -Viewer, Night Vision Kit 1 -Carrying Case 1 -Eye Cups 2 -Lens Caps 2 -Protective Glasses 1 -Lens Paper 1 pack -Operators Manual 1 -Quick Reference Guide 1 -Wilcox G24 Helmet Mount 1 9T1004 Compact Nitrogen Purge Kit 1 14T1001 (NSN 5855-01-689-9116) Specialized Tool Set (Modification Kit) 1 269776 (NSN 5855-01-443-6806) Tool Kit, Night Vision 1 Wilcox G24 Helmet Mount 19 Case 3. The contractor shall deliver: Item/PN Description QTY BNG-001-A28 AN/PVS-31A Night Vision Device 44 with White Phosphor Image Intensifier Tubes, FOM 1600-1800. BNG-020-A28 Image Intensifier Tubes 2 28300G24-B G24 Helmet Mount 44 AN/PVS-31D Night Vision Goggles shall have FOM of 1600-1800. BNG-001-A28 AN/PVS-31A and BNG-020-A28 Image Intensifier Tubes shall have a FOM that does not exceed 2000. Request responses include Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) price and availability (P&A) information for the equipment described in each case to estimate FMS funding requirements. Responses may address all three, one of the three, or any combination of two of the three case requirements. SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Any resulting contract(s) is/are anticipated to have a security classification level of Unclassified. Any resulting contract is also anticipated to involve the exchange of sensitive information requiring the contractor to satisfy a Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 2 (Self) assessment with the possibility of processing, handling, exchanging information that will require CMMC Level 2 (C3PAO) assessment after 10 November 2026. Any resulting contract shall be compliant with the specialty metals restriction of the Berry Amendment (10 U.S.C. 2533a and 2533b) in accordance with DFARS clauses 252.225-7008 and 252.225-7009. ELIGIBILITY NAICS code 333310, Commercial and Service Industry Machinery Manufacturing, Night Vision Optical Devices Manufacturing Product Service Code (PSC) Federal Supply Code (FSC) 5855, Night Vision Equipment, Emitted and Reflected Radiation Submission Details: Interested sources should furnish the following information in the format provided below: (1) Name and address of company, with Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) Code and Unique Entity ID (UEI) number. Any interested company must be registered with SAM. (2) Point of Contact Name, Department, phone number, and email address. (3) Identify past and current services your company offers that exactly MATCH the capabilities specified above. (4) Address your company's capability to act as a single provider for the hardware and services defined herein at a rough order of magnitude (ROM) estimate of cost and delivery time. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. No phone or email solicitations with regards to the status of any resulting request for proposal (RFP) will be accepted prior to its release. (5) Your response to this Sources Sought, including any capabilities statement(s), shall be electronically submitted to Contract Specialist, Milena Pomocka, in either Microsoft Word or Portable Document Format (PDF), via email milena.pomocka.civ@army.mil no later than 3:00p.m. Eastern Daylight Time (EDT) on 31 March 2026. Reference this sources sought number in the e-mail subject line and on all enclosed documents. Responses shall include documented capability to deliver required radio configurations and software. Information and materials submitted in response to this request WILL NOT be returned. DO NOT SUBMIT CLASSIFIED MATERIAL. All data received in response to this Sources Sought that is marked or designated as corporate or proprietary will be fully protected from any release outside the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Milena Pomocka
  - Email: milena.pomocka.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b142741115904cc08bf2e60cbb7c23c6/view)