---
layout: default
title: 6830--Campus Propane Delivery
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b93b1c08ea554b25a5ee0f75fa5baaab
---

# 6830--Campus Propane Delivery

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-31 14:37:53.113-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0376
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought notice only. This is not a request for quotes and no contract will be awarded from this announcement. The Government will not provide any reimbursement for responses submitted in response to this Source Sought notice. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. If a solicitation is issued it shall be announced at a later date, and all interest parties must response to that solicitation announcement separately. Responses to this notice are not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. The purpose of this announcement is to perform market research to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 324110, (Petroleum Refineries) with a size standard 1500 Employees. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Network Contracting Office 1 (NCO 1) is seeking to identify any vendor capable of providing Propane Delivery Services for Togus VA Medical CenterÂ per the Performance Work StatementÂ below. This Sources Sought notice provides an opportunity for respondents to submit their capability and availability to provide the requirement described below. Vendors are encouraged to submit information relative to their capabilities to fulfill this requirement, in the form of a statement that addresses the specific requirement identified in this Sources Sought. Information received from this Sources Sought shall be utilized to facilitate the Contracting Officer s review of the market base, for acquisition planning, size determination, and procurement strategy. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the services are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice by 5:00 PM EST, 10 April 2026. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to Kenya Mitchell at Kenya.Mitchell1@va.gov with RFI # 36C24126Q0376 in the subject line. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. Interested parties should complete the attached Sources Sought Worksheet. Parties may submit additional information related to their capabilities, provided it contains all the requirements contained in the Sources Sought Worksheet. Responses to this Sources Sought shall not exceed 8 pages. In addition, all submissions should be provided electronically in a Microsoft Word or Adobe PDF format. Attachment 1 Sources Sought Worksheet QUALIFICATION INFORMATION: Company / Institute Name: _______________________________________________________ Address: ______________________________________________________________________ Phone Number: ________________________________________________________________ Point of Contact: _______________________________________________________________ E-mail Address: ________________________________________________________________ Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) #:Â ___________________________________________________ CAGE Code: __________________________________________________________________ SAM Registered: (Y / N) Other available contract vehicles applicable to this sources sought (GSA/FSS/NASA SEWP/ETC): __________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS: VIP Verified SDVOSB: (Y / N) VIP Verified VOSB: (Y / N) 8(a): (Y / N) HUBZone: (Y / N) Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Small Business: (Y / N) NOTE: Respondent claiming SDVOSB and VOSB status shall be registered, and Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE) verified in VetBiz Registry www.vetbiz.gov. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SDVOSB, VOSB, SMALL BUSINESSES OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Provide a brief capability and interest in providing the products as listed in Attachment 2 PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT with enough information to determine if your company can meet the requirement. The capabilities statement for this Sources Sought is not a Request for Quotation, Request for Proposal, or Invitation for Bid, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach, but rather the Government is requesting a short statement regarding the company s ability to provide the services outlined in the PWS. Any commercial brochures or currently existing marketing material may also be submitted with the capabilities statement. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ Attachment 2 Statement of Work Campus Propane Place of Performance: VA Maine Healthcare System 1 VA Center, Augusta, ME 04330 Period of Performance: Base year, with up to one (1) option year, based on satisfactory prior performance. VA Maine Healthcare System located at 1 VA Center, Augusta, ME 04330 is seeking a licensed and insured propane delivery provider. The VA Maine Healthcare System uses propane for heating, generators, cooling, and cooking needs. Vendor shall be able to offer propane delivery to 14 locations on the campus. All fill locations are outside and can be filled using a standard delivery truck. Vendor will have to provide their own appropriately sized tanks. Vendor must coordinate with the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) to connect and install their tanks to allow for a minimal disturbance to the system. Each system must be fully functional by the end of each day. Vendor will be responsible for all required tank inspections during the contract base period and option year, if exercised. The VA will not call the supplier when each tank is in need of filling .The supplier shall fill tanks to avoid uninterrupted service and be available on an as-needed basis for emergencies or extremely cold periods when higher fuel consumption is anticipated. All requests for emergency fuel deliveries must be filled within 24 hours of the time the order is placed. Specifics of the propane tank locations, sizes, and historic usage can be found below: Campus Tank Inventory Approximate FY 25 Consumption (gal) 2-100 gallon @ Building 88 Shed Â 310 100 gallon tank @ FIRE DEPT GRILL Â Â Â 100 100 gallon tank @ GAZEBO GRILLS Â Â Â 100 100 gallon tank @ BLG238 BOILER PLNT IGNITION Â 100 100 gallon tank @ QUARTERS 16 GENERATOR Â 100 100 gallon tank @ QUARTERS 18 GENERATOR Â 100 325 gallon tank @ BLDG245 OLD WASTE WATER PLANT 3354 1000 gallon tank @ BLDG255 TANK Â Â Â 1832 1000 gallon tank @ Quarters 1 Â Â Â 8283 1000 gallon tank @ Quarters 2 Â Â Â 3915 1000 gallon tank @ Quarters 3 Â Â Â 4114 1000 gallon tank @ Quarters 4 Â Â Â 3777 2-100 gallon tanks @ BLDG 204 Kitchen Â Â Â 4107 2-100 gallon tanks @ the Mason Hut. Â Â Â Â Â Â 2144 Propane consumption is estimated to be 33,000 gallons annually during this contract period. Vendor shall be responsible for maintaining the tanks (including required inspections) and fuel line going to the regulator, including the regulator. Fuel line from regulator into the building is VA responsible. For clarity, if a propane line or regulator were to fail, corrode, break, or become damaged (aboveground or underground), all associated repair costs shall be performed by the vendor at no additional cost to the VA. This could include excavation and ground/pavement restoration if the line is underground. Vendor shall install their own remote monitoring equipment so tank levels can be checked at the Vendors facility, so deliveries can be scheduled appropriately. Supplier shall also provide a certification for each shipment or delivery that includes: Name of fuel supplier Date of delivery Volume of fuel delivered in shipment per location. Either separate invoice for each tank or a breakdown by tank on one invoice The Contractor must submit a comprehensive Spill Prevention & Response Plan for approval. The Plan must demonstrate effective prevention and containment of any fuel spills. The Contractor must certify that their drivers have been trained on spill prevention. The Plan must also include an effective means of communication during a spill containing 10 or more gallons. The Plan shall include emergency contact numbers for: their own company, remediation companies and State & Federal authorities in the event of a major fuel spill containing 10 or more gallons.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kenya Mitchell
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Kenya.Mitchell1@va.gov
  - Phone: 860-666-6951

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Sources Sought Worksheet QUALIFICATION INFORMATION: Company / Institute Name: _______________________________________________________ Address: ______________________________________________________________________ Phone Number: ________________________________________________________________ Point of Contact: _______________________________________________________________ E-mail Address: ________________________________________________________________ Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) #:Â ___________________________________________________ CAGE Code: __________________________________________________________________ SAM Registered: (Y / N) Other available contract vehicles applicable to this sources sought (GSA/FSS/NASA SEWP/ETC): __________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS: VIP Verified SDVOSB: (Y / N) VIP Verified VOSB: (Y / N) 8(a): (Y / N) HUBZone: (Y / N) Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Women-Owned Small Business: (Y / N) Small Business: (Y / N) NOTE: Respondent claiming SDVOSB and VOSB status shall be registered, and Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE) verified in VetBiz Registry www.vetbiz.gov. BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SDVOSB, VOSB, SMALL BUSINESSES OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Provide a brief capability and interest in providing the products as listed in Attachment 2 PERFORMANCE WORK STATEMENT with enough information to determine if your company can meet the requirement. The capabilities statement for this Sources Sought is not a Request for Quotation, Request for Proposal, or Invitation for Bid, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach, but rather the Government is requesting a short statement regarding the company s ability to provide the services outlined in the PWS. Any commercial brochures or currently existing marketing material may also be submitted with the capabilities statement. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ Attachment 2 Statement of Work Campus Propane Place of Performance: VA Maine Healthcare System 1 VA Center, Augusta, ME 04330 Period of Performance: Base year, with up to one (1) option year, based on satisfactory prior performance. VA Maine Healthcare System located at 1 VA Center, Augusta, ME 04330 is seeking a licensed and insured propane delivery provider. The VA Maine Healthcare System uses propane for heating, generators, cooling, and cooking needs. Vendor shall be able to offer propane delivery to 14 locations on the campus. All fill locations are outside and can be filled using a standard delivery truck. Vendor will have to provide their own appropriately sized tanks. Vendor must coordinate with the Contracting Officer Representative (COR) to connect and install their tanks to allow for a minimal disturbance to the system. Each system must be fully functional by the end of each day. Vendor will be responsible for all required tank inspections during the contract base period and option year, if exercised. The VA will not call the supplier when each tank is in need of filling .The supplier shall fill tanks to avoid uninterrupted service and be available on an as-needed basis for emergencies or extremely cold periods when higher fuel consumption is anticipated. All requests for emergency fuel deliveries must be filled within 24 hours of the time the order is placed. Specifics of the propane tank locations, sizes, and historic usage can be found below: Campus Tank Inventory Approximate FY 25 Consumption (gal) 2-100 gallon @ Building 88 Shed Â 310 100 gallon tank @ FIRE DEPT GRILL Â Â Â 100 100 gallon tank @ GAZEBO GRILLS Â Â Â 100 100 gallon tank @ BLG238 BOILER PLNT IGNITION Â 100 100 gallon tank @ QUARTERS 16 GENERATOR Â 100 100 gallon tank @ QUARTERS 18 GENERATOR Â 100 325 gallon tank @ BLDG245 OLD WASTE WATER PLANT 3354 1000 gallon tank @ BLDG255 TANK Â Â Â 1832 1000 gallon tank @ Quarters 1 Â Â Â 8283 1000 gallon tank @ Quarters 2 Â Â Â 3915 1000 gallon tank @ Quarters 3 Â Â Â 4114 1000 gallon tank @ Quarters 4 Â Â Â 3777 2-100 gallon tanks @ BLDG 204 Kitchen Â Â Â 4107 2-100 gallon tanks @ the Mason Hut. Â Â Â Â Â Â 2144 Propane consumption is estimated to be 33,000 gallons annually during this contract period. Vendor shall be responsible for maintaining the tanks (including required inspections) and fuel line going to the regulator, including the regulator. Fuel line from regulator into the building is VA responsible. For clarity, if a propane line or regulator were to fail, corrode, break, or become damaged (aboveground or underground), all associated repair costs shall be performed by the vendor at no additional cost to the VA. This could include excavation and ground/pavement restoration if the line is underground. Vendor shall install their own remote monitoring equipment so tank levels can be checked at the Vendors facility, so deliveries can be scheduled appropriately. Supplier shall also provide a certification for each shipment or delivery that includes: Name of fuel supplier Date of delivery Volume of fuel delivered in shipment per location. Either separate invoice for each tank or a breakdown by tank on one invoice The Contractor must submit a comprehensive Spill Prevention & Response Plan for approval. The Plan must demonstrate effective prevention and containment of any fuel spills. The Contractor must certify that their drivers have been trained on spill prevention. The Plan must also include an effective means of communication during a spill containing 10 or more gallons. The Plan shall include emergency contact numbers for: their own company, remediation companies and State & Federal authorities in the event of a major fuel spill containing 10 or more gallons

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b93b1c08ea554b25a5ee0f75fa5baaab/view)