---
layout: default
title: S205--Regulated Medical Waste and Sharps Management for Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System (CAVHS)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 189a72545a1b4385bd35186bb078c11b
---

# S205--Regulated Medical Waste and Sharps Management for Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System (CAVHS)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-09 12:12:46.84-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0485
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Title: Regulated Medical Waste and Sharps Management at Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System (CAVHS), AR, 72114. Purpose: The Network Contracting Office (NCO) 16 located at 5075 Westheimer Road, Galleria Financial Center, Suite 750, Houston, Texas, hereby issues the following Sources Sought/ Request for Information (RFI) with the intent of determining the contractor interest, capabilities, qualifications of potential businesses, nonmanufacturer rule compliance, Buy American Act compliance, Trade Agreement compliance and estimated industry pricing information for market research and estimated budgetary purpose for Contractor to assist in Regulated Medical Waste and Sharps Management for Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System (CAVHS), AR, 72114. Notice of Intent to Sole Source. If there are no responses to this notice, a determination by the Government not to compete based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government to sole source the requirement. No response is a response. Government request that interested offerors complete all questions below, provide required documentation, descriptive literature and authorization letter as described below. The Government is in no way obligated to do business with or to enter into any form of contract with any person, firm or other entity that receives or responds to this announcement. Objective: To find qualified and certified contractors with the capability to provide the following: The contractor shall provide all labor, tools, materials, equipment, transportation and supervision necessary to complete all work associated with providing regulated medical waste and reusable sharps container management & disposal services. All work shall be complete and strict in accordance with the Performance Work Statement. Delivery Location: The services will be conducted at Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System facilities: 4300 W. 7th Street, Little Rock, Arkansas, 72205 2200 Fort Roots Drive, North Little Rock, Arkansas, 72114 Additionally, RMW will be collected at the following locations: Conway CBOC at 1520 East Dave Ward Drive, Conway, Arkansas 72032 Searcy CBOC at 1120 South Main Street Searcy, AR 72143-7319 Russellville CBOC at 3106 West 2nd CT. Russellville, AR 72801 Hot Springs CBOC at 177 Sawtooth Oak Street Hot Springs, AR 71901 Pine Bluff CBOC 2906 Market St. Pine Bluff, AR 71601 El Dorado CBOC 460 W Oak St, El Dorado, AR 71730 Period of Performance: Base Plus Four (4) Option Years. Opportunity: NCO 16, is seeking information from potential contractors on their ability to provide this requirement. THIS IS A NOTICE OF INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE and SOURCES SOUGHT FOR REQUEST INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. Small Business Concerns are encouraged to provide responses to this Sources Sought in order to assist the CAVHS in determining potential levels of competition available in the industry. Contractor shall possess the capability to provide all requirements and objectives. Instructions and Response Guidelines: Sources Sought responses are due by 03/18/2026 at 3:00 PM (CST) via email to t.miller@va.gov. Telephone requests or inquires will not be accepted. Public Information will not be provided and shall be utilized to the full extent possible. This a New Requirement. The subject line shall read: 36C25626Q0485 - Sources Sought Regulated Medical Waste and Sharps Management. NO SOLICITATION EXISTS AT THIS TIME. There is no page limitation on subparagraphs 6(a) - 6(c17). Please provide the information you deem relevant in order to respond to the specific inquiries of the Sources Sought. Information provided will be used solely by CAVHS as "market research" and will not be released outside of the CAVHS Purchasing and Contract Team. This Sources Sought notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP), Invitation for Bid (IFB), or Request for Quotation (RFQ), and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to enter into a contract, nor will the Government pay for the information submitted in response to this request. All information contained in this Sources Sought is preliminary as well as subject to modification and is in no way binding on the Government. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the U.S. Government to form a binding contract. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on Contracting Opportunities (https://beta.sam.gov/) website or GSA. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this Sources Sought, or future RFP/RFQ. Contact Information: Contracting Specialist, T Miller Email address: t.miller@va.gov THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES/PROPOSALS; however, any firm that believes it can meet the requirements may provide answers, responses and give written notification prior to the response due date and time. Supporting evidence and responses. Your responses to this notice are appreciated. DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: T Miller
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: t.miller@va.gov
  - Phone: 713-791-1414 x229073

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/189a72545a1b4385bd35186bb078c11b/view