---
layout: default
title: S205--Trash Removal Services Grand Junction, Colorado
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: d8e3c5dd15b94494bab615a843996a2a
---

# S205--Trash Removal Services Grand Junction, Colorado

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-08 14:05:17.892-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0384
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Amendment 001 to Solicitation #36C25926Q0384 (Trash Removal Services) This amendment s purpose is to: Remove a line item no longer needed (0008, 1008, 2008, 3008, and 4008) Provide an updated SOW with the removal of the line item List and answer the questions submitted by the questions deadline as specified in the solicitation. Line item 0008 (and all corresponding line items in subsequent option years: 1008, 2008, 3008, 4008) is hereby removed from the solicitation for the recycling services of wooden pallets. All wooden pallets shall be smashed by VA employees and placed in the 30-yard roll off dumpster. Line Item Description Qty Unit of Measure 0001 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1) 8-yard Compactor (3x/week + 12 additional; estimated) 168 JB 0002 Monthly 8-yard Compactor Rental 12 MO 0003 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: two (2), 8-yarder Trash Bin Containers (2x/week) 104 JB 0004 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1), 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster (2x/month + 6 additional; estimated) 30 JB 0005 Disposal Fee per Ton (for 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster) Approx. four (4) tons per haul; up to 30 hauls per year 120 EA 0006 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: twelve (12), 96-gallon Recycling Carts (1x/week) 52 JB 0007 Monthly Baler Rental with Baled Cardboard Pick-ups (1x/every 2 weeks) 12 MO 0008 Recycling of Wooden Pallets (2x/month) 24 JB **Remove 1008, 2008, 3008 and 4008 from all quotes recycling of pallets no longer needed in any year of performance* Updated Statement of Work section: REQUIREMENTS: Contractor shall provide containers and services as listed below: One (1), eight (8) yard compactor emptied three (3x) times per week (an additional 12 pickups/hauls/jobs added in case of unanticipated increased need throughout the year, as needed). The services shall be completed on the agreed upon schedule of three (3) pickups per week on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. The trash compactor must be provided by the vendor. Any costs for the rental fee should be included in the line item listed above. Costs for installation and removal should be included in the rate. The compactor shall be bolted to the ground and include a detachable container for dumping solid waste only. A new replacement container for the compactor shall be provided by the Contractor twice per year approx.. every 6 months. The Contractor shall power wash the cement prior to the replacement of the new container for the compactor Two (2), eight (8) yarder trash bin containers emptied two times (2x) per week. One (1), 30 yard roll off dumpster emptied two times (2x) per month (an additional 6 pickups/hauls/jobs added in case of unanticipated increased need throughout the year, as needed). The facility may require unscheduled additional pickup outside of the regular schedule depending on ongoing project and facility needs. The VA COR shall coordinate with the vendor when additional, unscheduled pickups are required. Disposal fees for each haul shall be invoiced specifying how many tons are included for the haul. Based on past performance, no haul for the 30-yard dumpster is expected to exceed four (4) tons. Twelve (12), 96-gallon recycling carts, emptied one time (1x) per week for aluminum, paper, plastic, and tin. One (1), baler for cardboard cardboard bale pick-ups once every two weeks. Shall be leased to facility; NOT purchased. Installation of the baler and ongoing maintenance shall be included The cost of hauling the baled cardboard should be priced in the monthly rental fee. The vendor s monthly rate should take into consideration any additional revenue received for recycling the baled cardboard. Recycling of wooden pallets pick-ups shall be two times (2x) per month. Pallets shall not be put in the 30 yard roll off dumpster as regular waste/trash Contractor shall ensure pallets are not destroyed and are brought to a recycling facility **Additionally, the WCHCS may request additional pickups if the volume of trash /recycling generated warrants additional pickups those additional pickups/hauls have been accounted for as an additional quantity in the cost/price schedule. If the Contractor anticipates they will need to exceed the total number of total hauls for the year, as much advance notice as possible (at least 30 days) should be provided to the station POC as well as the Contracting Officer. No additional hauls that exceed the annual total should be scheduled or completed without the Contractor first receiving a modification to the contract that incorporates those additional services/jobs. Disposal services shall include but are not limited to landfill fees, taxes and/or additional expenses (gas, overfill, etc.) related to the disposal of trash, garbage, and any recycling fees. Any trash or garbage scattered by the contractor on the Medical Center grounds shall be immediately recovered and removed by the Contractor. The pickup area shall be left in a clean oil-free sanitary condition. All debris dropped by the contractor shall be promptly removed by the Contractor. The Contractor shall return all containers to their proper position. The WCHCS will furnish the necessary electric power to run the hydraulic power system. The contractor shall be responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of the hydraulic power compactor. Trucks and compactors shall be maintained and in good repair so as not to leak hydraulic fluid and other oils/fluids onto the WCHCS grounds and facilities. If the WCHCS determines that the area is not being kept clean by the contractor, the WCHCS will clean the affected area and charge the cleaning to the contractor. Questions and Answers: Would the Government consider allowing the contractor to provide an 8yd dumpster for cardboard instead of the baler since only one bale is being generated every two weeks? The station is unable to accept an alternative to the baler for their needs in this requirement. Offerors shall provide a baler for cardboard as requested. Would the Government consider allowing the contractor to provide an additional 20yd open top for pallets?Â Due to the removal of the line item for recycling of the wooden pallets an additional open top container will not be needed. VA staff shall smash the wooden pallets and add them to the 30-yard roll-off dumpster for regular disposal. Would the Government consider allowing the contractor to provide the 12 96-gallon toters (if still needed for internal collection) and an 8yd dumpster for hauling single stream recycling instead of providing toter hauling service?Â The (12) 96-gallon toters are ideal, and preferred,Â in place of a dumpster.Â Lifting and Loading into the dumpster is a concern especially during inclement and windy weather.Â What material is being collected in the 30yd open top (e.g., bulky waste going to landfill or something else)?Â Furniture turn-ins, broken equipment, empty 55 gal. containers, (on occasion; carpet, etc.) and the smashed wood pallets.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Stephanie Cahill
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Stephanie.Cahill@va.gov
  - Phone: 303-712-5841

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d8e3c5dd15b94494bab615a843996a2a/view)