---
layout: default
title: SOLICITATION: 415 SCMS STRATEGIC MAC IDIQ CONTRACT
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: cbc71db00c474922976e3deefd6e2f8d
---

# SOLICITATION: 415 SCMS STRATEGIC MAC IDIQ CONTRACT

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 17:06:28.455-04
- Solicitation Number: FA825026R0001

## Summary

UPDATE 15 APRIL 2026: Thank you for your interest in this opportunity. The initial proposal window for the 415 SCMS Strategic MAC IDIQ closed 02 April 2026. The first round of on-boarding for new vendors, or current vendors qualifying on additional NSNs, will begin November 2026. If you are interested in participating on this effort, see the Repair Qualification Requirements (RQR) Attachment 1 for a full list of the NSNs associated with this MAC IDIQ; you may refer to the Performance Work Statement (PWS) and Ordering Procedures for contract scope, requirements and full on-boarding procedures. If interested in qualification, please begin preparing your SAR packages and/or waivers for approval as soon as possible. All technical data requests should be directed to the contracting officer listed below. Contractors should submit SAR packages as soon as they are able to for ample review and revision time, if necessary. Any additional questions or concerns can be directed to the contracting officer listed below. UPDATE 30 MARCH 2026: ALL Letters of Intent must be submitted by 02 April 2026 @ 12:00 PM MST. SAR packages should be submitted by 02 April 2026 @ 12:00 PM MST. SAR packages submitted after 02 April 2026 may be considered for award if evaluation and qualification can take place prior to contract award. If evaluation and qualification of SAR packages submitted after the deadline cannot be completed in time for initial contract award, they will be considered for the first round of on-boarding slated for December 2026. This requirement is restricted to qualified sources. Initial contract award shall not be delayed to qualify new sources if submitted after 02 April 2026. NOTICE: Solicitation (FA8250-26-R-0001) Requirements Owner: 415 SCMS, Hill AFB RESPONSE DATE: 02 APRIL 2026 @ 12:00 PM MST This response date includes submitting all information IAW Sections L & M. Qualification packages IAW the RQR must also be submitted by 02 April 2026 @ 12:00 PM MST to be considered for the initial contract award. Qualification packages may be submitted early. If you are requesting access to technical data, please email cydnee.simpson@us.af.mil as soon as possible. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS: Have been published with this update. Please see the Questions and Answers attachment. 415 SCMS STRATEGIC MAC IDIQ CONTRACT REQUIREMENT: 415 SCMS Strategic Multiple Award Contract (MAC) Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ). 415 SCMS is working to establish a MAC IDIQ for repair services. This requirement will cover 11 weapon systems and approximately 124 NSNs. Repair design(s) shall meet or exceed the system requirements and shall be Form, Fit, Function and Interface (FFFI). CONTRACT-TYPE: MAC IDIQ TASK ORDERS CONTRACT TYPE: Firm-Fixed Price PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE (PoP): 5-year basic ordering period with one 5-year option, for a potential total contract length of 10 years EVALUATION CRITERIA: Evaluation Criteria can be found in attachments Section L&M ESTIMATED CONTRACT AWARD DATE: 01 June 2026 RESTRICTED TO QUALIFIED SOURCES: See FAR Part 52.209-1 The requirements of FAR 9.202(a) apply. Sources must be qualified prior to being considered for award. Interested vendors that have not been previously approved for this acquisition must submit a Source Approval Request (SAR) package to the Source Development Small Business Office or the Contracting Officer. As prescribed in FAR 9.202(e), the contracting officer need not delay a proposed award in order to provide a potential offeror with an opportunity to demonstrate its ability to meet the standards specified for qualification in the attached Repair Qualification Requirements (RQR). Qualification packages and/or waivers should be submitted as soon as possible to allow the 415 SCMS engineers ample time to review/approval qualification.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Cydnee Simpson
  - Email: cydnee.simpson@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Nick Standiford
  - Email: nicholas.standiford@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for a full list of the NSNs associated with this MAC IDIQ; you may refer to the Performance Work Statement (PWS) and Ordering Procedures for contract scope, requirements and full on-boarding procedures. If interested in qualification, please begin preparing your SAR packages and/or waivers for approval as soon as possible. All technical data requests should be directed to the contracting officer listed below. Contractors should submit SAR packages as soon as they are able to for ample review and revision time, if necessary. Any additional questions or concerns can be directed to the contracting officer listed below. UPDATE 30 MARCH 2026: ALL Letters of Intent must be submitted by 02 April 2026 @ 12:00 PM MST. SAR packages should be submitted by 02 April 2026 @ 12:00 PM MST. SAR packages submitted after 02 April 2026 may be considered for award if evaluation and qualification can take place prior to contract award. If evaluation and qualification of SAR packages submitted after the deadline cannot be completed in time for initial contract award, they will be considered for the first round of on-boarding slated for December 2026. This requirement is restricted to qualified sources. Initial contract award shall not be delayed to qualify new sources if submitted after 02 April 2026. NOTICE: Solicitation (FA8250-26-R-0001) Requirements Owner: 415 SCMS, Hill AFB RESPONSE DATE: 02 APRIL 2026 @ 12:00 PM MST This response date includes submitting all information IAW Sections L & M. Qualification packages IAW the RQR must also be submitted by 02 April 2026 @ 12:00 PM MST to be considered for the initial contract award. Qualification packages may be submitted early. If you are requesting access to technical data, please email cydnee.simpson@us.af.mil as soon as possible. QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS: Have been published with this update. Please see the Questions and Answers attachment. 415 SCMS STRATEGIC MAC IDIQ CONTRACT REQUIREMENT: 415 SCMS Strategic Multiple Award Contract (MAC) Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ). 415 SCMS is working to establish a MAC IDIQ for repair services. This requirement will cover 11 weapon systems and approximately 124 NSNs. Repair design(s) shall meet or exceed the system requirements and shall be Form, Fit, Function and Interface (FFFI). CONTRACT-TYPE: MAC IDIQ TASK ORDERS CONTRACT TYPE: Firm-Fixed Price PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE (PoP): 5-year basic ordering period with one 5-year option, for a potential total contract length of 10 years EVALUATION CRITERIA: Evaluation Criteria can be found in attachments Section L&M ESTIMATED CONTRACT AWARD DATE: 01 June 2026 RESTRICTED TO QUALIFIED SOURCES: See FAR Part 52.209-1 The requirements of FAR 9.202(a) apply. Sources must be qualified prior to being considered for award. Interested vendors that have not been previously approved for this acquisition must submit a Source Approval Request (SAR) package to the Source Development Small Business Office or the Contracting Officer. As prescribed in FAR 9.202(e), the contracting officer need not delay a proposed award in order to provide a potential offeror with an opportunity to demonstrate its ability to meet the standards specified for qualification in the attached Repair Qualification Requirements (RQR). Qualification packages and/or waivers should be submitted as soon as possible to allow the 415 SCMS engineers ample time to review/approval qualification

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cbc71db00c474922976e3deefd6e2f8d/view)