---
layout: default
title: J059--Strax/Hiperwall/AV Support Services- Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 9bc538e3ec814d08886b3d5719e9d6dd
---

# J059--Strax/Hiperwall/AV Support Services- Greater Los Angeles VA Healthcare System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-26 17:29:21.095-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0563
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Announcement: This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY , it is neither a solicitation announcement nor a request for proposals or quotes and does not obligate the Government to award a contract. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. Responses to this sources-sought must be in writing. The purpose of this sources sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential sources capable of providing the services described in the below statement of work. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) Company name: (b) Address: (c) Point of Contact: (d) Phone, Fax (if applicable), and Email: (e) Unique Entity ID: (f) Cage Code: (g) Tax ID Number: (h) Type of business, SDVOSB; VOSB, WOSB, small, large, etc., as appropriate: (i) Must provide a Capability Statement that addresses the organization s qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the statement of work draft described below. Failure to provide sufficient information may result in the Government s inability to determine whether the respondent is capable. GENERAL STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITY ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE. STATEMENT OF WORK Background. The requirement will be for a contractor to provide user training and system maintenance and support services for the facility s existing Audio-Visual (AV) system, Hiperwall and Strax that is currently integrated into the Greater Los Angeles VA (VAGLA) Emergency Management program for situational awareness, hospital operational readiness. The system is on a closed loop network that is not on the VA network. Scope. This contract is to provide user training, system maintenance, onsite and remote service, field exercises for the Strax Intelligence platform, Hiperwall video maintenance and support, Audio Visual maintenance and support. Place of Performance VA West Los Angeles-11301 Wilshire Blvd. Bldg 222 Rms 200, 204, 205 Bldg 500 Rms 1281, 3232, 6400, 6420, Sim Center Los Angeles CA 90073 Contracting Officer s Representative (COR): Name: Section: Safety/Emergency Management Address: 11301 Wilshire Blvd, Bldg 222, Rm 200, Los Angeles, Ca 90073 Phone Number: Fax Number: E-Mail Address: PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE (POP) One base year period, followed by four one-year option periods. Contractor Tasks Contractor shall provide the following: Strax Platform: Onsite training of new personnel and existing personnel includes tabletop exercises and an annual drill. 24/7/365 remote support, with onsite support within 24hrs. On site emergency response for incident response with 24hrs. On site and remote support/maintenance for PoDD(Portable Datalink Devices) devices. Onsite Autel Drone maintenance. Hiperwall: On site regular maintenance includes software updates. On site system optimization- making sure all hardware and software are fully optimized on a regular basis. Software license renewal for all locations. On-site support for presentations and training in all locations. Audio Visual Support: Must have 24hr support virtually and an onsite response time of 24hrs. Hardware maintenance must be checked on a quarterly basis and firmware updated. Teleconferencing maintenance must be done quarterly. On-site support for presentations and support for large events. Direct View LED (DVLED) maintenance to include replacing faulty tiles and receiving cards. Provide color balancing for video walls and ancillary displays. Audio System maintenance to include tuning and adjustments of Digital Signal Processing (DSP) levels. Microphone maintenance to include tuning and adjustments. Lighting control maintenance for all lighting controllers. Occupancy sensor maintenance. Matrix switch/NVX streaming maintenance. Hardware updates to include shading solutions. One Beyond maintenance to include Firmware updates, room configuration updates, retuning the microphone system, changing seating arrangement labels. Include detailed wiring diagrams for SIM Center equipment in the first year. CyberIQ Installation and Support: Installation and provisioning of platform. Deployment and configuration. Initial device discovery. Video Management System- Camera detection and monitoring. Electrical signature detection. Port level awareness. Instant Anomaly Detection. Automated Trust Scoring. Must provide 24/7/365 support virtually and on site. Equipment List for Maintenance: Digital Video LED VideoWalls Wall Mounted displays Crestron Control Systems Lighting Control Systems and Keypads Occupancy Control Systems and Sensors Matrix Switches and NVX Streaming Media Audio Digital Signal Processors Communications Equipment VTC Conference Equipment Crestron One Beyond Camera System Crestron Shading Solutions Contractor must provide the following certifications at time of proposal submission: STRAX Intelligence Certified Reseller, Technician, and Instructor Hiperwall Master Level Installer and Technician AVIXA CTS - Certified Technology Specialist Pakedge PCNA - Pakedge Certified Network Administrator Department of Transportation - Federal Aviation Administration Part 107 Small Unmanned Aircraft System Pilot Crestron Electronics CTI-P101 - Foundations of Crestron Programming CTI-P201 - Core System Programming DMC-S Digital Media Certified Streaming Engineer DMC-D-4K - Digital Media Certified 4K Designer DMC-E-4K - Digital Media Certified 4K Engineer DMC-T-4K - Digital Media Certified 4K Technician CTI-FUSION-P - Fusion Programmer DM-NVX-N - DigitalMedia Networking CTI-SG - Smart Graphics Certified Audio Technician Avia Audio Solutions Engineer Certified Shading Technician Autel Robotics - Direct Dealer Dejero Labs - Direct Dealer Important Information: The Government is not obligated to - nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this sources-sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. The VA is mandated by Public Law 109-461 to consider a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business set aside. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open competition may be determined. The information identified above is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive and to indicate the quality of the supplies/services that will be satisfactory. It is the responsibility of the interested source to demonstrate to the government that the interested parties can provide the supplies and services that fulfill the required specifications. If you are interested and are capable of providing the sought-out supplies/services, please provide the requested information as well as the information indicated below. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Is your business a: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.? (2) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? (3) Does your company have FSS GSA/NASA SEWP/NAC or any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. Notice to Potential Offerors: All offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Additionally, all small business concerns who respond to a solicitation must be registered in sba.gov. All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail to Jennell.christofaro@va.gov. All information submissions to be marked Attn: Jennell Christofaro; Contract Specialist and should be received no later than 2:00 PM Pacific Time on April 7, 2026.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennell Christofaro
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: jennell.christofaro@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9bc538e3ec814d08886b3d5719e9d6dd/view)