---
layout: default
title: AFIT/CE PH3 Private Office Furniture – Facility 20643
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: d246f3e1855346a09d7e7e630f89d211
---

# AFIT/CE PH3 Private Office Furniture – Facility 20643

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 08:58:42.168-04
- Solicitation Number: FA860126Q0025

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Please disregard all documents received prior to this Amendment dated 4/1/2026. All previous documents are no longer valid and should be destroyed to prevent confusion in proposal responses. Current and updated documents have been posted with this solicitation as of 4/1/2026. Questions and answers extended to Monday 6 April 2026, 11:00 am EST. Proposal due date extended to Wednesday 8 April 2026, 11:00 am EST. Solicitation Amendment FA860125Q00250001 Instructions to Offerors – Solicitation FA8601-26-Q-0025 AFLCMC/PZI Installation Contracting Support Wright-Patterson AFB, OH 45433 AFIT/CE PH3 Private Office Furniture - Facility 20643 Department/Ind. Agency - Department of Defense (DoD) Sub-Tier - Department of the Air Force (DAF) Major Command - Air Force Material Command (AFMC) Sub-Command - Air Force Life Cycle Management Center (AFLCMC) Office - FA8601 AFLCMC PZIO Contract Opportunity Type - Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Original Set-Aside - N/A Product Service Code - 7110 NAICS Code - 337214 Place of Performance - Wright-Patterson AFB, OH 45433 Contract Specialist Contact - Brian Algeo (brian.algeo.1@us.af.mil) Contract Officer Contact - Candice Snow (candice.snow@us.af.mil) The Government reserves the right to award without discussions or make no award at all depending on 1) the quality of quotations received and 2) whether proposed prices are determined to be fair and reasonable. Description: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services in accordance with the formation in FAR 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. This combined synopsis/solicitation is expected to result in the award of a firm-fixed-price contract for AFIT/CE PH3 Private Office Furniture – Facility 20643 as described in the requirements section of this combined synopsis/solicitation and accompanying attachments. This solicitation incorporates FAR provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06, effective 27 August 2025; Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) Publication Notice (DPN) 20251110, effective 10 November 2025; and Department of the Air Force Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DAFFARS) Air Force Acquisition Circular (AFAC) 2024-0515, effective 15 May 2024. This announcement constitutes the only combined synopsis/solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. An award, if any, will be made to the lowest priced Offeror who submits a proposal that: Conforms to the requirements of the combined synopsis/solicitation Receives a rating of “Acceptable” on the Technical Capability evaluation factor. Contains the lowest total evaluated price (TEP), provided that the TEP is not unbalanced and is fair and reasonable. *Please include the total quoted price in the submission email or on a cover page of the quote. The combined synopsis/solicitation number of this requirement is FA8601-26-Q-0025 and is hereby issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ) using FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and FAR Part 13.5, Simplified Procedures for Certain Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Acceptable means of Submission: All submissions must be submitted electronically to both the Contracting Officer (Candice Snow, candice.snow@us.af.mil) and the Contracting Specialist (Brian Algeo, brian.algeo.1@us.af.mil), by Wednesday, 8 April 2026, by 11:00 AM EST. Any correspondence sent via email must contain the subject line “FA8601-26-Q-0025, AFIT/CE PH3 Private Office Furniture - Facility 20643”. The entire proposal must be contained in a single email, unless otherwise approved, including attachments. Please note: due to the email server, any emails that exceed 5 megabytes might not go through. Emails with compressed files are not permitted. Note that email filters at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base are designed to filter emails without subject lines or with suspicious subject lines or content (i.e., .exe or .zip files). Therefore, if the specified subject line is not included, the email may not get through the email filters. Also be advised that .zip or .exe files are not allowable attachment and may be deleted by the email filters at Wright-Patterson. If sending attachments with email, ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls, or .xlsx documents are sent. The email filter may delete any other form of attachments. A confirmation email will be sent once the proposal is received. If you do not receive a confirmation email within 24 hours of submitting the proposal, please reach out to the point of contacts listed on the solicitation. Submittal of proposals in response to this combined synopsis/solicitation constitutes agreement by the Offeror to all terms & conditions contained herein, which will also be the terms & conditions of any resulting contract. It is the Offerors responsibility to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. Clauses and provisions in full text may be accessed via the internet website https://www.acquisition.gov. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions or make no award depending upon the quality, price fairness, and price reasonableness of the proposals received. Period of Performance: Completion NLT 30 April. Delivery Destination: Identified in SOW. Delivery Type: FOB Destination (As defined in FAR 2.101 – Definitions, the seller or consignor is responsible for the cost of shipping and risk of loss). Inspection and Acceptance: Both inspection and acceptance will be by the Government at Destination. Requirement: AFIT/CE PH3 Private Office Furniture - Facility 20643 (IAW the SOW dated3/27/2026). Contract Type: The anticipated award is Firm-Fixed Price. Basis for Award: The Basis of Award is set forth in FAR clause 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as included in the solicitation. Technical or Quality: The proposal will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government’s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to offerors section of the solicitation. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. Required Proposal Items: Proposals may be in any format but MUST include: Proposing company’s name, address, SAM Unique ID, Cage Code, and TIN Point of contact’s name, phone, and email Proposal number & date Timeframe that the proposal is valid Individual item price Total Price (Net 30), No Progress Payments Shipping (FOB Destination) Completed copy of Representations and Certifications Itemized price-list which includes the dimensions and specification of each typical Provide overall floorplan drawing, overall 3D rendered floorplan, and detailed 3D renderings for each typical See Statement of Work for additional quote requirements Important Notice to Contractors: Proposals MUST also contain a complete description of items offered and any technical manuals or literature to clearly show that the items meet or exceed the requirements outlined in the Statement of Work Important Notice to Contractors: All prospective awardees are required to register at the System for Award Management (SAM) and to maintain active registration during the life of the contract. SAM can be accessed at https://www.sam.gov. Any award resulting from this combined synopsis/solicitation will include DFARS Clause 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests. Section 1008 of the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2001 requires any claims for payment (invoices) under DoD contract to be submitted in electronic form. Wide Area Workflow – Receipt and Acceptance (WAWF – RA) is the DoD system of choice for implementing this statutory requirement. Use of the basic system is at no cost to the contractor. Contractors must complete vendor training, which is also available at no cost at http://www.wawftraining.com. Prior to submitting invoices in the production system, contractors must register for an account at http://wawf.eb.mil/. Important Notice to Contractors: Due to issues with SAM.gov the drawing files are unsupported and cannot be attached to the combined synopsis/solicitation. Please contact the POC listed below for a copy of the drawing files. Request for Information (RFIs): The Government will accept questions concerning solicitation number FA860126Q0025 until 6 April 2026 at 11:00 AM EDT. Email your questions on a .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx document to Brian Algeo, brian.algeo.1@us.af.mil and Candice Snow, candice.snow@us.af.mil. Any questions received after this date and time may not be considered. Additional Instructions to Offerors: The following paragraphs in the provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items, are tailored as follows: North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard are as specified in the solicitation document. Submission of offers is as prescribed in the text of this combined synopsis/solicitation. Proposal Content: The proposals may be in any format, but shall consist of two separate parts, a technical proposal and a price proposal. Proposal Detail: The proposal shall be clear, concise, and shall include sufficient detail for effective evaluation and for substantiating the validity of stated claims. The proposal should not simply rephrase or restate the Government’s requirements, but rather shall provide convincing rationale to address how the offeror intends to meet the listed requirements. Offerors shall assume that the Government has no prior knowledge of their facilities or experience and will base its evaluation on the information presented in the offer submitted. Embellishments Not Desired: Elaborate brochures or documentation, binding, detailed artwork, or other embellishments are unnecessary and are not desired. Technical Proposal: Describe how the offeror will provide for the furniture as described in the SOW. Attachments: 1. Solicitation - FA860126Q00250001 2. Statement of Work (SOW) 3. Offeror Reps and Cert 4. Design 05a PLN-ID03 5. Design 05b-CTS05-CH1p 6. Design 05b-CTS07-CH3 7. Design 05b-CTS02-PO2 8. Design 05b-CTS04-CH6 9. Design 05b-CTS06-GS1 10. Design 05b-CTS08-T3 11. Design 05b-CTS09-T2 12. Design 05b-CTS10-OT1

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Brian Algeo
  - Email: brian.algeo.1@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Candice Snow
  - Email: candice.snow@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: may be deleted by the email filters at Wright-Patterson. If sending attachments with email, ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls, or .xlsx documents are sent. The email filter may delete any other form of attachments. A confirmation email will be sent once the proposal is received. If you do not receive a confirmation email within 24 hours of submitting the proposal, please reach out to the point of contacts listed on the solicitation. Submittal of proposals in response to this combined synopsis/solicitation constitutes agreement by the Offeror to all terms & conditions contained herein, which will also be the terms & conditions of any resulting contract. It is the Offerors responsibility to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. Clauses and provisions in full text may be accessed via the internet website https://www.acquisition.gov. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions or make no award depending upon the quality, price fairness, and price reasonableness of the proposals received. Period of Performance: Completion NLT 30 April. Delivery Destination: Identified in SOW. Delivery Type: FOB Destination (As defined in FAR 2.101 – Definitions, the seller or consignor is responsible for the cost of shipping and risk of loss). Inspection and Acceptance: Both inspection and acceptance will be by the Government at Destination. Requirement: AFIT/CE PH3 Private Office Furniture - Facility 20643 (IAW the SOW dated3/27/2026). Contract Type: The anticipated award is Firm-Fixed Price. Basis for Award: The Basis of Award is set forth in FAR clause 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as included in the solicitation. Technical or Quality: The proposal will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government’s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to offerors section of the solicitation. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices, including all options. Required Proposal Items: Proposals may be in any format but MUST include: Proposing company’s name, address, SAM Unique ID, Cage Code, and TIN Point of contact’s name, phone, and email Proposal number & date Timeframe that the proposal is valid Individual item price Total Price (Net 30), No Progress Payments Shipping (FOB Destination) Completed copy of Representations and Certifications Itemized price-list which includes the dimensions and specification of each typical Provide overall floorplan drawing, overall 3D rendered floorplan, and detailed 3D renderings for each typical See Statement of Work for additional quote requirements Important Notice to Contractors: Proposals MUST also contain a complete description of items offered and any technical manuals or literature to clearly show that the items meet or exceed the requirements outlined in the Statement of Work Important Notice to Contractors: All prospective awardees are required to register at the System for Award Management (SAM) and to maintain active registration during the life of the contract. SAM can be accessed at https://www.sam.gov. Any award resulting from this combined synopsis/solicitation will include DFARS Clause 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests. Section 1008 of the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2001 requires any claims for payment (invoices) under DoD contract to be submitted in electronic form. Wide Area Workflow – Receipt and Acceptance (WAWF – RA) is the DoD system of choice for implementing this statutory requirement. Use of the basic system is at no cost to the contractor. Contractors must complete vendor training, which is also available at no cost at http://www.wawftraining.com. Prior to submitting invoices in the production system, contractors must register for an account at http://wawf.eb.mil/. Important Notice to Contractors: Due to issues with SAM.gov the drawing files are unsupported and cannot be attached to the combined synopsis/solicitation. Please contact the POC listed below for a copy of the drawing files. Request for Information (RFIs): The Government will accept questions concerning solicitation number FA860126Q0025 until 6 April 2026 at 11:00 AM EDT. Email your questions on a .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx document to Brian Algeo, brian.algeo.1@us.af.mil and Candice Snow, candice.snow@us.af.mil. Any questions received after this date and time may not be considered. Additional Instructions to Offerors: The following paragraphs in the provision at FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items, are tailored as follows: North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and small business size standard are as specified in the solicitation document. Submission of offers is as prescribed in the text of this combined synopsis/solicitation. Proposal Content: The proposals may be in any format, but shall consist of two separate parts, a technical proposal and a price proposal. Proposal Detail: The proposal shall be clear, concise, and shall include sufficient detail for effective evaluation and for substantiating the validity of stated claims. The proposal should not simply rephrase or restate the Government’s requirements, but rather shall provide convincing rationale to address how the offeror intends to meet the listed requirements. Offerors shall assume that the Government has no prior knowledge of their facilities or experience and will base its evaluation on the information presented in the offer submitted. Embellishments Not Desired: Elaborate brochures or documentation, binding, detailed artwork, or other embellishments are unnecessary and are not desired. Technical Proposal: Describe how the offeror will provide for the furniture as described in the SOW. Attachments: 1. Solicitation - FA860126Q00250001 2. Statement of Work (SOW) 3. Offeror Reps and Cert 4. Design 05a PLN-ID03 5. Design 05b-CTS05-CH1p 6. Design 05b-CTS07-CH3 7. Design 05b-CTS02-PO2 8. Design 05b-CTS04-CH6 9. Design 05b-CTS06-GS1 10. Design 05b-CTS08-T3 11. Design 05b-CTS09-T2 12. Design 05b-CTS10-OT1

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d246f3e1855346a09d7e7e630f89d211/view)