---
layout: default
title: USS JOHN FINN (DDG-113) FY26 6J1 CNO BUNDLE #1, Chief of Naval Operation Availability Yokosuka Japan
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: a62fdff815b14c88910173e1e6ade3cb
---

# USS JOHN FINN (DDG-113) FY26 6J1 CNO BUNDLE #1, Chief of Naval Operation Availability Yokosuka Japan

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-29 18:57:12.105-04
- Solicitation Number: N6264926RA009

## Summary

30 Mar 2026 The purpose of reopen this solicitation amendment 0008 is to change the language in C3.1, Section C. 14 Jan 2026 The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0007 is to provide a memorandum for after hours of Hot Work, 300-23-224.After Hours Hotwork Memo (002) as additional reference for below answer of Q6 that previously answered in the amendment of solicitation 0005, to answer a question (Q7) from an offeror, and to change the language in Section A. CONTRACTOR QUESTION: Q6 So far, we are unauthorized to do any hot work after 8 p.m., directed by the project and C380. We, however, have found it necessary to continue hot work by 12 p.m. (0 a.m.) Could you please repeal this only to this contract, and allow us to do Hot Work by 0 a.m.? GOVERNMENT RESPONSE: A6 Here is a strategy changed come to conclusion in JFN project for AFT BERP discussed based on questions/requests from KTR through FLC this week. Project team is going to bring it up to FSC meeting and give a brief to SRF leadership to get a concurrence regarding as mid night hot work authorization by 24:00. End date of the POP is agreed to get an extension to 6/22/2026. 38BC116801 (F/O) EXSA-ZC00 SA 96350D 02 LEVEL BERP, INSTALL CONTRACTOR QUESTION: Q7 I would like to clarify the intent of my previous inquiry. My question was focused on eligibility regarding the contractor's nationality. Previously, I understood that for non-CMAV (Continuous Maintenance Availability) repair projects, only U.S. companies were eligible to bid. However, since DFARS 252.225-7042 primarily discusses the legal authority to operate within Japan, I wanted to confirm whether Japanese or South Korean companies are also eligible to participate in this specific solicitation. As my inquiry was related to administrative eligibility rather than the technical scope of work, I reached out via email. GOVERNMENT RESPONSE: A7 Please confirm Section A, L, and M in the solicitation about eligibility for bidding. Regarding this questions, the language in Section A has been updated. Please confirm for the changes as well. All other information remains unchanged. See continuation page for details. 9 Jan 2026 The purpose of this amendment 0006 is to extend the solicitation due date to 16 Jan 2026. All other information remains unchanged. 7 Jan 2026 The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0005 is to respond to the questions. CONTRACTOR QUESTION: So far, we are unauthorized to do any hot work after 8 p.m., directed by the project and C380. We, however, have found it necessary to continue hot work by 12 p.m. (0 a.m.) Could you please repeal this only to this contract, and allow us to do Hot Work by 0 a.m.? GOVERNMENT RESPONSE: Here is a strategy changed come to conclusion in JFN project for AFT BERP discussed based on questions/requests from KTR through FLC this week. Project team is going to bring it up to FSC meeting and give a brief to SRF leadership to get a concurrence regarding as mid night hot work authorization by 24:00. End date of the POP is agreed to get an extension to 6/22/2026. 38BC116801 (F/O) EXSA-ZC00 SA 96350D 02 LEVEL BERP, INSTALL 17 DEC The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0004 is to respond to the questions. ATTACHMENT IV: REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) 1. DATE OF REQUEST: 17 Dec 2025 CONTRACTOR QUESTION(s): 38BC116801A01 Q1. Can we receive the GFM related to fabrication of BERP by the end of January, 2026 ? Additionally, we would like to let us early start to fabricate BERP at the same juncture. In para 1.3.2.1 Q2. If the above-mentioned request turns to be impossible, could you lower and specify the number of BREP to be fabricated only into One (BERP No. 02-225-1)? GOVERNMENT RESPONSE(s): A1. YES, but depends on contract status. We will receive last material shortly. A2. No N6264926RA0090004 Page 2 of 2 17 Dec 2025 The purpose of this amendment 0003 is to extend the solicitation due date to 9 Jan 2026. 15 Dec 2025 The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0002 is to respond to the questions. 5 DEC 2025 MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of amendment for the solicitation is to respond to the question. See the attached documents for details. ------------------------------------------------------------------------- USS JOHN FINN (DDG-113) Chief of Naval Operation Availability (CNO): NAVSUP Fleet Logistics Center Yokosuka (NAVSUP FLCY) has a new requirement in support of USS JOHN FINN (DDG-113) and US Naval Ship Repair Facility and Japan Regional Maintenance Center (SRF-JRMC). The work is composed of twelve (12) Task Group Instructions (TGIs) of various ship repair overhaul, preservation, and replacement work onboard the ship. Offers will be received until 17 Dec 2025, 10:00 AM (Please submit your proposal to " kazuo.takamura.ln@us.navy.mil " in TO line) PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: 20 Apr 2026 through 22 Jun 2026 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Yokosuka Naval Base, Yokosuka, JAPAN References in the Work Items will be provided to offerors via DoD safe (a web-based tool that provides users the capability to securely send and receive large files, including files that are too large to be transmitted via email.) Please email request for references to: Kazuo Takamura (kazuo.takamura.ln@us.navy.mil) Ai Gillard (ai.gillard.ln@us.navy.mil) When submitting your proposal, you must specify any hazardous material in accordance with FAR 52.223-3 (Hazardous Material ID) and DFARS 252.223-7001. When submitting your proposal, you must specify if you anticipate sea transportation in accordance with DFARS 252.247-7022. If there is a time limit on your offer, you must specify this at submission of your proposal. If there are any amendments to this RFP, please acknowledge them when submitting your proposal in the proposal comment section.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kazuo Takamura
  - Email: Kazuo.Takamura.ln@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 0081468166187
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Ai Gillard - Contracting Officer
  - Email: ai.gillard.ln@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 01181468168385

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) 1. DATE OF REQUEST: 17 Dec 2025 CONTRACTOR QUESTION(s): 38BC116801A01 Q1. Can we receive the GFM related to fabrication of BERP by the end of January, 2026 ? Additionally, we would like to let us early start to fabricate BERP at the same juncture. In para 1.3.2.1 Q2. If the above-mentioned request turns to be impossible, could you lower and specify the number of BREP to be fabricated only into One (BERP No. 02-225-1)? GOVERNMENT RESPONSE(s): A1. YES, but depends on contract status. We will receive last material shortly. A2. No N6264926RA0090004 Page 2 of 2 17 Dec 2025 The purpose of this amendment 0003 is to extend the solicitation due date to 9 Jan 2026. 15 Dec 2025 The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0002 is to respond to the questions. 5 DEC 2025 MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of amendment for the solicitation is to respond to the question. See the attached documents for details. ------------------------------------------------------------------------- USS JOHN FINN (DDG-113) Chief of Naval Operation Availability (CNO): NAVSUP Fleet Logistics Center Yokosuka (NAVSUP FLCY) has a new requirement in support of USS JOHN FINN (DDG-113) and US Naval Ship Repair Facility and Japan Regional Maintenance Center (SRF-JRMC). The work is composed of twelve (12) Task Group Instructions (TGIs) of various ship repair overhaul, preservation, and replacement work onboard the ship. Offers will be received until 17 Dec 2025, 10:00 AM (Please submit your proposal to " kazuo.takamura.ln@us.navy.mil " in TO line) PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: 20 Apr 2026 through 22 Jun 2026 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Yokosuka Naval Base, Yokosuka, JAPAN References in the Work Items will be provided to offerors via DoD safe (a web-based tool that provides users the capability to securely send and receive large files, including files that are too large to be transmitted via email.) Please email request for references to: Kazuo Takamura (kazuo.takamura.ln@us.navy.mil) Ai Gillard (ai.gillard.ln@us.navy.mil) When submitting your proposal, you must specify any hazardous material in accordance with FAR 52.223-3 (Hazardous Material ID) and DFARS 252.223-7001. When submitting your proposal, you must specify if you anticipate sea transportation in accordance with DFARS 252.247-7022. If there is a time limit on your offer, you must specify this at submission of your proposal. If there are any amendments to this RFP, please acknowledge them when submitting your proposal in the proposal comment section

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a62fdff815b14c88910173e1e6ade3cb/view)