---
layout: default
title: Amendment 1 -USAFA Gregory Hall Fume Hood Repairs
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 715f976abbc7453584e3fe42e44293b2
---

# Amendment 1 -USAFA Gregory Hall Fume Hood Repairs

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-22 16:49:01.751-04
- Solicitation Number: FA700026Q0026

## Summary

22 April 2026 ****Update**** Solicitation quote due date extended**** 15 April 2026 ****Update**** downloadable document security problem resolved**** COMBINED SYNOPSIS SOLICITATION FA700026Q0026 Amended Attachment 1 - PWS Gregory Hall Hood Repairs Revision 1 dated 13 April 2026 (Reason for repairs added to Appenix A) U. S. Air Force Academy Gregory Hall Hood Repairs This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with (IAW) Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number FA700026Q0026 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ) for Gregory Hall Fume Hood Repair Services at the United States Air Force Academy (USAFA). This acquisition is a 100% small business set-aside. All responsible and eligible small business concerns may submit a quote, which if received timely, may be considered by the 10th Contracting Squadron at USAFA. It is anticipated that a purchase order will be established with only one quoter. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The associated North American Industry Classification Systems (NAICS) Code is 541380 – All Other Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, with a size standard of $19.5M. The Product Service Code (PSC) is J066 – Maint/Repair/Rebuild of Equipment – Instruments and Laboratory Equipment. 1. DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT The purpose of this combined synopsis and solicitation is for a firm-fixed-price non-personal services contract to provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, and other items necessary to perform Fume Hood Repair Services to include repair and airflow velocity balancing services on up to 12 chemical fume hoods at USAFA as defined in the performance work statement (PWS) provided as Attachment 1 –PWS Gregory Hall Hood Repairs 16 Mar 2026. The repairs and air flow balancing of the 12 chemical fume hoods shall ensure the fume hoods will pass the airflow velocity balance certification that will be completed by the Government as the inspection of services rendered prior to acceptance. The contractor is responsible for ensuring the chemical fume hoods are brought up to standard in order to pass the certification standard referenced below. The contractor shall ensure the work site is clean prior to acceptance of completed work by the Government. The Government will host a site visit during the solicitation period for contractors to evaluate each of the chemical fume hoods and gather any necessary data required to provide accurate quotes. The site visit will take place on 13 April 2026, meeting at the USAFA Pass and Registration Office (8486 South Gate Blvd, AF Academy, CO 80840). See PRE-QUOTE CONFERENCE/SITE VISIT (section 3) for additional details. All questions regarding this RFQ must be emailed to Ms. Mikayla Brandt, mikayla.brandt@us.af.mil, and Mr. Kenneth Helgeson, kenneth.helgeson.3@us.af.mil no later than 15 April 2026 10:00 A.M. Mountain Daylight Time (MST). The questions and answers will be compiled and posted in SAM.gov under the solicitation notice. The Government reserves the right to award a purchase order for all, some, or none of the chemical fume hoods repair services. 2 Chemical Fume Hood Salient Characteristics: • Chemical Fume Hood Brand: SafeAire by Fischer Hamilton o Model numbers Dimensions Quantity ? 54L815E Dimensions 38.25” x 18” Quantity 4 Fume Hoods ? 54L821E Dimensions 62.5” x 18.25” Quantity 7 Fume Hoods ? 54L824E Dimensions 86.25” x 18” Quantity 1 Fume Hood Total Quantity 12 Chemical Fume Hood Balancing Requirement: • Each Fume Hood must pass the airflow velocity balance certification in accordance with ACGIH General use Laboratory Hoods for Industrial Ventilation Manual,” 25th Edition, Para. 10.35 “Laboratory Ventilation” pg. 10-42, Figure VS-35-01. o 80 – 100 CFM/ft^2 The contract type will be a firm-fixed price contract. Place of Performance: USAF Academy, CO 80840. The bid schedule and Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) schedule is on page 2 of the PDF Combined Synopsis Solicitation attached below. Payment terms: Net 30 All CLINs are Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) The Government will not consider any quotes that contain used, reconditioned, refurbished, gray market, or liquidated stock. Note: The Government will not provide IUID labeling. Performance Location: HQ USAFA DFCH 2355 Fairchild Dr, USAF ACADEMY, CO 80840 Period of Performance/Performance Schedule: Submit performance and completion timelines with quote. Delivery: Delivery must be F.O.B. Destination to United States Air Force Academy, CO 80840. F.O.B. Destination (defined in RFO 2.101), the seller or consignor is responsible for the cost of shipping and risk of loss. Note: If a tariff must be paid, the vendor shall state the country and tariff percentage rate with the quote submission. Tariffs must be included with the total price amount, not be a separate line item. 3 Inspection and Acceptance The Government will inspect the repairs by performing the airflow velocity balance certification test on the chemical fume hoods. Upon passing the inspection of the chemical fume hoods the Government will accept services at the Government’s location, U.S. Air Force Academy, CO 80840. Payment on invoices cannot be made until the Government has accepted the services. The contract/purchase order number must be included when shipping supplies related to the services. 2. INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS This Solicitation is being issued in accordance with (IAW) RFO Part 12 as a request for Quote. IAW RFO 12.201-1(b), in all instances throughout this solicitation any use of the word "proposal" should be understood as "quote". All instances of the word "offeror" should be understood as "quoter". Quotes supplied in response to this solicitation are not binding. Award of this requirement may be offered to the Quoter IAW 52.212-2, found herein. Read the instructions in RFO 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services, the addenda to listed below, and instructions within this combined synopsis/solicitation and comply with all requirements for submitting a quote. Failure to comply with all instructions contained within this synopsis/solicitation could result in the quote being ineligible for award. The provision at RFO 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Jan 2026), and the addendum below applies to this acquisition. Addendum to RFO 52.212-1: is tailored to include the following. Submission of quotes. (a) Submit signed and dated offers must be emailed to: Ms. Mikayla Brandt, mikayla.brandt@us.af.mil, and Mr. Kenneth Helgeson, kenneth.helgeson.3@us.af.mil no later than 23 April 2026 2:00 P.M. Mountain Daylight Time. At a minimum, offers shall include— (1) The solicitation number; (2) The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3) The Offeror’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described below; (5) Size of business; (6) Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (7) A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, 4 and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (8) Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the closing date of this solicitation. (9) For any quoted supplies (i.e. replacement parts) it is USAFA’s preference/intent to acquire only domestic end products per the Buy American Statute (41 USC Chapter 83), except as provided in RFO 25.103. Foreign offers will be evaluated IAW R-DFARS 225.502 when comparing domestic and foreign offers. This requirement is for commercial items; therefore, the manufacturing country of origin will determine if the quoted product is foreign or domestic. The Buy American – Balance of Payments Program Certificate (R-DFARS 252.225-7000), Attachment 4 – The Buy American – Balance of Payments Program Certificate, must be completed and submitted with the quote. The Contracting Officer is not responsible for locating or obtaining any information not identified in the quote. (b) Contract award. RFO 52.212-1(d) is amended as follows: The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without interchanges with quoters. Therefore, the initial quote should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if deemed necessary by the Contracting Officer, with one, some, none, or all quoters. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (c) Formal Communications. Requests for clarification and information concerning the solicitation must be provided in writing via email no later than 15 Apr 2026, 10:00 AM MST. Answers will be compiled and posted electronically to the SAM.gov website: https://sam.gov/. Questions may be emailed to the points of contact listed above in section. All correspondence should reference the solicitation number. (d) Specific Quotation Preparation Instructions. Quotes shall consist of two parts, as identified below: (1) Part 1 – Technical. Submit anticipated period of performance and warranty information. i. Period of Performance: Offerors are encouraged to propose their best and most realistic delivery schedule. ii. Warranty: The warranty shall include remedies for any installed parts and labor. A warranty that provides for a longer period of coverage, more comprehensive remedies, and is consistent with or exceeds customary commercial practice may be considered more favorable. (2) Part 2 – Past Performance Information. Only references for recent and relevant contracts are desired. i. Quality and Satisfaction and References: Provide a list of no more than three of the most relevant contracts (similar in scope and magnitude to the effort and complexities this solicitation requires) performed for Federal, state, and local government agencies and/or commercial customers within the last three years from the closing date of this solicitation. ii. Furnish the following information for each contract listed. a. Company/Division name b. Description of services provided c. Contracting Agency/Customer d. Contract Number e. Contract Dollar Value f. Period of Performance g. Verified up-to-date name, email address, and telephone number(s) for each contracting agency/customer point of contact h. Comments regarding any known performance deemed unacceptable to the contracting agency/customer, or not in accordance with the contract terms and conditions i. Comments regarding performance that exceeded contract performance or delivery requirements j. Accurate description of the contract scope in sufficient detail to show how similar the scope and magnitude is to the effort and complexities this solicitation requires (3) Part 3 – Price Quote. Submit the price quote by completing Attachment 3 – Fume Hood Repair Pricing Schedule IAW the contract line item number (CLIN) structure. Price quotes must be firm-fixed priced. Price quotes inserted into the pricing schedule for each CLIN must be for complete service prices. The pricing schedule will automatically calculate the total price for each CLIN based on the input data. The Government will not provide contract financing for this acquisition. (End of Addendum) Note: Any email over 10MB and/or zip files are not an acceptable format for the Air Force Network and will not go through our email system. The provision at RFO 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Jan 2026), and the addendum listed below applies to this acquisition. Addendum to RFO 52.212-2: (1) Evaluation Factors. RFO 52.212-2(a) is amended as follows: The Government will submit an offer in the form of a purchase order to the quoter that represents the best value to the Government. All quotes submitted will be reviewed for completeness. Quotes that are incomplete or missing information may be excluded from the evaluation. The Government will select the awardee that represents the best value based on technical, price and past performance. IAW Class Deviation 2026-O0043 – RFO Part 4, Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS) Part 204, the provision at DFARS 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) applies and SPRS will be utilized. (2) Options. RFO 52.212-2(b) is not applicable. (3) Notice of Award. RFO 52.212-2(c) is amended as follows: The Government will submit an offer in the form of a purchase order to the selected quoter. A binding contract is formed when the supplier accepts the Government’s offer, either by written acceptance of the purchase order or substantial performance of the purchase order. The Contracting Officer may request that the contractor provide written acceptance of the order. (End of Addendum) 3. PRE-QUOTE CONFERENCE/SITE VISIT I. A site visit will be held on 13 April 2026 from 12:00 P.M. to 3:00P.M. II. To attend the offeror must notify Mikayla Brandt, Contract Specialist mikayla.brandt@us.af.mil, and Ken Helgeson, Contracting Officer kenneth.helgeson.3@us.af.mil by 9 April 2026 12:00 P.M. MST. III. Attendance is not required but is encouraged. IV. IAW RFO 52.237-1, Site Visit, Offerors or quoters are urged and expected to inspect the site where services are to be performed and to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance, to the extent that the information is reasonably obtainable. In no event shall failure to inspect the site constitute grounds for a claim after contract award. V. This site visit is open to industry representatives registered Small Businesses with experience in similar sized requirements for repair and airflow velocity balancing services on chemical fume hoods as described above. VI. To register to attend the site visit provide the following requirements for base access: a) No more than 3 personnel from each interested vendor may attend. b) For each US personnel attending, provide: 1) Full Name 2) Company Name 3) Position in Company c) For each non-US personnel (assuming they have a green card) attending, provide: 1) Full Name 2) Company Name 3) Position in Company 4) Date of Birth 5) Country of Citizenship 6) Passport Number (If applicable) 7) Passport Country of Issue (If applicable) 8) Passport Expiration Date (If applicable) 9) Dates of Visit (If applicable) VII. Remarks, explanations, and answers to questions provided at this conference shall not qualify the terms of the solicitation and specifications. Unless the solicitation is amended in writing, it shall remain unchanged. Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating do not apply to this acquisition. 4. RFO and R-DFARS Provisions and Clauses: (See provision and clause attachment for further details) NOTE: The vendor acknowledges that should the quote terms and conditions conflict with mandatory provisions of the RFO and/or other Federal law applicable to commercial acquisitions, to the conflicting vendor terms and conditions are unenforceable and are not considered incorporated into any resultant contract. 5. Attachments to this Solicitation Attachment 1– PWS Gregory Hall Hood Repairs Attachment 2 – Gregory Hall Hood Repairs Provisions and Clauses Attachment 3 – Fume Hood Repair Pricing Schedule Attachment 4 – SCA Wage Determination 2015-5417 Rev 31 Dated 3 Dec 2025 Attachment 5 – The Buy American – Balance of Payments Program Certificate

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mikayla Brandt
  - Email: mikayla.brandt@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7193336636
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kenneth Helgeson
  - Email: kenneth.helgeson.3@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7193385503

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - PWS Gregory Hall Hood Repairs Revision 1 dated 13 April 2026 (Reason for repairs added to Appenix A) U. S. Air Force Academy Gregory Hall Hood Repairs This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with (IAW) Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number FA700026Q0026 is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ) for Gregory Hall Fume Hood Repair Services at the United States Air Force Academy (USAFA). This acquisition is a 100% small business set-aside. All responsible and eligible small business concerns may submit a quote, which if received timely, may be considered by the 10th Contracting Squadron at USAFA. It is anticipated that a purchase order will be established with only one quoter. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The associated North American Industry Classification Systems (NAICS) Code is 541380 – All Other Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, with a size standard of $19.5M. The Product Service Code (PSC) is J066 – Maint/Repair/Rebuild of Equipment – Instruments and Laboratory Equipment. 1. DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT The purpose of this combined synopsis and solicitation is for a firm-fixed-price non-personal services contract to provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, and other items necessary to perform Fume Hood Repair Services to include repair and airflow velocity balancing services on up to 12 chemical fume hoods at USAFA as defined in the performance work statement (PWS) provided as Attachment 1 –PWS Gregory Hall Hood Repairs 16 Mar 2026. The repairs and air flow balancing of the 12 chemical fume hoods shall ensure the fume hoods will pass the airflow velocity balance certification that will be completed by the Government as the inspection of services rendered prior to acceptance. The contractor is responsible for ensuring the chemical fume hoods are brought up to standard in order to pass the certification standard referenced below. The contractor shall ensure the work site is clean prior to acceptance of completed work by the Government. The Government will host a site visit during the solicitation period for contractors to evaluate each of the chemical fume hoods and gather any necessary data required to provide accurate quotes. The site visit will take place on 13 April 2026, meeting at the USAFA Pass and Registration Office (8486 South Gate Blvd, AF Academy, CO 80840). See PRE-QUOTE CONFERENCE/SITE VISIT (section 3) for additional details. All questions regarding this RFQ must be emailed to Ms. Mikayla Brandt, mikayla.brandt@us.af.mil, and Mr. Kenneth Helgeson, kenneth.helgeson.3@us.af.mil no later than 15 April 2026 10:00 A.M. Mountain Daylight Time (MST). The questions and answers will be compiled and posted in SAM.gov under the solicitation notice. The Government reserves the right to award a purchase order for all, some, or none of the chemical fume hoods repair services. 2 Chemical Fume Hood Salient Characteristics: • Chemical Fume Hood Brand: SafeAire by Fischer Hamilton o Model numbers Dimensions Quantity ? 54L815E Dimensions 38.25” x 18” Quantity 4 Fume Hoods ? 54L821E Dimensions 62.5” x 18.25” Quantity 7 Fume Hoods ? 54L824E Dimensions 86.25” x 18” Quantity 1 Fume Hood Total Quantity 12 Chemical Fume Hood Balancing Requirement: • Each Fume Hood must pass the airflow velocity balance certification in accordance with ACGIH General use Laboratory Hoods for Industrial Ventilation Manual,” 25th Edition, Para. 10.35 “Laboratory Ventilation” pg. 10-42, Figure VS-35-01. o 80 – 100 CFM/ft^2 The contract type will be a firm-fixed price contract. Place of Performance: USAF Academy, CO 80840. The bid schedule and Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) schedule is on page 2 of the PDF Combined Synopsis Solicitation attached below. Payment terms: Net 30 All CLINs are Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) The Government will not consider any quotes that contain used, reconditioned, refurbished, gray market, or liquidated stock. Note: The Government will not provide IUID labeling. Performance Location: HQ USAFA DFCH 2355 Fairchild Dr, USAF ACADEMY, CO 80840 Period of Performance/Performance Schedule: Submit performance and completion timelines with quote. Delivery: Delivery must be F.O.B. Destination to United States Air Force Academy, CO 80840. F.O.B. Destination (defined in RFO 2.101), the seller or consignor is responsible for the cost of shipping and risk of loss. Note: If a tariff must be paid, the vendor shall state the country and tariff percentage rate with the quote submission. Tariffs must be included with the total price amount, not be a separate line item. 3 Inspection and Acceptance The Government will inspect the repairs by performing the airflow velocity balance certification test on the chemical fume hoods. Upon passing the inspection of the chemical fume hoods the Government will accept services at the Government’s location, U.S. Air Force Academy, CO 80840. Payment on invoices cannot be made until the Government has accepted the services. The contract/purchase order number must be included when shipping supplies related to the services. 2. INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS This Solicitation is being issued in accordance with (IAW) RFO Part 12 as a request for Quote. IAW RFO 12.201-1(b), in all instances throughout this solicitation any use of the word "proposal" should be understood as "quote". All instances of the word "offeror" should be understood as "quoter". Quotes supplied in response to this solicitation are not binding. Award of this requirement may be offered to the Quoter IAW 52.212-2, found herein. Read the instructions in RFO 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors - Commercial Products and Commercial Services, the addenda to listed below, and instructions within this combined synopsis/solicitation and comply with all requirements for submitting a quote. Failure to comply with all instructions contained within this synopsis/solicitation could result in the quote being ineligible for award. The provision at RFO 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Jan 2026), and the addendum below applies to this acquisition. Addendum to RFO 52.212-1: is tailored to include the following. Submission of quotes. (a) Submit signed and dated offers must be emailed to: Ms. Mikayla Brandt, mikayla.brandt@us.af.mil, and Mr. Kenneth Helgeson, kenneth.helgeson.3@us.af.mil no later than 23 April 2026 2:00 P.M. Mountain Daylight Time. At a minimum, offers shall include— (1) The solicitation number; (2) The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3) The Offeror’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described below; (5) Size of business; (6) Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (7) A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, 4 and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (8) Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the closing date of this solicitation. (9) For any quoted supplies (i.e. replacement parts) it is USAFA’s preference/intent to acquire only domestic end products per the Buy American Statute (41 USC Chapter 83), except as provided in RFO 25.103. Foreign offers will be evaluated IAW R-DFARS 225.502 when comparing domestic and foreign offers. This requirement is for commercial items; therefore, the manufacturing country of origin will determine if the quoted product is foreign or domestic. The Buy American – Balance of Payments Program Certificate (R-DFARS 252.225-7000), Attachment 4 – The Buy American – Balance of Payments Program Certificate, must be completed and submitted with the quote. The Contracting Officer is not responsible for locating or obtaining any information not identified in the quote. (b) Contract award. RFO 52.212-1(d) is amended as follows: The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without interchanges with quoters. Therefore, the initial quote should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if deemed necessary by the Contracting Officer, with one, some, none, or all quoters. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (c) Formal Communications. Requests for clarification and information concerning the solicitation must be provided in writing via email no later than 15 Apr 2026, 10:00 AM MST. Answers will be compiled and posted electronically to the SAM.gov website: https://sam.gov/. Questions may be emailed to the points of contact listed above in section. All correspondence should reference the solicitation number. (d) Specific Quotation Preparation Instructions. Quotes shall consist of two parts, as identified below: (1) Part 1 – Technical. Submit anticipated period of performance and warranty information. i. Period of Performance: Offerors are encouraged to propose their best and most realistic delivery schedule. ii. Warranty: The warranty shall include remedies for any installed parts and labor. A warranty that provides for a longer period of coverage, more comprehensive remedies, and is consistent with or exceeds customary commercial practice may be considered more favorable. (2) Part 2 – Past Performance Information. Only references for recent and relevant contracts are desired. i. Quality and Satisfaction and References: Provide a list of no more than three of the most relevant contracts (similar in scope and magnitude to the effort and complexities this solicitation requires) performed for Federal, state, and local government agencies and/or commercial customers within the last three years from the closing date of this solicitation. ii. Furnish the following information for each contract listed. a. Company/Division name b. Description of services provided c. Contracting Agency/Customer d. Contract Number e. Contract Dollar Value f. Period of Performance g. Verified up-to-date name, email address, and telephone number(s) for each contracting agency/customer point of contact h. Comments regarding any known performance deemed unacceptable to the contracting agency/customer, or not in accordance with the contract terms and conditions i. Comments regarding performance that exceeded contract performance or delivery requirements j. Accurate description of the contract scope in sufficient detail to show how similar the scope and magnitude is to the effort and complexities this solicitation requires (3) Part 3 – Price Quote. Submit the price quote by completing Attachment 3 – Fume Hood Repair Pricing Schedule IAW the contract line item number (CLIN) structure. Price quotes must be firm-fixed priced. Price quotes inserted into the pricing schedule for each CLIN must be for complete service prices. The pricing schedule will automatically calculate the total price for each CLIN based on the input data. The Government will not provide contract financing for this acquisition. (End of Addendum) Note: Any email over 10MB and/or zip files are not an acceptable format for the Air Force Network and will not go through our email system. The provision at RFO 52.212-2, Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Jan 2026), and the addendum listed below applies to this acquisition. Addendum to RFO 52.212-2: (1) Evaluation Factors. RFO 52.212-2(a) is amended as follows: The Government will submit an offer in the form of a purchase order to the quoter that represents the best value to the Government. All quotes submitted will be reviewed for completeness. Quotes that are incomplete or missing information may be excluded from the evaluation. The Government will select the awardee that represents the best value based on technical, price and past performance. IAW Class Deviation 2026-O0043 – RFO Part 4, Defense FAR Supplement (DFARS) Part 204, the provision at DFARS 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS) applies and SPRS will be utilized. (2) Options. RFO 52.212-2(b) is not applicable. (3) Notice of Award. RFO 52.212-2(c) is amended as follows: The Government will submit an offer in the form of a purchase order to the selected quoter. A binding contract is formed when the supplier accepts the Government’s offer, either by written acceptance of the purchase order or substantial performance of the purchase order. The Contracting Officer may request that the contractor provide written acceptance of the order. (End of Addendum) 3. PRE-QUOTE CONFERENCE/SITE VISIT I. A site visit will be held on 13 April 2026 from 12:00 P.M. to 3:00P.M. II. To attend the offeror must notify Mikayla Brandt, Contract Specialist mikayla.brandt@us.af.mil, and Ken Helgeson, Contracting Officer kenneth.helgeson.3@us.af.mil by 9 April 2026 12:00 P.M. MST. III. Attendance is not required but is encouraged. IV. IAW RFO 52.237-1, Site Visit, Offerors or quoters are urged and expected to inspect the site where services are to be performed and to satisfy themselves regarding all general and local conditions that may affect the cost of contract performance, to the extent that the information is reasonably obtainable. In no event shall failure to inspect the site constitute grounds for a claim after contract award. V. This site visit is open to industry representatives registered Small Businesses with experience in similar sized requirements for repair and airflow velocity balancing services on chemical fume hoods as described above. VI. To register to attend the site visit provide the following requirements for base access: a) No more than 3 personnel from each interested vendor may attend. b) For each US personnel attending, provide: 1) Full Name 2) Company Name 3) Position in Company c) For each non-US personnel (assuming they have a green card) attending, provide: 1) Full Name 2) Company Name 3) Position in Company 4) Date of Birth 5) Country of Citizenship 6) Passport Number (If applicable) 7) Passport Country of Issue (If applicable) 8) Passport Expiration Date (If applicable) 9) Dates of Visit (If applicable) VII. Remarks, explanations, and answers to questions provided at this conference shall not qualify the terms of the solicitation and specifications. Unless the solicitation is amended in writing, it shall remain unchanged. Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating do not apply to this acquisition. 4. RFO and R-DFARS Provisions and Clauses: (See provision and clause attachment for further details) NOTE: The vendor acknowledges that should the quote terms and conditions conflict with mandatory provisions of the RFO and/or other Federal law applicable to commercial acquisitions, to the conflicting vendor terms and conditions are unenforceable and are not considered incorporated into any resultant contract. 5. Attachments to this Solicitation Attachment 1– PWS Gregory Hall Hood Repairs Attachment 2 – Gregory Hall Hood Repairs Provisions and Clauses Attachment 3 – Fume Hood Repair Pricing Schedule Attachment 4 – SCA Wage Determination 2015-5417 Rev 31 Dated 3 Dec 2025 Attachment 5 – The Buy American – Balance of Payments Program Certificate

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/715f976abbc7453584e3fe42e44293b2/view)