---
layout: default
title: C222--509-26-105 Electrical Master Planning (VA-26-00013664) Request for SF-330's
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: fb76915af8b9449db9394f279848cc0e
---

# C222--509-26-105 Electrical Master Planning (VA-26-00013664) Request for SF-330's

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-19 17:17:21-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24726R0093
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Electrical Master Planning GENERAL SCOPE OF WORK: The firm selected shall provide all labor, materials, transportation, and professional engineering services as required to complete a comprehensive electrical survey and master planning for VA Augusta Downtown division located at 950 15th Street Augusta, Georgia 30901. This plan will provide a comprehensive evaluation of the existing electrical infrastructure, identify deficiencies, and propose upgrades necessary to support current and future needs of the hospital. STATEMENT OF PROJECT OBJECTIVES: It is the intent of the Department of Veterans Affairs to conduct the firm survey, investigate, and document the existing space to gain the knowledge and insight necessary to prepare quality, accurate documents in a professional and competent manner. The project objectives are as follows: Assess the current state of electrical infrastructure, evaluating code deficiencies or end of life equipment VA will provide the most recent arc flash study Review compliance with VA guidelines, Electrical design manual, NFPA standards, and other relevant codes. Review Facilty Condition Assessment (FCA) Develop a roadmap for upgrades and expansions to meet future hospital demands. Projects shall be realistic and not exceed $16M. Any projects that exceed $16M, shall be specifically discussed during project reviews. Projects shall be rated based on the highest importance to Medical Center To enhance the reliability and efficiency of the hospital s electrical systems STATEMENT OF TASKS: This survey shall include, but may not be limited to, the following tasks: Assessment and Evaluation Conduct on-site assessments of existing electrical systems, including power generation, distribution, and emergency systems. Review as-built drawings, previous electrical studies, and maintenance records. Perform load analysis and evaluate current and future power demands. Identify code compliance issues and areas where the system lacks redundancy or resilience. Development of the Electrical Master Plan Provide detailed documentation of the existing electrical system. Update single-line diagrams representing the present state of the electrical system. Propose upgrades, replacements, and new installations required to meet current and future demands. Integrate renewable energy sources if applicable. Develop phasing plans and timelines for the implementation of recommended improvements. Cost Estimation and Budgeting Provide cost estimates for all recommended upgrades and expansions. Develop a prioritized list of projects with associated budgeting and timelines. All projects shall be estimated below $16M total. All projects shall be standalone. Reporting and Documentation Prepare comprehensive reports detailing the assessment findings, recommendations, and proposed upgrades. Submit drawings, CAD models, and other technical documentation as part of the master plan. Present the final Electrical Master Plan to VA stakeholders. Deliverables Assessment Report Electrical System Single-Line Diagrams Electrical Master Plan Document Cost Estimates and Budget Overview Implementation Timeline and Phasing Plan Submission Schedule - Provide a detailed project schedule, including key milestones and deadlines. Total of three (3) submissions 25% - NTP + 60 days 75% - NTP + 220 days 100% - NTP + 320 days Project Updates Meetings and Communication Monthly progress meetings will be scheduled via COR and Contracting Officer. Provide consistent progress reports and address any arising issues promptly. VA Resources Department of Veterans Affairs standards may be obtained from the Internet at http://www.cfm.va.gov/TIL/. VA Physical Security Design Manual for VA Facilities See the Technical Information Library (http://www.cfm.va.gov/TIL/) for specific design guides. VHA Directive 1028 Facility Electrical Power Systems END OF STATEMENT OF WORK SF 330 Supplemental Information Architect/Engineer Evaluation Criteria Evaluation Criteria are provided below and listed in relative order of importance. Specialized experience and technical competence in Electrical Design and Electrical Master Planning. Submission requirements: SF 330 information shall be provided per the latest format from the GSA Library located at https://www.gsa.gov/forms-library/architect-engineer-qualifications. Complete using blocks F. and H. of the SF330 form. Complete block F. for each relevant project. Complete block H. summary sheet for the Offeror and each key consultant; each summary sheet shall be not more than one (1) page in length, and no more than ten (10) pages total. Submit no more than five (5) projects similar to work in the solicitation from the date the solicitation closes to five (5) years prior; At minimum, three (3) projects must have construction completed or construction substantially (50%+) complete; Projects may include Federal, State, or local Government, as well as private industry projects. Offerors are responsible for providing project description and applicable information in sufficient detail to permit evaluation of project relevancy versus these minimum requirements. Basis of Evaluation: Specialized experience pertains to the types, size, volume, budget, and complexity of work previously or currently being performed by the Offeror that is comparable to the work covered by this solicitation. Specialized experience may also include unique conditions, considerations, or circumstances encountered that are relevant to this solicitation. Specialized experience does not include overseas offices for projects outside the United States, its territories, or possessions; nor does it include subsidiaries that are not normally subject to management decisions, accounting, and policies, or a holding or parent company or an incorporated subsidiary that operates under a firm name different from the parent company. Technical competence includes construction and design projects similar in project scope, size, construction features, dollar value, and complexity of that listed in the solicitation. Technical competence also includes experience in energy conservation, pollution prevention, waste reduction, and the use of recovered materials. Similar complexity is considered projects of an operational, construction, or design likeness to the work covered in this solicitation. Specific emphasis of experience and technical competence shall be geared towards experience in leading or playing a major role in designing/renovating Electrical system in hospital environment. Offerors unable to demonstrate proven specialized experience and technical competence may be considered non-responsive or scored negatively. Failure to provide requested data may negatively impact an Offeror's rating. Past Performance on contracts with Government agencies and private industry in terms of cost control, quality work, and compliance with performance schedules. Submission requirements: Complete using block H. of the SF 330 describing the Offeror s past performance. The summary sheet shall be not more than two (2) pages in length. Provide a Past Performance Questionnaire (PPQ) and/or Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) for each submitted project under Specialized Experience criteria, above. PPQs and/or CPARS must be incorporated into the submission; PPQs/CPARS will not count towards page limitations. Data from other projects not included under Specialized Experience criteria are acceptable (such as cost control or schedule delays) in tables or charts. Basis of Evaluation: Past performance is a measure of the degree to which an Offeror satisfied its customers needs and requirements and compliance with applicable codes, standards, laws, and regulations. The evaluation of past performance will include but is not limited to: The customer s assessment of the Offeror's commitment to customer satisfaction; Timely delivery of quality work; The Offeror's record of conforming to contract requirements and applicable codes, standards, laws and regulations; Successful implementation of a quality control plan and quality control procedures; Adherence to approved schedules; and, History of timely and professional communication and cooperative behavior. Provide information supporting favorable cost control, quality of design submissions, and schedule compliance. Offeror risks receiving a lower rating if fewer than three (3) PPQs/CPARS are provided or if the PPQs were not completed by project point of contact. Higher ratings may be given for work performed on VA Medical Center campuses. Failure to provide requested data or to provide an accessible point of contact (POC) may negatively impact an Offeror's rating. Failure to demonstrate proven competence to perform projects like the requirements of the solicitation may be considered ineligible for award. Professional qualifications necessary for satisfactory performance of required services. Submission Requirements: Complete using block E. of the SF 330. Submit personal resumes and relevant information for key and responsible personnel. Block E. shall be not more than one (1) page in length per individual, and not more than fifteen (15) total pages. Basis of Evaluation: Evaluation of professional qualifications will include but is not limited to the subjective assessment of the Offeror's individual resumes. The Offeror shall have a professional engineer, currently registered in any state or territory of the United States, knowledgeable in their registered design discipline, to be the lead designer responsible for reviewing and approving design submissions. The Offeror shall have a professional engineer, qualified and knowledgeable of state and local regulations, be the lead designer responsible for reviewing and approving design submissions and facilitating permit documentation (depending on the nature of the design i.e. environmental, stormwater, etc.). Key personnel to provide qualifications to meet this criterion include Principal(s), Project Manager(s), key consultants, individuals responsible for implementation of the Design QA/QC Plan, and other individuals that are responsible or accountable for design submissions. Physical Security Subject Matter Experts shall meet the requirements of Section 10.1.5 of the Physical Security & Resiliency Design Manual. The Offeror shall describe and/or depict which projects and how well key personnel of the design team have worked together. Higher ratings for this criterion may be given when the Offeror's specific personnel demonstrate relevant credentials, such as involvement and degree of involvement in professional organizations, research/publications, code/standard body involvement, etc. Offerors unable to demonstrate professional qualifications necessary to perform designs may be considered non-responsive . Failure to provide sufficient data supporting professional qualifications may negatively impact an Offeror's rating. Capacity to accomplish the work in the required time. Submission Requirements: Complete using block H. of the SF 330. Provide a narrative that describes the Offeror s work capacity. Narrative shall be not more than one (1) page in length. Basis of Evaluation: Identify the Offeror s past, present and projected future workload, including VA contracts over the previous 12 months. Describe the Offeror s capacity to incorporate this solicitation s work while meeting prescribed dates for current workload. Each key team member to include % of available capacity to take on new projects. Evaluation of this factor will be an assessment of the Offeror s ability to complete design documents within the period of performance and meet solicitation requirements. Data is acceptable in tables or charts. Higher ratings may be given for this criterion when information provided exceeds the minimum requirements. Location in the general geographical area of Augusta, GA, and knowledge of the locality of the Charlie Norwood VA facility: Submission Requirements: Complete using block H. of the SF 330. Provide a narrative that describes the Offeror s experience in the Augusta, GA geographical area. Narrative shall be not more than one (1) page in length. Basis of Evaluation: Offerors will be subjectively evaluated based on their knowledge (and the knowledge of subcontractors) of unique conditions or variables, such as familiarity of applicable codes, regulations, construction market & labor conditions, geotechnical, seismic, weather, environmental, or other unique considerations found in Augusta, GA, and its surrounding areas. If prior experience in Augusta, GA is minimal, describe how the design team plans to obtain specific knowledge of local conditions or project features required for a compliant design. Data from other projects and locations are acceptable to highlight knowledge of the Augusta, GA geographical area or areas of similar nature. Offerors that submit relevant projects outside of the Augusta, GA geographical area may be given a lower rating than projects within the Augusta, GA geographical area. The extent to which potential contractors identify and commit to the use of service-disabled Veteran-owned small businesses, Veteran-owned small businesses, and other types of small businesses as subcontractors: Submission Requirements: Complete using block H. of the SF 330. Provide a narrative that discusses the Offeror s approach. Narrative shall be not more than one (1) page in length. Offeror s shall complete and submit the following statement in block H. : I [signatory authority], of [Offeror Company or Joint Venture] certify that the team proposed to perform under this requirement demonstrates the capability of 50% SDVOSB performance in compliance of 48 CFR 852.219-10 . Basis of Evaluation: Offerors shall be evaluated based on their utilization plans for service-disabled Veteran-owned small businesses (SDVOSBs), Veteran-owned small businesses (VOSBs), or other types of small businesses. Offerors shall be evaluated on the expected amount of work versus key personnel to verify the above signatory statement. If less than 50% of work is estimated to be performed by the prime SDVOSB, the Offeror may be given a lower rating. Offerors shall submit qualifications for proposed consultants per other criteria in this solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kenyon E. Dulaney
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Kenyon.Dulaney@va.gov
  - Phone: 614-969-8804

## Extracted Documents

- [Extracted Document Content (PDF/Word)](pdf_content.md)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fb76915af8b9449db9394f279848cc0e/view)