---
layout: default
title: 61--POWER SUPPLY
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 14439e640bb848e7a7d5cf655c84a9a2
---

# 61--POWER SUPPLY

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 05:23:40.961-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRMM126RHA98

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|x||x|||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice and Receieving Report COMBO||TBD|SPRMM1|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||TBD|||||TBD| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|4||x||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| AUTHORIZED DEVIATIONS IN CLAUSES (NOV 2020)|2||| FEDERAL ACQUISITION SUPPLY CHAIN SECURITY ACT ORDERS-PROHIBITION (DEC 2023)|12||||||||||||| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS -- COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION (NOV 2021)|2||| TYPE OF CONTRACT (APR 1984)|1|FIRM FIXED PRICE| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||x| All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, Delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. No drawings or technical data are available for this item. Delivery lead time_________aro. Offer valid for _____ days. If you are not the manufacturer of the material you are offering, you must state who the OEM is (CAGE code) and the part number you are offering. Please provide an email address for follow up communications. ____________________________________________________________ If your organization uses more than one CAGE code, please note the specific CAGE code to be used for this order on your proposal. NOTE: FOB SOURCE IS REQUIRED, INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE AT SOURCE IS REQUIRED The following DLA Procurement Notes are applicable to this requirement: E06 Inspection and Acceptance at Source (JUN 2018) INSPECTION OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ INSPECTION OF PACKAGING AND FINAL ACCEPTANCE OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ REFURBISHED MATERIAL IS NOT ACCEPTABLE. NOTE TO DISTRIBUTORS/DEALERS: IF YOU ARE A DISTRIBUTOR, YOUR PROPOSAL MUST BE ACCOMPANIED WITH A LETTER FROM THE ACTUAL MANUFACTURER INDICATING THAT YOU ARE AN ?AUTHORIZED" DISTRIBUTOR. IF YOU ARE A DEALER, YOUR PROPOSAL MUST BE ACCOMPANIED WITH A STATEMENT CLEARLY IDENTIFYING YOUR FIRM AS A DEALER ALONG WITH THE OEM'S NAME/CAGE CODE AND P/N THAT YOU INTEND ON PROVIDING. IF PROPOSING AS A DISTRIBUTOR OR DEALER TO THE OEM, PLEASE TAKE NOTE TO THE TRACEABILITY REQUIREMENTS CITED IN CLAUSES DLATERMHZ01 IN THE SOLICITATION. CONTRACT DISTRIBUTION: It is recommended that vendors provide contact information to NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg in order to receive automated notifications from Navy Electronic Commerce Online (NECO) when contracts/modifications are issued by DLA Maritime Mechanicsburg and posted on EDA. To receive these notifications, contact: NAVSUP WSS Code 025, Procurement Systems Design and Contract Support Division via email at NAVSUPWSSITIMPHelpDesk@navy.mil. Please include the following information with your request: CAGE code, company name, address and POC with phone number and e-mail address. Contractors can view their orders, contracts, and modifications at the Electronic Document Access (EDA) web tool. This web tool is located at the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website. It is recommended that the contractor register for EDA at https://piee.eb.mil/. Click on new user and registration. Any order resulting from this Request for Proposal will require electronic submittal of Receiving Report and Invoices through PIEE-WAWF. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the POWER SUPPLY , part of the ;AEGIS WEAPONS SYSTEM; . 1.1.1 Full Item Name for POWER SUPPLY Referenced in this contract/purchase order is ;POWER SUPPLY; . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |K |000115|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Design, Manufacture, and Performance - Except as modified herein, the POWER SUPPLY furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the design, manufacture, and performance requirements specified on drawing ;2898032,PART NUMBER 2898032-17; cage ;10001; .

3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130.

3.3 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable.

3.4 Vendor Waivers/Deviations - Compliance with the delivery date and technical requirements of NAVICP-MECH Repair Part Material contracts is expected. As a cautionary note, seller intended use of any material which is not in full compliance with the specified contract technical requirements shall be identified as an exception in response to this solicitation. Request for delivery date extensions and waivers/deviations shall be accompanied by an explanation of the cause for the delay, or the reason for the requested nonconformance to this solicitation in the event the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) concurs with your request. Request for waivers/deviations shall provide justification for the requested change including an evaluation which demonstrates that proposed nonconformance will not affect the quality, form, fit, or function of the part. Requests for Waiver/Deviations shall be presented to the Government Quality Assurance Representative (QAR) for comment. (The QAR shall forward the request, with their comments, directly to the post award PCO within five working days after receipt.) 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH.

6.2 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161. 6.3 ;New sources seeking approval should contact Dana Perry at NSWC-PHD; dana.perry@navy.mil;

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7175503122
  - Email: JOSHUA.GINSBURG@DLA.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/14439e640bb848e7a7d5cf655c84a9a2/view)