---
layout: default
title: Biosolids Pumping
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 8ae6273590df49b895dffaaf2fe1d050
---

# Biosolids Pumping

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 14:48:23.352-04
- Solicitation Number: FA7000-26Q0020

## Summary

The following adjustments have been made: 1. The due date for responses is updated to 13 March 2026 at 08:00 AM 2. Drawing have been added. 3. A new PWS with an updated Appendix A, dated 9 March 2026 has been added. 4. Questions dated 10 march 2026 have been added. 5. A picture of the Fairchild Snack Bar have been added. Responses to questions have been posted. A site visit has been scheduled for 9:30 AM on 6 March 2026 at the Pass and Registration Office at the South Gate to the Air Force Academy. Anyone not in possession of a military identification card will be required to get a pass. Due to heightened security at the Air Force Academy there may be a wait to get passes. Once everyone has received their pass the site visit will begin. Anyone attending the site visit needs to be in possession of a real ID in order to get a pass to the Air Force Academy. Please provide the names of all individuals who are interested in attending the site visit to David Willers, david.willers@us.af.mil, no later than 12:00 PM 4 March 2026. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.202, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Request for Quotation (RFQ) number FA700026Q0020 shall be used to reference any written quote provided under this RFQ. This is a 100% set-aside for a small business. All responsible small businesses may submit a quote, which if received timely, may be considered by the 10th Contracting Squadron, USAF Academy (USAFA). The quotes will be evaluated IAW FAR 52.212-2, found herein. Please read and comply with all requirements for submitting a quote under the solicitation instructions and the addenda to FAR 52.212-1. Failure to comply with all instructions contained within this synopsis/solicitation could result in the quote being ineligible for award. It is the quoters’ responsibility to ensure their quote meets all the requirements identified herein. The Government reserves the right to not award this contract to any offeror. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this project is 562219 (All other miscellaneous waste Management) with a size standard of $47 million. Description of Service: USAFA has a requirement for Bio Solid Pumping Services in accordance with the Performance Work Statement (PWS dated 18 February 2026) (attachment #1). The firm fixed-price contract awarded will consist of a base year with four one-year option periods. The Contractor shall provide all management, tools, supplies, equipment and labor necessary to remove wet and dry solids from the Wastewater Treatment Plant and clean and pump oil/water separators, grease traps, sand traps, cesspools, and septic/holding tanks located at the United States Air Force Academy (USAFA) and Farish Recreation area near Woodland Park CO. Work shall comply with government and commercial standards. *FAR Provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services applies to this acquisition and the following addendum applies: The following words stating “offer”, “offeror”, and “proposal” are replaced with “quotation”, “vendor”, and “quote”. NOTICE TO VENDORS: The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse a vendor for any costs. Quotes must comply with all instructions contained IAW FAR 52.212-1 and the addenda to FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (listed FA700026Q0020 Page 2 of 20 below) General Instructions. To assure timely and equitable evaluation of quotes, the vendor must follow the instructions contained herein. Vendors are required to meet all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, representations and certifications, and technical requirements. Failure to meet a requirement may result in a quote being ineligible for award. Vendors must clearly identify any exception to the solicitation terms and conditions and provide complete accompanying rationale. All solicitation documents, to include the PWS and other attachments, are available on the System for Award Management (SAM) website at www.sam.gov, the authoritative source for Government Contract Opportunities. The solicitation notice at SAM.gov redirects visitors to the Solicitation Module within the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) (https://piee.eb.mil/), where all solicitation details and associated documents can be found. Vendors are encouraged to subscribe for real-time email notifications when information has been posted to the website for this solicitation. Vendors may contact the Contracting Officer (CO) if they are unable to locate any of the referenced material. Quotes, modifications, revisions of quotes, as well as withdrawal of quotes, shall be submitted via PIEE (https://piee.eb.mil/). Vendors shall submit no more than 15 pages in response to this request. After 15 pages, the Contracting Officer will not evaluate information. One page is considered to be one side of an 8 ½ x 11 piece of paper in a minimum of 10 font, single spaced. It is the Vendor’s responsibility to complete their representations and certifications at SAM.gov for the quote to be evaluated for award. The vendor shall submit all documentation in electronic format. The quote shall be submitted in a format readable by Adobe PDF and MS Office Excel (where applicable). Do not email quotes to the personnel below. Emailed quotes will not be accepted or considered for award unless specifically directed so in writing. In the event of website/system failure of the Solicitation Module within the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (https://piee.eb.mil/), the government reserves the right to direct requesting parties to submit quotes via another electronic means. If that were to occur, requesting parties would receive specific written instructions for alternate quotation submission. The Government will not be responsible for any failure of transmission or receipt of the quote if the vendor failed to verify receipt of the submitted quote. Vendors shall submit quotes and all supporting data via e-mail to David Willers, Contract Specialist, david.willers@us.af.mil, and Contracting Officer Travis Martin at, travis.martin.17@us.af.mil. All quotes must be received at above email addresses NLT 10:00 am Mountain Daylight Time (MDT), 10 March 2026 via PIEE. All questions/RFIs must be submitted no later than 10:00 am Mountain Daylight Time (MDT), 3 March 2026 to both individuals listed below by email to the attention of David Willers, Contract Specialist, david.willers@us.af.mil, and Contracting Officers Travis Martin at, travis.martin.17@us.af.mil FA700026Q0020 Page 3 of 20 RFQ due date: 10 March 2026 RFQ due time: 10:00 AM MDT Submit quotations via email to the above listed email addresses. Please provide the following information with your quote: Company Name: Contact Name: Address: Telephone Number: SAM UEI: Cage Code: Statement the quote is valid for a minimum of 60 days: Payment Terms: _________________________ All companies must be registered in the System for Award Management at https://www.sam.gov to be considered for award. The Government will not provide contract financing for this acquisition. The contractor’s quote/response shall consist of three separate parts: Part I - Price Quote Part II - Technical Documentation Part III - Past Performance Information A. PART I – PRICE The quoter shall complete the CLIN Schedule attached. Only input your unit cost into Column E for each CLIN each year. The totals will automatically populate after unit cost is input. The total evaluated price (TEP) will include consideration of pricing for the extension of services under clause 52.217-8. The TEP is calculated as follows: base price, each option period price, plus the 6-month extension period price (the final option period will be used to calculate the 6- month extension of services price). TEP is used for evaluation purposes only. See the Attachment 2 Price Schedule B. PART II – TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION 1. General: The written technical documentation shall be clear, concise, and include all the information required by this provision in sufficient detail for effective evaluation. The documentation should not simply rephrase or restate the Government’s requirements, but rather shall provide convincing rationale to address how the quoter intends to meet these requirements. Quoters shall assume the Government has no prior knowledge of their capabilities, facilities, and experience and will base its evaluation on the information presented in the Quoters technical proposal. FA700026Q0020 Page 4 of 20 2. Format and Specific Content: The following information shall be provided in the written technical proposal and will be evaluated to assess technical acceptability in accordance with the Evaluation Basis for Award. The written technical proposal shall address their proposed approach and technical solution for meeting the Government’s minimum performance or capability requirements for each sub-factor as follows: Factor 1: Technical & Management Approach Subfactor

1.1 Work Plan and Service Methodology Provide a detailed step-by-step plan describing how you will service each type of equipment (Oil/Water Separators, Grease Traps, Septic Tanks, etc.). Describe your testing process for hazardous materials, cleaning techniques, and methods for clearing obstructions. Reference the specific procedures for the Mitchell Hall grease trap. (PWS sections 1.2, 1.3, 1.4, and 4.10) Factor 2: Resources & Qualifications Subfactor

2.1 Equipment and Vehicle Plan List the primary equipment and vehicles you will use to pumping requirements. Confirm they will be properly maintained, display the company name, and are in good, operable condition. Describe your backup capability to ensure uninterrupted service if primary equipment fails. (PWS 1.2, 1.3.1, and 1.5,) C . PART III – PAST PERFORMANCE INFORMATION Past performance information will also be gathered using the CAGE code submitted with the quote. The Contract Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) may be searched to evaluate past performance and information may also be pulled from the System for Award Management (SAM) on SAM.gov, and FAPIIS.gov, IAW FAR 9.104-6. The Government reserves the right to use any information available through interviews with Program Managers, Contracting Officers, and any persons who can speak to the quality of previous performance. Addendum to FAR 52.212-2 -- Evaluation -- Commercial Items (Nov 2021). 1. Evaluation: By submission of its quote, the offeror agrees to all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, representations and certifications, and technical requirements. Failure to adhere to all solicitation requirements may result in an offer being determined unacceptable and ineligible for further evaluation. The evaluation process follows: The Government may perform a comparative evaluation of non-priced factors (comparing vendors to each other) to select the contractor that is best suited and provides the best value, considering the evaluation factors in this solicitation. Step 1: Upon receipt of quotes, the Government will evaluate each vendor, factor by factor, and document the noteworthy observations for each vendor for the non-price factor(s). Step 2: After evaluating all quotes for one factor, the Government will determine which quote to be the most advantageous. FA700026Q0020 Page 5 of 20 Step 3: The Government will continue evaluating the remaining non-price factors repeating steps 1 and 2 above. Step 4: Lastly, the Government will perform tradeoff of all factors, to include price to select the overall best value to the Government. The Government reserves the right to make an award to one quoter or to make no award at all. In the case that a discrepancy exists between the addendum to FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Items and the addendum to FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Items, the evaluation criteria in the addendum to FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Items will take precedence. Page 6 of 20 DOCUMENT NUMBER FA700026Q0020 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE CLAUSE NO ALT NO/ DEV NO CLAUSE TITLE YEARMO SECTION 252.201-7000 Contracting Officer's Representative. 1991-12 SEC G 252.203-7000 Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials. 2011-09 SEC I 252.203-7002 Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights. 2022-12 SEC I 252.203-7005 Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials. 2022-09 SEC K 252.204-7008 Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls. 2016-10 SEC K 252.204-7012 Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting. 2024-05 SEC I 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services. 2023-01 SEC I 252.204-7019 Notice of NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements. 2023-11 SEC L 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System. 2023-03 SEC L 252.205-7000 Provision of Information to Cooperative Agreement Holders. 2024-10 SEC I 252.225-7012 Preference for Certain Domestic Commodities. 2022-04 SEC I 252.225-7055 Representation Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime. 2022-05 SEC K 252.225-7056 Prohibition Regarding Business Operations with the Maduro Regime. 2023-01 SEC I 252.225-7059 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region-Representation. 2023-06 SEC K 252.225-7060 Prohibition on Certain Procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. 2023-06 SEC I 252.226-7001 Utilization of Indian Organizations, Indian-Owned Economic Enterprises, and Native Hawaiian Small Business Concerns. 2023-01 SEC I 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports. 2018-12 SEC G 252.232-7010 Levies on Contract Payments. 2006-12 SEC I 252.237-7010 Prohibition on Interrogation of Detainees by Contractor Personnel. 2023-01 SEC I 252.243-7002 Requests for Equitable Adjustment. 2022-12 SEC I 252.247-7023 Transportation of Supplies by Sea. 2024-10 SEC I 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements. 2017-01 SEC I 52.203-3 Gratuities. 1984-04 SEC I 52.203-6 Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government. 2020-06 SEC I 52.203-6 ALT I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government. (Alternate I) 2021-11 SEC I 52.204-10 Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.204-13 System for Award Management-Maintenance. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.204-7 System for Award Management-Registration. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC L 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting With Inverted Domestic Corporations. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.209-6 Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I Page 7 of 20 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC L 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.222-3 Convict Labor. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts). (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.222-55 Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.223-23 Sustainable Products. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.223-5 Pollution Prevention and Right-to-Know Information. 2024-05 SEC I 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving. 2024-05 SEC I 52.228-5 Insurance-Work on a Government Installation. 1997-01 SEC I 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements. 2021-02 SEC I 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management. 2018-10 SEC I 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors. 2023-03 SEC I 52.233-3 Protest after Award. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC K 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Deviation) 2026-02 SEC I CLAUSES IN FULL TEXT CLAUSE NO CLAUSE TITLE ALT NO/ DEV NO YEARMO CLAUSE TEXT 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation. 2021-05 PROHIBITION ON THE ACQUISITION OF COVERED DEFENSE TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT OR SERVICES-REPRESENTATION (MAY 2021) The Offeror is not required to complete the representation in this provision if the Offeror has represented in the provision at 252.204-7016, Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Page 8 of 20 Services-Representation, that it "does not provide covered defense telecommunications equipment or services as a part of its offered products or services to the Government in the performance of any contract, subcontract, or other contractual instrument." (a) Definitions. "Covered defense telecommunications equipment or services," "covered mission," "critical technology," and "substantial or essential component," as used in this provision, have the meanings given in the 252.204-7018 clause, Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services, of this solicitation. (b) Prohibition. Section 1656 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Pub. L. 115-91) prohibits agencies from procuring or obtaining, or extending or renewing a contract to procure or obtain, any equipment, system, or service to carry out covered missions that uses covered defense telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system. (c) Procedures. The Offeror shall review the list of excluded parties in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov for entities that are excluded when providing any equipment, system, or service to carry out covered missions that uses covered defense telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system, unless a waiver is granted. (d) Representation. If in its annual representations and certifications in SAM the Offeror has represented in paragraph (c) of the provision at 252.204-7016, Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation, that it "does" provide covered defense telecommunications equipment or services as a part of its offered products or services to the Government in the performance of any contract, subcontract, or other contractual instrument, then the Offeror shall complete the following additional representation: The Offeror represents that it will will not provide covered defense telecommunications equipment or services as a part of its offered products or services to DoD in the performance of any award resulting from this solicitation. (e) Disclosures. If the Offeror has represented in paragraph (d) of this provision that it "will provide covered defense telecommunications equipment or services," the Offeror shall provide the following information as part of the offer: (1) A description of all covered defense telecommunications equipment and services offered (include brand or manufacturer; product, such as model number, original equipment manufacturer (OEM) number, manufacturer part number, or wholesaler number; and item description, as applicable). (2) An explanation of the proposed use of covered defense telecommunications equipment and services and any factors relevant to determining if such use would be permissible under the prohibition referenced in paragraph (b) of this provision. Page 9 of 20 (3) For services, the entity providing the covered defense telecommunications services (include entity name, unique entity identifier, and Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code, if known). (4) For equipment, the entity that produced or provided the covered defense telecommunications equipment (include entity name, unique entity identifier, CAGE code, and whether the entity was the OEM or a distributor, if known). (End of provision) 252.215-7008 Only One Offer. 2022-12 ONLY ONE OFFER (DEC 2022) (a) Cost or pricing data requirements. After initial submission of offers, if the Contracting Officer notifies the Offeror that only one offer was received, the Offeror agrees to- (1) Submit any additional cost or pricing data that is required in order to determine whether the price is fair and reasonable (10 U.S.C. 3705) or to comply with the statutory requirement for certified cost or pricing data (10 U.S.C. 3702 and FAR 15.403-3); and (2) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this provision, if the acquisition exceeds the certified cost or pricing data threshold and an exception to the requirement for certified cost or pricing data at FAR 15.403-1(b)(2) through (5) does not apply, certify all cost or pricing data in accordance with paragraph (c) of DFARS provision 252.215-7010, Requirements for Certified Cost or Pricing Data and Data Other Than Certified Cost or Pricing Data, of this solicitation. (b) Canadian Commercial Corporation. If the Offeror is the Canadian Commercial Corporation, certified cost or pricing data are not required. If the Contracting Officer notifies the Canadian Commercial Corporation that additional data other than certified cost or pricing data are required in accordance with DFARS 225.870-4(c), the Canadian Commercial Corporation shall obtain and provide the following: (1) Profit rate or fee (as applicable). (2) Analysis provided by Public Works and Government Services Canada to the Canadian Commercial Corporation to determine a fair and reasonable price (comparable to the analysis required at FAR 15.404-1). (3) Data other than certified cost or pricing data necessary to permit a determination by the U. S. Contracting Officer that the proposed price is fair and reasonable ____[U.S. Contracting Officer to provide description of the data required in accordance with FAR 15.403-3(a)(1) with the notification]. (4) As specified in FAR 15.403-3(a)(4), an offeror who does not comply with a requirement to submit data that the U.S. Contracting Officer has deemed necessary to determine price reasonableness or cost realism is ineligible for award unless the head of the contracting activity determines that it is in the best interest of the Government to make the award to that offeror. (c) Subcontracts. Unless the Offeror is the Canadian Commercial Corporation, the Offeror shall insert the substance of this provision, including this paragraph (c), in all subcontracts exceeding the simplified acquisition threshold defined in FAR part 2. Page10 of 20 (End of provision) 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment Instructions. 2023-01 WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause- "Department of Defense Activity Address Code (DoDAAC)" is a six position code that uniquely identifies a unit, activity, or organization. "Document type" means the type of payment request or receiving report available for creation in Wide Area WorkFlow (WAWF). "Local processing office (LPO)" is the office responsible for payment certification when payment certification is done external to the entitlement system. "Payment request" and "receiving report" are defined in the clause at 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports. (b) Electronic invoicing. The WAWF system provides the method to electronically process vendor payment requests and receiving reports, as authorized by Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) 252.232-7003, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports. (c) WAWF access. To access WAWF, the Contractor shall- (1) Have a designated electronic business point of contact in the System for Award Management at https://www.sam.gov; and (2) Be registered to use WAWF at https://wawf.eb.mil/ following the step-by-step procedures for self-registration available at this web site. (d) WAWF training. The Contractor should follow the training instructions of the WAWF Web- Based Training Course and use the Practice Training Site before submitting payment requests through WAWF. Both can be accessed by selecting the "Web Based Training" link on the WAWF home page at https://wawf.eb.mil/ (e) WAWF methods of document submission. Document submissions may be via web entry, Electronic Data Interchange, or File Transfer Protocol. (f) WAWF payment instructions. The Contractor shall use the following information when submitting payment requests and receiving reports in WAWF for this contract or task or delivery order: (1) Document type. The Contractor shall submit payment requests using the following document type(s): (i) For cost-type line items, including labor-hour or time-and-materials, submit a cost voucher. (ii) For fixed price line itemsPage 11 of 20 (A) That require shipment of a deliverable, submit the invoice and receiving report specified by the Contracting Officer. ____ (B) For services that do not require shipment of a deliverable, submit either the Invoice 2in1, which meets the requirements for the invoice and receiving report, or the applicable invoice and receiving report, as specified by the Contracting Officer. 2in1 Invoice (iii) For customary progress payments based on costs incurred, submit a progress payment request. (iv) For performance based payments, submit a performance based payment request. (v) For commercial financing, submit a commercial financing request. (2) ) Fast Pay requests are only permitted when Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.213-1 is included in the contract. [Note: The Contractor may use a WAWF "combo" document type to create some combinations of invoice and receiving report in one step.] (3) Document routing. The Contractor shall use the information in the Routing Data Table below only to fill in applicable fields in WAWF when creating payment requests and receiving reports in the system. Routing Data Table* Field Name in WAWF Data to be entered in WAWF Pay Official DoDAAC F87700 Issue By DoDAAC FA7000 Admin DoDAAC FA7000 Inspect By DoDAAC F4BQ00 Ship To Code NA Ship From Code NA Page 12 of 20 Mark For Code NA Service Approver (DoDAAC) F4BQ00 Service Acceptor (DoDAAC) F4BQ00 Accept at Other DoDAAC NA LPO DoDAAC NA DCAA Auditor DoDAAC NA Other DoDAAC(s) NA (4) Payment request. The Contractor shall ensure a payment request includes documentation appropriate to the type of payment request in accordance with the payment clause, contract financing clause, or Federal Acquisition Regulation 52.216-7, Allowable Cost and Payment, as applicable. (5) Receiving report. The Contractor shall ensure a receiving report meets the requirements of DFARS Appendix F. (g) WAWF point of contact. (1) The Contractor may obtain clarification regarding invoicing in WAWF from the following contracting activity's WAWF point of contact. Contracting Office Not applicable (2) Contact the WAWF helpdesk at 866-618-5988, if assistance is needed. (End of clause) 252.232-7007 Limitation of Government's Obligation. 2014-04 LIMITATION OF GOVERNMENT'S OBLIGATION (APR 2014) Page 13 of 20 (a) Contract line item(s) ____[Contracting Officer insert after negotiations] is/are incrementally funded. For this/these item(s), the sum of $ ____[Contracting Officer insert after negotiations] of the total price is presently available for payment and allotted to this contract. An allotment schedule is set forth in paragraph (j) of this clause. (b) For item(s) identified in paragraph (a) of this clause, the Contractor agrees to perform up to the point at which the total amount payable by the Government, including reimbursement in the event of termination of those item(s) for the Government's convenience, approximates the total amount currently allotted to the contract. The Contractor is not authorized to continue work on those item(s) beyond that point. The Government will not be obligated in any event to reimburse the Contractor in excess of the amount allotted to the contract for those item(s) regardless of anything to the contrary in the clause entitled "Termination for Convenience of the Government." As used in this clause, the total amount payable by the Government in the event of termination of applicable contract line item(s) for convenience includes costs, profit, and estimated termination settlement costs for those item(s). (c) Notwithstanding the dates specified in the allotment schedule in paragraph (j) of this clause, the Contractor will notify the Contracting Officer in writing at least ninety days prior to the date when, in the Contractor's best judgment, the work will reach the point at which the total amount payable by the Government, including any cost for termination for convenience, will approximate 85 percent of the total amount then allotted to the contract for performance of the applicable item(s). The notification will state (1) the estimated date when that point will be reached and (2) an estimate of additional funding, if any, needed to continue performance of applicable line items up to the next scheduled date for allotment of funds identified in paragraph (j) of this clause, or to a mutually agreed upon substitute date. The notification will also advise the Contracting Officer of the estimated amount of additional funds that will be required for the timely performance of the item(s) funded pursuant to this clause, for a subsequent period as may be specified in the allotment schedule in paragraph (j) of this clause or otherwise agreed to by the parties. If after such notification additional funds are not allotted by the date identified in the Contractor's notification, or by an agreed substitute date, the Contracting Officer will terminate any item (s) for which additional funds have not been allotted, pursuant to the clause of this contract entitled "Termination for Convenience of the Government." (d) When additional funds are allotted for continued performance of the contract line item(s) identified in paragraph (a) of this clause, the parties will agree as to the period of contract performance which will be covered by the funds. The provisions of paragraphs (b) through (d) of this clause will apply in like manner to the additional allotted fu...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David Willers
  - Email: david.willers@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7193338925
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Travis Martin
  - Email: travis.martin.17@usafa.af.mil
  - Phone: 7193335599

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , dated 9 March 2026 has been added. 4. Questions dated 10 march 2026 have been added. 5. A picture of the Fairchild Snack Bar have been added. Responses to questions have been posted. A site visit has been scheduled for 9:30 AM on 6 March 2026 at the Pass and Registration Office at the South Gate to the Air Force Academy. Anyone not in possession of a military identification card will be required to get a pass. Due to heightened security at the Air Force Academy there may be a wait to get passes. Once everyone has received their pass the site visit will begin. Anyone attending the site visit needs to be in possession of a real ID in order to get a pass to the Air Force Academy. Please provide the names of all individuals who are interested in attending the site visit to David Willers, david.willers@us.af.mil, no later than 12:00 PM 4 March 2026. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.202, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Request for Quotation (RFQ) number FA700026Q0020 shall be used to reference any written quote provided under this RFQ. This is a 100% set-aside for a small business. All responsible small businesses may submit a quote, which if received timely, may be considered by the 10th Contracting Squadron, USAF Academy (USAFA). The quotes will be evaluated IAW FAR 52.212-2, found herein. Please read and comply with all requirements for submitting a quote under the solicitation instructions and the addenda to FAR 52.212-1. Failure to comply with all instructions contained within this synopsis/solicitation could result in the quote being ineligible for award. It is the quoters’ responsibility to ensure their quote meets all the requirements identified herein. The Government reserves the right to not award this contract to any offeror. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this project is 562219 (All other miscellaneous waste Management) with a size standard of $47 million. Description of Service: USAFA has a requirement for Bio Solid Pumping Services in accordance with the Performance Work Statement (PWS dated 18 February 2026) (attachment #1). The firm fixed-price contract awarded will consist of a base year with four one-year option periods. The Contractor shall provide all management, tools, supplies, equipment and labor necessary to remove wet and dry solids from the Wastewater Treatment Plant and clean and pump oil/water separators, grease traps, sand traps, cesspools, and septic/holding tanks located at the United States Air Force Academy (USAFA) and Farish Recreation area near Woodland Park CO. Work shall comply with government and commercial standards. *FAR Provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services applies to this acquisition and the following addendum applies: The following words stating “offer”, “offeror”, and “proposal” are replaced with “quotation”, “vendor”, and “quote”. NOTICE TO VENDORS: The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse a vendor for any costs. Quotes must comply with all instructions contained IAW FAR 52.212-1 and the addenda to FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (listed FA700026Q0020 Page 2 of 20 below) General Instructions. To assure timely and equitable evaluation of quotes, the vendor must follow the instructions contained herein. Vendors are required to meet all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, representations and certifications, and technical requirements. Failure to meet a requirement may result in a quote being ineligible for award. Vendors must clearly identify any exception to the solicitation terms and conditions and provide complete accompanying rationale. All solicitation documents, to include the PWS and other attachments, are available on the System for Award Management (SAM) website at www.sam.gov, the authoritative source for Government Contract Opportunities. The solicitation notice at SAM.gov redirects visitors to the Solicitation Module within the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) (https://piee.eb.mil/), where all solicitation details and associated documents can be found. Vendors are encouraged to subscribe for real-time email notifications when information has been posted to the website for this solicitation. Vendors may contact the Contracting Officer (CO) if they are unable to locate any of the referenced material. Quotes, modifications, revisions of quotes, as well as withdrawal of quotes, shall be submitted via PIEE (https://piee.eb.mil/). Vendors shall submit no more than 15 pages in response to this request. After 15 pages, the Contracting Officer will not evaluate information. One page is considered to be one side of an 8 ½ x 11 piece of paper in a minimum of 10 font, single spaced. It is the Vendor’s responsibility to complete their representations and certifications at SAM.gov for the quote to be evaluated for award. The vendor shall submit all documentation in electronic format. The quote shall be submitted in a format readable by Adobe PDF and MS Office Excel (where applicable). Do not email quotes to the personnel below. Emailed quotes will not be accepted or considered for award unless specifically directed so in writing. In the event of website/system failure of the Solicitation Module within the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (https://piee.eb.mil/), the government reserves the right to direct requesting parties to submit quotes via another electronic means. If that were to occur, requesting parties would receive specific written instructions for alternate quotation submission. The Government will not be responsible for any failure of transmission or receipt of the quote if the vendor failed to verify receipt of the submitted quote. Vendors shall submit quotes and all supporting data via e-mail to David Willers, Contract Specialist, david.willers@us.af.mil, and Contracting Officer Travis Martin at, travis.martin.17@us.af.mil. All quotes must be received at above email addresses NLT 10:00 am Mountain Daylight Time (MDT), 10 March 2026 via PIEE. All questions/RFIs must be submitted no later than 10:00 am Mountain Daylight Time (MDT), 3 March 2026 to both individuals listed below by email to the attention of David Willers, Contract Specialist, david.willers@us.af.mil, and Contracting Officers Travis Martin at, travis.martin.17@us.af.mil FA700026Q0020 Page 3 of 20 RFQ due date: 10 March 2026 RFQ due time: 10:00 AM MDT Submit quotations via email to the above listed email addresses. Please provide the following information with your quote: Company Name: Contact Name: Address: Telephone Number: SAM UEI: Cage Code: Statement the quote is valid for a minimum of 60 days: Payment Terms: _________________________ All companies must be registered in the System for Award Management at https://www.sam.gov to be considered for award. The Government will not provide contract financing for this acquisition. The contractor’s quote/response shall consist of three separate parts: Part I - Price Quote Part II - Technical Documentation Part III - Past Performance Information A. PART I – PRICE The quoter shall complete the CLIN Schedule attached. Only input your unit cost into Column E for each CLIN each year. The totals will automatically populate after unit cost is input. The total evaluated price (TEP) will include consideration of pricing for the extension of services under clause 52.217-8. The TEP is calculated as follows: base price, each option period price, plus the 6-month extension period price (the final option period will be used to calculate the 6- month extension of services price). TEP is used for evaluation purposes only. See the Attachment 2 Price Schedule B. PART II – TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION 1. General: The written technical documentation shall be clear, concise, and include all the information required by this provision in sufficient detail for effective evaluation. The documentation should not simply rephrase or restate the Government’s requirements, but rather shall provide convincing rationale to address how the quoter intends to meet these requirements. Quoters shall assume the Government has no prior knowledge of their capabilities, facilities, and experience and will base its evaluation on the information presented in the Quoters technical proposal. FA700026Q0020 Page 4 of 20 2. Format and Specific Content: The following information shall be provided in the written technical proposal and will be evaluated to assess technical acceptability in accordance with the Evaluation Basis for Award. The written technical proposal shall address their proposed approach and technical solution for meeting the Government’s minimum performance or capability requirements for each sub-factor as follows: Factor 1: Technical & Management Approach Subfactor
- Attachment 2: . (g) WAWF point of contact. (1) The Contractor may obtain clarification regarding invoicing in WAWF from the following contracting activity"s WAWF point of contact. Contracting Office Not applicable (2) Contact the WAWF helpdesk at 866-618-5988, if assistance is needed. (End of clause) 252.232-7007 Limitation of Government"s Obligation. 2014-04 LIMITATION OF GOVERNMENT"S OBLIGATION (APR 2014) Page 13 of 20 (a) Contract line item(s) ____[Contracting Officer insert after negotiations] is/are incrementally funded. For this/these item(s), the sum of $ ____[Contracting Officer insert after negotiations] of the total price is presently available for payment and allotted to this contract. An allotment schedule is set forth in paragraph (j) of this clause. (b) For item(s) identified in paragraph (a) of this clause, the Contractor agrees to perform up to the point at which the total amount payable by the Government, including reimbursement in the event of termination of those item(s) for the Government"s convenience, approximates the total amount currently allotted to the contract. The Contractor is not authorized to continue work on those item(s) beyond that point. The Government will not be obligated in any event to reimburse the Contractor in excess of the amount allotted to the contract for those item(s) regardless of anything to the contrary in the clause entitled "Termination for Convenience of the Government." As used in this clause, the total amount payable by the Government in the event of termination of applicable contract line item(s) for convenience includes costs, profit, and estimated termination settlement costs for those item(s). (c) Notwithstanding the dates specified in the allotment schedule in paragraph (j) of this clause, the Contractor will notify the Contracting Officer in writing at least ninety days prior to the date when, in the Contractor"s best judgment, the work will reach the point at which the total amount payable by the Government, including any cost for termination for convenience, will approximate 85 percent of the total amount then allotted to the contract for performance of the applicable item(s). The notification will state (1) the estimated date when that point will be reached and (2) an estimate of additional funding, if any, needed to continue performance of applicable line items up to the next scheduled date for allotment of funds identified in paragraph (j) of this clause, or to a mutually agreed upon substitute date. The notification will also advise the Contracting Officer of the estimated amount of additional funds that will be required for the timely performance of the item(s) funded pursuant to this clause, for a subsequent period as may be specified in the allotment schedule in paragraph (j) of this clause or otherwise agreed to by the parties. If after such notification additional funds are not allotted by the date identified in the Contractor"s notification, or by an agreed substitute date, the Contracting Officer will terminate any item (s) for which additional funds have not been allotted, pursuant to the clause of this contract entitled "Termination for Convenience of the Government." (d) When additional funds are allotted for continued performance of the contract line item(s) identified in paragraph (a) of this clause, the parties will agree as to the period of contract performance which will be covered by the funds. The provisions of paragraphs (b) through (d) of this clause will apply in like manner to the additional allotted fu

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8ae6273590df49b895dffaaf2fe1d050/view)