---
layout: default
title: MISO 2026 - Electricity generated by Coal-Fired Production Facilities
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: d06ba0de283a404b8e2032cc7a2a1baa
---

# MISO 2026 - Electricity generated by Coal-Fired Production Facilities

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 12:47:17.808-04
- Solicitation Number: SPE60426R0400

## Summary

National Stock Number (NSN): 9140-01-456-2020 (Electricity and Ancillary Services) North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code: 221112 (Fossil Fuel Electric Power Generation) Subject: MISO 2026 Coal-Based Electricity Executive Order (EO) 14386 “Strengthening United States National Defense With America’s Beautiful Clean Coal Power Generation Fleet” establishes the policy of the United States that coal is essential to our national and economic security, and that our electric grid must use power generation resources that have abundant fuel supplies capable of extended operations to address the national emergency declared pursuant to EO 14156, Declaring a National Energy Emergency. EO 14386 further directs the DOW to procure power from Coal-Fired Production Facilities to serve DOW installations. In support of this policy, the Defense Logistics Agency Energy (DLA Energy) is issuing solicitation SPE60426R0400 for the supply and transmission of electricity generated by Coal-Fired Production Facilities, and any ancillary services, to be delivered to Department of War (DOW) installations located in the state of Illinois and within the Midcontinent Independent System Operator, Inc. (MISO) market area. The Government is soliciting offers for a 24-month delivery period (beginning with meter read date occurring in the month of May 2027 through the meter read date occurring in the month of May 2029). The total estimated quantity to be solicited is 221,631,740 kWhs. The contract(s) awarded will be Firm Fixed-Price, Requirement Type. This solicitation is issued as a Request for Proposal (RFP). Additional requirements and/or any changes to the requirements may be executed by amendment. All responsible sources may submit a proposal which shall be considered by the agency (DLA Energy). In accordance with FAR Subpart 6.1, this solicitation is issued utilizing full and open competition. All responsible sources are encouraged to submit a responsive and complete proposal. The proposed contract action will be awarded to an offeror, who, at the time of award, is on the state approved list of Retail Electric Providers in the state of Illinois. No proposed award will be made to an offeror who, at the time of award, does not have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM). Additionally, no proposed award will be made to an offeror who appears on the Office of Foreign Assets Control- Specially Designated National (SDN) List, the Bureau of Industry and Security - Denied Persons List (DPL), and/or is listed as an exclusion within SAM. The Government will also consider the Offeror’s Responsibility/Qualification information in SAM. One or more of the items under this acquisition is subject to the World Trade Organization Government Procurement Agreement and Free Trade Agreements. For all Small Business issues, please contact 571-767-9465/9400 or dla.energy.osbp@dla.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: JAMES KNUDSON
  - Email: DLAEnergy.eteam@dla.mil
  - Phone: (571) 767-8536
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Minna Pham
  - Email: dlaenergy.eteam@dla.mil
  - Phone: (571) 373-1189

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d06ba0de283a404b8e2032cc7a2a1baa/view)