---
layout: default
title: 6515--Medical HI-Care E Cart
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: cffd2cad26234580a42e81bb059c1bc2
---

# 6515--Medical HI-Care E Cart

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 17:26:22.247-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0650
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) /Â SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE IS ISSUEDÂ SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION ABOUT PRICING, DELIVERY, THE MARKET, AND CAPABILITIES IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI FOR PLANNING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a Sources Sought Notice / RFI only. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice / RFI is to gain information about potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 541519 (size standard of 150 Employees). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI, further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcements may be published. STATEMENT OF WORK Introduction: The VA Long Beach Healthcare System has a requirement to purchase six (6) Computer on Wheel (COW) carts equivalent to Howard Medicare HI-Care E Cart Part# 1622668 for Food & Nutrition services. This requirement is in support of a brand name or equal requirement. Deliverables Line Item Description Qty UOM 0001 Howard Medical HI-Care E Cart 1622668 or equivalent Computer on Wheel (COW) Cart 6 EA Requirements VAAR 852.212-71 Gray Market and Counterfeit Items applies on this acquisition. No remanufacturers or gray market items will be acceptable. Vendor shall be an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), authorized dealer, authorized distributor or authorized reseller verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM signed. The letter must either state specific product(s) quoted or that the quoter is an authorized distributor for all the manufacturer s products. This letter must be on the manufacturer s letterhead and contains the signature of an authorized official for the manufacturer. NOTE: Potential offers must be aware that the items being acquired are procured as Brand Name or Equal. For those items that are or equal , a description of the salient characteristics is outlined below. It is offeror s responsibility to demonstrate its offer meeting the salient physical and functional characteristics included in this solicitation. If the offer does NOT demonstrate, the offer will be considered non-responsive. The interested parties bear full responsibility to ensure their submission demonstrates to the government that they can satisfy the requirement by providing the brand name or equal to the supplies being requested. Salient characteristics: Must come with power manager, a web-based tool to able to monitor and manage cart from remote access Must come with power display, a web-based tool to run on the local computer device on each cart providing access to power supply data as well as communication to power manager Must come with Med Manager, which is web-based tool for remote management of cart settings and med drawer access permissions Must come with Med Display, which is a windows application that runs on local computing devices on each cart providing direct access to local med drawer cabinets, cart settings, audit records, and drawer calibration Must have Central control panel for drawer access, power system controls, battery fuel gauge with visual and audible alerts, height adjustments, and light controls Must come with a monitor, keyboard, and mouse for each cart. Monitor mount must be able to tilt and swivel motion, supporting vertical and horizontal monitor orientation Must come with two locking casters on front Must feature motorized, height-adjustable mechanisms for both the monitor and the worksurface Must be rechargeable Must have ergonomic adjustable push handles on front of cart Must have slide-out keyboard tray Must provide a mouse surface and mouse pouch that can be positioned on either the left or right side of the keyboard to accommodate user preference Must come with a minimum of 8ft power cord with hospital-grade AC plug Must have a mount for PIV (personal identification verification) Monitor must come with privacy filter Must come with a minimum 3-year standard warranty at no additional cost to the Government Must shipped fully assemble or offer assembly upon delivery at no additional cost to the Government Delivery Place of performance: VA Long Beach Healthcare System 5901 East 7th Street Building 149 Long Bech, CA 90822 Delivery term is freight on board (FOB) destination. All shipping costs must be included in unit cost The contractor is required to define the need for a staging area to accommodate delivery if needed The delivery shall take place during normal business hours: 0800 1500 (8am to 3pm pacific local time) Monday through Friday, excluding federal holidays Delivery trucks will not be permitted to remain at the loading dock. Trucks shall be uploaded, moved from the dock, and then brought back to dock if required to haul out any waste, tools, or excess materials. Labeling of deliverable shall include the VA contract number and purchase order number for identification and reference upon receipt of delivery The list of DRAFT characteristics is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive, of the supplies/services that are required. If your company is interested and capable of providing the required supplies/services, please provide the information indicated below. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Submit your capabilities statement illustrating how your organization can/cannot meet the list of SOW requirements. For instances where your company cannot meet the SOW requirement(s), please explain. For instances where your company can meet the SOW requirement(s), please show how your company meets/exceeds each requirement. (2) Please review the list of SOW requirements and provide any additional feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (3) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. (4) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified in this RFI? (5) Are you the manufacturer, authorized distributor, and/or can your company provide a solution to the required supplies/services described in the list of SOW? (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated/authorized distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified. (8) Limitations on Subcontracting: How does your business ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting as outlined in 13 CFR Â§ 125.6? (9) Are the items you are identifying/providing considered Commercial of the Shelf (COTS) items as defined in FAR Part 2.101 under commercial items? (10) Non-Manufacturer Rule: If applicable, can you confirm your business complies with the Non-Manufacturer rule? Specifically, does your company: Provide a product from a small business manufacturer or processor? Not exceed 500 employees? Primarily engage in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of item being supplied? Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? (11) Please indicate whether your product conforms to the requirements of the Buy American Act? (12) What is your lead time to deliver a single unit with all components? Is there scale in lead time with greater quantities? Please elaborate. (13) What is estimated life span of your solution? What support/services does that entail? (14) Does your proposed equipment have FDA clearance? Please specify what FDA clearance(s) have been obtained. (15) Does your organization offer a leasing solution? Please elaborate. (16) Does your company have a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract? If so, please provide the contract number(s). (17) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract holder, are all the items/solutions you are providing information about available on your schedule/contract? Please state if all or some items are available on the contract. (18) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (19) Please provide your SAM.gov Unique Entity ID/Cage Code number. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Hestia.Sim@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Thursday, April 23, 2026, by 10AM Pacific Local Time. All responses to this Sources Sought/RFI will be used for planning purposes only. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI are not considered a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcement is issued as a result of the information provided from this RFI, all interested parties must respond to the specific posting separately IAW the specifications of that announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Hestia Sim
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Hestia.Sim@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cffd2cad26234580a42e81bb059c1bc2/view)