---
layout: default
title: Supply Purchase for Salinity Intrusion Modeling Effort
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 1b5804c7535641c89c4677b194a68765
---

# Supply Purchase for Salinity Intrusion Modeling Effort

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 11:59:38.772-04
- Solicitation Number: W912HZ26QA016

## Summary

4/10/2026: Amendment 1 - Solicitation period is extended to 4/12/2026. 3/30/2026: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Revolutionary Far Overhaul (RFO) Subpart 12.2, "Solicitation, Evaluation, and Award", as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. NOTE: All offerors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to the response date listed in this combined synopsis/solicitation. Information concerning SAM requirements may be viewed via the internet at SAM.gov. Pricing must be provided using the attached "CLIN Pricing Schedule". In addition to this, a quote on a company letterhead may be provided. This solicitation is being issued as a request for quote (RFQ). The Government intends to award a single purchase order resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offerors whose offer conforming to the solicitation and is found to be the lowest priced technically acceptable offeror. An award, if any, will be made to the responsible offeror(s) who submits a quote that conforms to the requirements of the synopsis, whose quote is found to be technically acceptable, and is the lowest price. The Government reserves the right to award without discussions or make no award at all depending upon (1) the quality of quotes received and (2) the price fair and reasonableness of quotes received. All quotes received that are found to comply with Addenda to FAR 52.212-1 will be evaluated in accordance with addenda 52.212-2. A quote that fails to comply with any minimum technical requirements will not be eligible for award regardless that it may offer the lowest price. The Government bears no legal liability for the costs associated with preparing a quote. Vendors should not submit a quote unless they are willing to absorb all costs associated with submitting a quote. ADDENDA TO FAR 52.212-1: a. Submission of offers. FAR 52.212-1(a) is amended to include the following: (1) Submit signed electronic quotes by the date specified on page 1 of the solicitation to william.t.rawe@usace.army.mil and chl-ct-quotes@usace.army.mil. All submittals from responsible firms will be considered by the agency. b. Late submissions. FAR 52.212-1(c) is amended as follows: (1) Offerors are responsible for submitting quotes so as to reach the Government designated office in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. If no time is specified, the time for receipt is 4:30 pm, local time, for the designated Government office on the date that quotes are due. (2) Any quotation received at the Government office designated in the solicitation after the exact time specified for receipt of quotations is late will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the contracting officer determines that accepting the late quotation would not unduly delay the acquisition. (3) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that quotations cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of quotations by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of quotations will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. c. Formal communications. Requests for clarification and information concerning the solicitation must be provided in writing no later than 3 days prior to closing. Answers will be compiled and posted electronically to the System for Award Management/Contract Opportunities website: https://sam.gov/content/opportunities. Questions may be emailed to the point of contact listed above. All correspondence should reference the solicitation number. d. Quotation preparation instructions: (1) General Instructions. The offeror shall submit their quote on company letterhead to include the following: solicitation number; contact name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the offeror; unit price; UEI, size of business. The Contracting Officer is not responsible for locating or obtaining any information not identified in the quotes. If applicable, provide a written statement that the quote incorporates all amendments to the solicitation. ADDENDA TO FAR 52.212-2: BASIS FOR OFFER: This is a competitive acquisition in accordance with FAR part 12. The Government will submit an offer in the form of a purchase order to the offeror that represents the best value to the Government. Quotes will be evaluated as described below. Solicitation Requirements. All quotes submitted will be reviewed for completeness to determine if they contain all information requested in the addenda to FAR 52.212-1. Quotes that are incomplete or missing information may be considered non-responsive and excluded from the evaluation. Price Evaluation. The prices will be evaluated for each line item including miscellaneous items for data deliverables and expedited services. Any discounts identified in the quote will be included in the evaluation of the evaluated price. No advantage will accrue to an offeror who submits a quote for an unreasonably low price. Failure to propose for any line item may cause the vendor's quote to be considered non-responsive and excluded from the evaluation. The price evaluation will document the reasonableness of the quoted price. Technical Evaluation. The technical team will review the technical quote to determine if the information provided meets the technical requirements identified in this solicitation. The technical information will be evaluated based on the minimum specifications stated in this notice and how well the quote clearly demonstrates meeting or exceeding these requirements. Past Performance Evaluation. Past performance will be reviewed using Government information systems to ensure an offeror is eligible for an award but will not receive a rating for past performance. ADDENDA TO FAR 52.212-4. Brand Name or Equal (Aug 1999) (a) If an item in this solicitation is identified as "brand name or equal," the purchase description reflects the characteristics and level of quality that will satisfy the Government's needs. The salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics that "equal" products must meet are specified in the solicitation. (b) To be considered for award, offers of "equal" products, including "equal" products of the brand name manufacturer, must- (1) Meet the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic specified in this solicitation; (2) Clearly identify the item by- (i) Brand name, if any; and (ii) Make or model number; (3) Include descriptive literature such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer; and (4) Clearly describe any modifications the offeror plans to make in a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements. Mark any descriptive material to clearly show the modifications. (c) The Contracting Officer will evaluate "equal" products on the basis of information furnished by the offeror or identified in the offer and reasonably available to the Contracting Officer. The Contracting Officer is not responsible for locating or obtaining any information not identified in the offer. (d) Unless the offeror clearly indicates in its offer that the product being offered is an "equal" product, the offeror shall provide the brand name product referenced in the solicitation. (End of condition) ADDENDA TO FAR 52.212-4: Text in paragraph (d) is deleted and replaced with the following: Changes. Changes in terms and conditions of this contract may be made only by written agreement of the parties with the exception of certain changes such as administrative changes including changes in paying office, appropriation data, etc. authorized by the Federal Acquisition Regulation and its supplements that may be made unilaterally by the Contracting Officer (for a complete list of changes that may be made unilaterally, see RFO 43.203. (End of addenda)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: William Rawe
  - Email: william.t.rawe@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Christine Shuck
  - Email: christine.l.shuck@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1b5804c7535641c89c4677b194a68765/view)