---
layout: default
title: National Standards for the Physical Inspection of Real Estate (NSPIRE) Backlog Inspections
agency: HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 036baca14afb4451a60ecfc3d7cedcf4
---

# National Standards for the Physical Inspection of Real Estate (NSPIRE) Backlog Inspections

- Agency: HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-17 11:41:06.861-04
- Solicitation Number: 866141-26-SS-0001

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE (REVOLUTIONARY FAR OVERHAUL (RFO)) The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is issuing this notice as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support this requirement for National Standards for the Physical Inspection of Real Estate (NSPIRE) Backlog Inspections. Additional information about the requirement is available in the Appendix accompanying this notice. The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of acquisition. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this acquisition is 541350. This will be for Four Regions: Atlanta Region: Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, Mississippi, North and South Carolina, Tennessee, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands Denver Region: Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North and South Dakota, Oklahoma, Texas, Utah, Wisconsin, Wyoming, Philadelphia Region: Connecticut, Delaware, the District of Columbia, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, Virginia, West Virginia Santa Ana Region: Alaska, Arizona, California, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, Territory of Guam There is no solicitation currently, and this request for capability information does not constitute a request for proposals. Submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary, and the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred to respond. If your organization has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: Organization name, address, email address, website address, telephone number, and size and type of ownership for the organization Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated to deliver technical capability, address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. Which region you are showing interest in. The government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: Provide services consistent in scope and scale with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated Secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements Implement a successful project management plan that includes compliance with program schedules, cost containment, meeting/tracking performance, hiring/retention of key personnel, and risk mitigation. Provide services under a performance-based service acquisition contract Based on the responses to this sources sought notice/market research, this requirement may be set aside for small businesses or procured through full and open competition, and multiple awards may be made. The government will not provide feedback or evaluations to companies regarding their submissions in response to this notice. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed services are invited to submit a response to this notice by 1:00 PM Central Time Tuesday, 4/7/2026. All responses under this notice must be emailed to Christopher.j.rodriguez@hud.gov. Please Read All Attachments.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Christopher Rodriguez
  - Email: christopher.j.rodriguez@hud.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Travis Sutton
  - Email: travis.l.sutton@hud.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this notice. The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of acquisition. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this acquisition is 541350. This will be for Four Regions: Atlanta Region: Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Illinois, Kentucky, Mississippi, North and South Carolina, Tennessee, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands Denver Region: Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Minnesota, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, New Mexico, North and South Dakota, Oklahoma, Texas, Utah, Wisconsin, Wyoming, Philadelphia Region: Connecticut, Delaware, the District of Columbia, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, Virginia, West Virginia Santa Ana Region: Alaska, Arizona, California, Hawaii, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, Territory of Guam There is no solicitation currently, and this request for capability information does not constitute a request for proposals. Submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary, and the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred to respond. If your organization has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: Organization name, address, email address, website address, telephone number, and size and type of ownership for the organization Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated to deliver technical capability, address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. Which region you are showing interest in. The government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: Provide services consistent in scope and scale with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated Secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements Implement a successful project management plan that includes compliance with program schedules, cost containment, meeting/tracking performance, hiring/retention of key personnel, and risk mitigation. Provide services under a performance-based service acquisition contract Based on the responses to this sources sought notice/market research, this requirement may be set aside for small businesses or procured through full and open competition, and multiple awards may be made. The government will not provide feedback or evaluations to companies regarding their submissions in response to this notice. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed services are invited to submit a response to this notice by 1:00 PM Central Time Tuesday, 4/7/2026. All responses under this notice must be emailed to Christopher.j.rodriguez@hud.gov. Please Read All Attachments

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/036baca14afb4451a60ecfc3d7cedcf4/view)