---
layout: default
title: MBS Legal Services (Acknowledgement Agreements and Issuer Liquidity Matters)
agency: HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 3107de53ccb44ff289ec307d6865520b
---

# MBS Legal Services (Acknowledgement Agreements and Issuer Liquidity Matters)

- Agency: HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-26 11:29:30.481-04
- Solicitation Number: 86615526MBSLEGAL

## Summary

Description: MBS Legal Services (Acknowledgement Agreement Reviews and Issuer Liquidity Matters) The Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is issuing this Sources Sought synopsis as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support this requirement for providing Legal Services (Acknowledgement Agreement Reviews and Issuer Liquidity) in Support of Ginnie Mae’s Mortgage-Backed Securities Program. The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of procurement. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code and Product Service Code (PSC) assigned to this procurement are: 541110 – Office of Lawyers with a size standard of $15.5M; and R418 Support Professional Legal There is no solicitation at this time. This request for capability information does not constitute a request for proposals; submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary; the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred. This is not an evaluation of proposals but an assessment of vendors’ capabilities. Therefore, a high-level assessment of the capability statements will be performed. Generic brochures are not being requested. Vendors should provide information to stress their competencies, differentiators, and past performance showing or demonstrating: Core Competencies to demonstrating the following capabilities: Experience providing programmatic Acknowledgement Agreement (AA) work. Have a book of business that will avoid frequent ethical conflicts of interest that would prevent the firm from representing Ginnie Mae on AA work or issuer liquidity matters. Knowledge of residential mortgage-backed securities, structured finance, and tax law. Have a sufficient number of licensed attorneys on staff to provide assistance with 6-10 AAs of varying complexity per month. However, the number of AAs may increase to 15 per month. Brief description of experience providing support for requirements similar to the requirement in the Draft PWS to include identification of the experience as Federal or Commercial. Differentiator’s listing/discussing unique factors and benefits of the services that set them apart from others. While the government will not respond to any questions from this RFI, we are interested in any feedback your company has on the overall content/composition of the draft PWS as a result of reviewing the document. If your organization has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: 1) organization name, address, email address, website address, telephone number, and size and type of ownership for the organization; and 2) tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational and staff capability. If significant subcontracting or teaming is anticipated in order to deliver technical capability, organizations should address the administrative and management structure of such arrangements. The government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to 1) provide services consistent in scope and scale with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated; 2) secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements; 3) implement a successful project management plan that includes: compliance with program schedules; cost containment; meeting and tracking performance; hiring and retention of personnel and risk mitigation; and 4) provide services under a performance based service acquisition contract. Based on the responses to this Sources Sought Notice/Market Research, this requirement may be further set aside for any of the socio-economic programs, set-aside for small business competition, procured through full and open competition, procured through GSA, etc. Interested potential offerors must clearly specify the following: their Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), business size applicable to NAICS, socioeconomic business categories, GSA contract number (if applicable), and any other applicable GWAC numbers. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed services are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice by April 2, 2026 on or before 2:00 PM EST. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice must be emailed to Tarita Leftwich at Tarita.L.Leftwich@hud.gov and Jennifer Perez at Jennifer.M.Perez@hud.gov. Additional information on the required services is listed below. If you have any questions concerning this opportunity, please contact the Contracting Officer, Tarita Leftwich at tarita.l.leftwich@hud.gov and the Contract Specialist, Jennifer Perez, at Jennifer.M.Perez@hud.gov. Background: See PWS, Section 1.2. General Description of Work: The Contractor shall provide Legal Services (Acknowledgement Agreement Reviews and Issuer Liquidity Matters) in support of Ginnie Mae’s Mortgaged-Backed Securities Program. Some of the services required are as follows: Program Management Support Conflict of Interest Resolution Mortgaged-Backed Securities Tax Law Intellectual Property Information Technology Electronic Commerce Banking Litigation Transition In and Out Services See PWS Section 5 for detailed Task Descriptions Below are the characteristics of the requirement: The tasks require a set of skill categories based on but not limited to the following approximate breakdown: Senior Partner Junior Partner Junior Associate Senior Associate Attorney/Of Counsel Paralegal Program/Project Manager Contemplated performance metrics: See Draft Performance Works Statement (PWS), Performance Requirements Summary Contemplated report requirements: See Draft PWS, Deliverables Contemplated dollar value of the project: N/A Contemplated place of performance: At the Contractor's facility.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Perez
  - Email: jennifer.m.perez@hud.gov
  - Phone: 3036725019
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Tarita Leftwich
  - Email: tarita.l.leftwich@hud.gov
  - Phone: 2024027610

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/3107de53ccb44ff289ec307d6865520b/view)