---
layout: default
title: SOFGSD DRAFT CANCELLED - MOVED TO H9240026RE001
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: aa1c1d67ca774bd3ae5f978fd4525bae
---

# SOFGSD DRAFT CANCELLED - MOVED TO H9240026RE001

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-31 09:55:44.207-04
- Solicitation Number: H9240025RE002

## Summary

Updated as of 31 Mar 2026 Final RFP for SOFGSD has been released under H9240026RE001. Link: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/24da30117edf4726883d9c9908910f93/view This Draft Solicitation will be cancelled and no further updates will be provided here. Please review the FINAL RFP at the above link. <<BREAK>> Updated as of 26 Jan 2026 This update provides interested parties with updated versions of the following documents associated with this RFP. If a document is not listed, it has not been edited in the amendment. Please carefully and fully read the documents provided as changes to the submission process have been made. A1 SOFGSD Section L (Draft 20260120) A2 SOFGSD Section M (Draft 20260120) Atch 02 HTRO Self Score Matrix (Draft 20260120) Atch 07 SOFGSD LCAT Descriptions (Draft 20260120) As stated in the attached revised Section L, Atch 03 HTRO Cross Reference Matrix has been deleted from the RFP. NOTE: No further questions will be accepted or answered for the DRAFT RFP. A Q&A period will be made available upon release of the Final RFP. The Final RFP is still anticipated to be released during Q2 FY26. <<BREAK>> Updated as of 14 Nov 2025 Due to the extended Government shutdown and impending holiday season, the Government has elected to delay the release of the SOFGSD Final RFP to Q2 FY26. A determination of the expected date of release has not been made yet, but it is expected to be within the beginning of Q2. Interested parties should expect to see at least one more draft RFP prior to the final release. Interested parties may continue to submit questions using the attached Q&A template with submission to the entire Contracting team identified in the draft RFP. <<BREAK>> Update as of 12 Sept 2025 This update is provided to place offerors on notice that a final rule for DFARS Case 2019-D041 - Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Assessing Contractor Implementation of Cybersecurity Requirements was released on 10 Sept 2025. A copy of the rule is located here: https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2025/09/10/2025-17359/defense-federal-acquisition-regulation-supplement-assessing-contractor-implementation-of Based on the rule implementation date of 10 November 2025, and an anticipated RFP release date that falls after the implementation date, the Government will include a CMMC pass/fail requirement in the final RFP as qualifying criteria. It is currently anticipated that a "CMMC Level 1 (Self)" will be required at time of proposal submission. Potential offerors are encouraged to begin working to meet this requirement if you have not already done so. Please note that the rule requires that all identified team members will be required to meet this requirement at time of proposal. Prime offerors are encouraged to ensure team members have also completed this requirement, as a Prime offeror will be disqualified if it is determined that a identified team member does not also meet the CMMC Level 1 (Self) qualification. Sections L and M will be updated in a future draft RFP posting. <<BREAK>> Update as of 4 Sept 2025 Amendment 03 to this DRAFT solicitation is being provided. Questions submitted prior to 22 Aug 2025 have been included in the attached "Response to DRFP Amd 2 SOFGSD QnA". You may continue to submit questions until the Q&A submission date released in the final RFP. This date is still to be determined. The following attachments are being updated with this posting. If an attachment is not listed here, then it has not been updated. 0A SOFGSD Section L (Draft 20250904) 0B SOFGSD Section M (Draft 20250904) Atch 01 IDIQ SOW (r2 20250904) Atch 02 HTRO Self Score Matrix (Draft 20250904) Atch 04 Staffing Proposal Pricing Template (Draft 20250904) Atch 07 SOFGSD LCAT Descriptions (Draft 20250904) Response to DRFP Amd 2 SOFGSD QnA <<BREAK>> Update as of 10 Jul 2025 The Government is providing Amendment 02 to this DRAFT solicitation. No submitted questions are being answered at this time due to changes being made in this Amendment that negate most, if not all, currently submitted questions. The video files from Industry Day are significant in size and cannot be uploaded to this posting. We are in the process of determining another avenue for distribution and will update this posting when we are able. The following attachments are being updated with this posting. If an attachment is not listed here, then it has not been updated. 0A SOFGSD Section L (Draft 20250710) 0B SOFGSD Section M (Draft 20250710) Atch 02 HTRO Self Score Matrix (Draft 20250710) Atch 07 SOFGSD LCAT Descriptions (Draft 20250710) The template for submission of questions has also been updated. Please use this newer version to submit questions from this point forward. <<BREAK>> Update to post the Q&A that wasn't posted on Friday. <<BREAK>> Update as of 13 Jun 2025 6pm This notice includes revised draft information regarding the SOF Global Services Delivery (SOFGSD) acquisition. This notice is provided for purposes of providing industry with the most current information regarding SOFGSD and to receive industry feedback on the revised draft RFP in preparation for Industry Day discussions on 16 & 17 June 2025. Offerors are reminded that any correspondence must be sent to the full Contracting Team: Sherri Ashby (sherri.ashby@socom.mil), Christos Tragakis (christos.j.tragakis.civ@socom.mil), and Nichole Stahovich (nichole.l.stahovich.civ@socom.mil) to ensure maximum communication. Offerors are encouraged to review all documents provided with this updated notice. Note that file numbering has changed and additional documents have been provided. The list below shows all attachments as updated via this notice: 0A SOFGSD Section L (Draft) 0B SOFGSD Section M (Draft) 0C SOFGSD Section H (Draft) Atch 01 IDIQ SOW (r1 20250610) Atch 02 HTRO Self Score Matrix (as of 20250613) Atch 03 HTRO Cross Reference Matrix Atch 04 Staffing Proposal Pricing Template Atch 05 Work Sample Cover Sheet Atch 06 DCAA Preaward Survey Checklist Atch 07 SOFGSD LCAT Description (r120250613) SOFGSD Draft RFP Compiled Q&A 20250613 It is noted that the Government did not include a full list of the questions asked. There were a large number of repeat questions, for which the Government provided only one version, and some questions could not be answered by the Government due to the nature of the question. The Government attempted to provide clear and complete answers to the remaining questions. Note that the list of SLIDO questions asked during the SOF Week SOFGSD Sidebar have been included at the end of the Compiled Q&A file. Not all questions asked during the Sidebar were answered at that time, and the Government has not provided answers to any of these questions here. There were no slides shown during the Sidebar, and therefore, none are attached to this notice. <<BREAK>> Update as of 13 Jun 2025 at 10:30am SOFGSD Industry Day 16-17 Jun 2026 In-Person Attendance Location: 1925 E 2nd Ave, # 102, Tampa, FL 33605 Facility Sign-in: 8:00am The SOFWERX facility does not allow entry into the building before 8:00am. All attendees will be required to sign in on the tablets outside the main entry prior to entering the building. This process will be required on both days. Parking: Parking will be challenging. Please ensure you park only in approved locations. Please see Attachment “SOFWERX Information” for parking instructions and facility access information Virtual Attendance Virtual Attendance will be conducted via Microsoft Teams both days. Join the meeting: <https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_OTllNjg2ZjMtZjNmZS00ZGRlLThkMDMtNTI3MzA1Nzk2NDVm%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%224a5ddcb7-0ac6-4811-a341-f24a52596723%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%22567bf249-b78c-47c7-bc2b-c2832965f163%22%7d> Meeting ID: 237 177 686 074 5 Passcode: ZH2gt3da Dial in by phone: (888) 558-1889,,884884022# <tel:8885581889,,884884022> United States (Toll-free) Phone conference ID: 884 884 022# General Daily Agenda 16 Jun 2025: The General Meeting will begin at 9:30am. This is a full day, with closing remarks anticipated to take place around 4:00pm. A lunch break will be included. 17 Jun 2025: The first briefing will begin at 9:30am. This is expected to be a half day, with the final briefing ending no later than 1:30pm A lunch break is not anticipated. <<BREAK>> Update as of 11 Jun 2025, 2:30pm Please note: you will not receive a confirmation notice or email from registering for either in-person or virtual attendance at Industry Day. When completing your registration, you would have been given notice on the site that you had been registered and have been shown the responses you provided to the registration questions. If you saw this, then you can be assured that you have been registered. <<BREAK>> Update as of 11 Jun 2025 Currently, we have reached in person capacity for Industry Day. No further requests for in person attendance can be accepted. However, virtual attendance registration will remain open until June 13th. To remove the appearance of unequal access, the Government has determined that 1-on-1 sessions will no longer be held for this solicitation. The Government will not be providing any additional information during 1-on-1s that has/will not have been made available through means such as the SOFGSD Side Bar, Industry Day, and multiple rounds of draft RFP Q&A. Additionally, the Government requests questions continue to be submitted through the current Q&A process to ensure all potential offerors receive the same information. Again, all previously scheduled 1-on-1s have been cancelled. To increase transparency, the Government will be conducting a second day of briefings that will focus on a deep dive into a sampling of core requirements and talk through some emerging requirements that may be competed under the SOFGSD IDIQ once awarded. Since Day 2 is specifically focused on a sampling of the types of work expected; the government will not address questions on the solicitation process, scoring, or other information on the IDIQ. Three sessions will be held on Tuesday, 17 Jun 2025 discussing different aspects of requirements that fall within the SOFGSD SOW. No separate registration is required, and all sessions will be made available virtual. <<BREAK>> Update as of 6 Jun 2026 - 2PM The Government has received an overwhelming number of requests for 1-on-1 meetings that far exceed the available timeslots. We are discussing options that are available to us in this situation, requesting input from leadership and our Legal Advisors. We will provide additional information regarding 1-on-1 meetings early next week. <<BREAK>> Update as of 6 Jun 2025 All available 1-on-1 meetings have now been filled. No additional times are available. <<BREAK>> Update as of 5 Jun 2025 SOFGSD Industry Day 1-on-1 meetings Offerors may use the link below to schedule 1-on-1 meetings with the Government team to discuss questions related to the SOFGSD acquisition. Meetings will not be used for business development or introductions. Only 41 time slots are available, and will be issued on a first come, first served basis. Meeting times are only available on 16, 17, and 18 June 2025, in 15 minute increments. Once these times are filled, no further dates will be provided. REMINDER: Meetings are restricted to small business offerors or the protege of a Joint Venture intending to Prime on this acquisition. Due to size limitations, you are limited to only two attendees. https://webmail.apps.mil/owa/calendar/SOFGSD1on1s@socom.onmicrosoft.com/bookings/s/WAvtrDhtb0GeEPAfizPrLA2 <<BREAK>> Update as of 29 May 2025 SOFGSD Industry Day as been formally scheduled for 16 Jun 2025. Location will be at SOFWERX - 1928 E 2nd Ave #102, Tampa, FL 33605. Access into SOFWERX will begin at 8:00am, with Opening Remarks beginning at 9:00am. Closing Remarks are currently scheduled for 2:30pm. Please use the following link to register for both virtually and in person attendance. All fields must be filled in. Registration Link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/hSfX0Fp1ey An additional update and link will be provided NLT 4 Jun 2025 that will allow for a limited number of 15 minute 1-on-1 meetings to be scheduled over 16-18 Jun. These meetings will be limited to in-person only, and will be restricted to Small Business companies intending to Prime on this effort. DO NOT send emails requesting dates or times. This will ONLY be done through the link that will be provided NLT 4 Jun 2025. The Government is still in the process of consolidating all submitted questions in order to provide answers. They will be posted to this notice as soon as possible, but no later than two days prior to Industry Day. <<BREAK>> Update as of 21 May 2025 Industry Day for this requirement has been PRELIMINARILY scheduled for 12 Jun 2025, time is still to be determined but expect an early morning start of 9am or 10am. Location will be at SOFWERX - 1928 E 2nd Ave #102, Tampa, FL 33605. For companies wishing to attend in person, we will limit attendance to no more than two individuals per company. Directions for registration will be provided once the final schedule has been determined. Industry Day will also be conducted virtually and a link will be provided here once the final schedule has been determined. 1-on-1s will NOT be held for this requirement due to the significant interest. The Government is in the process of consolidating all submitted questions, to include those submitted durning the SOF Week Sidebar, in order to provide answers. They will be posted to this notice as soon as possible, but no later than two days prior to Industry Day. <<BREAK>> Initial Post This notice includes draft information regarding the SOF Global Services Delivery (SOFGSD) acquisition. This notice is provided for purposes of providing industry with the most current information regarding SOFGSD and to receive industry feedback on the draft RFP. Those contractors interested in proposing on this effort and desiring to provide value added feedback on the draft solicitation PRIOR to Industry Day must provide their comments/questions in the attached format via email to the Contracting Team: Sherri Ashby (sherri.ashby@socom.mil), Christos Tragakis (christos.j.tragakis.civ@socom.mil), and Nichole Stahovich (nichole.l.stahovich.civ@socom.mil) NLT 1200 hrs Eastern on 20 May 2025. Please review the documents in their entirety and submit only one comment document per company. Questions and answers will be discussed during Industry Day which will be scheduled at the end of May 2025. A subsequent amendment to this solicitation will be provided with information specific to Industry Day once details have been finalized. A formal milestone schedule has not yet been established. However, the following are the tentative dates for release of information concerning the new requirement: Industry Day: 12 Jun 2025 Final Draft RFP Comments/Questions Due: End of June 2025 Final RFP Release: Beginning of July 2025 ***UPDATE AS OF 18 APR 2025*** SOF AT&L - PEO Services will be hosting a SOFGSD sidebar during SOFWEEK! Please mark your calendars! WHO: PEO SV, KH Teammates WHAT: OPEN DISCUSSIONS WHEN/WHERE: 7 MAY 2025 @14:00 – 15:00, Tampa Convention Center (TCC) RM 118 & 119 WHY: Address concerns, contracting open topics, team engagements, socialize. *Notes and slides presented during this sidebar will be posted afterwards for those not attending SOF Week.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sherri Ashby
  - Email: sherri.ashby@socom.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: not listed here, then it has not been updated. 0A SOFGSD Section L (Draft 20250904) 0B SOFGSD Section M (Draft 20250904) Atch 01 IDIQ SOW (r2 20250904) Atch 02 HTRO Self Score Matrix (Draft 20250904) Atch 04 Staffing Proposal Pricing Template (Draft 20250904) Atch 07 SOFGSD LCAT Descriptions (Draft 20250904) Response to DRFP Amd 2 SOFGSD QnA <<BREAK>> Update as of 10 Jul 2025 The Government is providing Amendment 02 to this DRAFT solicitation. No submitted questions are being answered at this time due to changes being made in this Amendment that negate most, if not all, currently submitted questions. The video files from Industry Day are significant in size and cannot be uploaded to this posting. We are in the process of determining another avenue for distribution and will update this posting when we are able. The following attachments are being updated with this posting. If an attachment is not listed here, then it has not been updated. 0A SOFGSD Section L (Draft 20250710) 0B SOFGSD Section M (Draft 20250710) Atch 02 HTRO Self Score Matrix (Draft 20250710) Atch 07 SOFGSD LCAT Descriptions (Draft 20250710) The template for submission of questions has also been updated. Please use this newer version to submit questions from this point forward. <<BREAK>> Update to post the Q&A that wasn"t posted on Friday. <<BREAK>> Update as of 13 Jun 2025 6pm This notice includes revised draft information regarding the SOF Global Services Delivery (SOFGSD) acquisition. This notice is provided for purposes of providing industry with the most current information regarding SOFGSD and to receive industry feedback on the revised draft RFP in preparation for Industry Day discussions on 16 & 17 June 2025. Offerors are reminded that any correspondence must be sent to the full Contracting Team: Sherri Ashby (sherri.ashby@socom.mil), Christos Tragakis (christos.j.tragakis.civ@socom.mil), and Nichole Stahovich (nichole.l.stahovich.civ@socom.mil) to ensure maximum communication. Offerors are encouraged to review all documents provided with this updated notice. Note that file numbering has changed and additional documents have been provided. The list below shows all attachments as updated via this notice: 0A SOFGSD Section L (Draft) 0B SOFGSD Section M (Draft) 0C SOFGSD Section H (Draft) Atch 01 IDIQ SOW (r1 20250610) Atch 02 HTRO Self Score Matrix (as of 20250613) Atch 03 HTRO Cross Reference Matrix Atch 04 Staffing Proposal Pricing Template Atch 05 Work Sample Cover Sheet Atch 06 DCAA Preaward Survey Checklist Atch 07 SOFGSD LCAT Description (r120250613) SOFGSD Draft RFP Compiled Q&A 20250613 It is noted that the Government did not include a full list of the questions asked. There were a large number of repeat questions, for which the Government provided only one version, and some questions could not be answered by the Government due to the nature of the question. The Government attempted to provide clear and complete answers to the remaining questions. Note that the list of SLIDO questions asked during the SOF Week SOFGSD Sidebar have been included at the end of the Compiled Q&A file. Not all questions asked during the Sidebar were answered at that time, and the Government has not provided answers to any of these questions here. There were no slides shown during the Sidebar, and therefore, none are attached to this notice. <<BREAK>> Update as of 13 Jun 2025 at 10:30am SOFGSD Industry Day 16-17 Jun 2026 In-Person Attendance Location: 1925 E 2nd Ave, # 102, Tampa, FL 33605 Facility Sign-in: 8:00am The SOFWERX facility does not allow entry into the building before 8:00am. All attendees will be required to sign in on the tablets outside the main entry prior to entering the building. This process will be required on both days. Parking: Parking will be challenging. Please ensure you park only in approved locations. Please see Attachment “SOFWERX Information” for parking instructions and facility access information Virtual Attendance Virtual Attendance will be conducted via Microsoft Teams both days. Join the meeting: <https://teams.microsoft.com/l/meetup-join/19%3ameeting_OTllNjg2ZjMtZjNmZS00ZGRlLThkMDMtNTI3MzA1Nzk2NDVm%40thread.v2/0?context=%7b%22Tid%22%3a%224a5ddcb7-0ac6-4811-a341-f24a52596723%22%2c%22Oid%22%3a%22567bf249-b78c-47c7-bc2b-c2832965f163%22%7d> Meeting ID: 237 177 686 074 5 Passcode: ZH2gt3da Dial in by phone: (888) 558-1889,,884884022# <tel:8885581889,,884884022> United States (Toll-free) Phone conference ID: 884 884 022# General Daily Agenda 16 Jun 2025: The General Meeting will begin at 9:30am. This is a full day, with closing remarks anticipated to take place around 4:00pm. A lunch break will be included. 17 Jun 2025: The first briefing will begin at 9:30am. This is expected to be a half day, with the final briefing ending no later than 1:30pm A lunch break is not anticipated. <<BREAK>> Update as of 11 Jun 2025, 2:30pm Please note: you will not receive a confirmation notice or email from registering for either in-person or virtual attendance at Industry Day. When completing your registration, you would have been given notice on the site that you had been registered and have been shown the responses you provided to the registration questions. If you saw this, then you can be assured that you have been registered. <<BREAK>> Update as of 11 Jun 2025 Currently, we have reached in person capacity for Industry Day. No further requests for in person attendance can be accepted. However, virtual attendance registration will remain open until June 13th. To remove the appearance of unequal access, the Government has determined that 1-on-1 sessions will no longer be held for this solicitation. The Government will not be providing any additional information during 1-on-1s that has/will not have been made available through means such as the SOFGSD Side Bar, Industry Day, and multiple rounds of draft RFP Q&A. Additionally, the Government requests questions continue to be submitted through the current Q&A process to ensure all potential offerors receive the same information. Again, all previously scheduled 1-on-1s have been cancelled. To increase transparency, the Government will be conducting a second day of briefings that will focus on a deep dive into a sampling of core requirements and talk through some emerging requirements that may be competed under the SOFGSD IDIQ once awarded. Since Day 2 is specifically focused on a sampling of the types of work expected; the government will not address questions on the solicitation process, scoring, or other information on the IDIQ. Three sessions will be held on Tuesday, 17 Jun 2025 discussing different aspects of requirements that fall within the SOFGSD SOW. No separate registration is required, and all sessions will be made available virtual. <<BREAK>> Update as of 6 Jun 2026 - 2PM The Government has received an overwhelming number of requests for 1-on-1 meetings that far exceed the available timeslots. We are discussing options that are available to us in this situation, requesting input from leadership and our Legal Advisors. We will provide additional information regarding 1-on-1 meetings early next week. <<BREAK>> Update as of 6 Jun 2025 All available 1-on-1 meetings have now been filled. No additional times are available. <<BREAK>> Update as of 5 Jun 2025 SOFGSD Industry Day 1-on-1 meetings Offerors may use the link below to schedule 1-on-1 meetings with the Government team to discuss questions related to the SOFGSD acquisition. Meetings will not be used for business development or introductions. Only 41 time slots are available, and will be issued on a first come, first served basis. Meeting times are only available on 16, 17, and 18 June 2025, in 15 minute increments. Once these times are filled, no further dates will be provided. REMINDER: Meetings are restricted to small business offerors or the protege of a Joint Venture intending to Prime on this acquisition. Due to size limitations, you are limited to only two attendees. https://webmail.apps.mil/owa/calendar/SOFGSD1on1s@socom.onmicrosoft.com/bookings/s/WAvtrDhtb0GeEPAfizPrLA2 <<BREAK>> Update as of 29 May 2025 SOFGSD Industry Day as been formally scheduled for 16 Jun 2025. Location will be at SOFWERX - 1928 E 2nd Ave #102, Tampa, FL 33605. Access into SOFWERX will begin at 8:00am, with Opening Remarks beginning at 9:00am. Closing Remarks are currently scheduled for 2:30pm. Please use the following link to register for both virtually and in person attendance. All fields must be filled in. Registration Link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/hSfX0Fp1ey An additional update and link will be provided NLT 4 Jun 2025 that will allow for a limited number of 15 minute 1-on-1 meetings to be scheduled over 16-18 Jun. These meetings will be limited to in-person only, and will be restricted to Small Business companies intending to Prime on this effort. DO NOT send emails requesting dates or times. This will ONLY be done through the link that will be provided NLT 4 Jun 2025. The Government is still in the process of consolidating all submitted questions in order to provide answers. They will be posted to this notice as soon as possible, but no later than two days prior to Industry Day. <<BREAK>> Update as of 21 May 2025 Industry Day for this requirement has been PRELIMINARILY scheduled for 12 Jun 2025, time is still to be determined but expect an early morning start of 9am or 10am. Location will be at SOFWERX - 1928 E 2nd Ave #102, Tampa, FL 33605. For companies wishing to attend in person, we will limit attendance to no more than two individuals per company. Directions for registration will be provided once the final schedule has been determined. Industry Day will also be conducted virtually and a link will be provided here once the final schedule has been determined. 1-on-1s will NOT be held for this requirement due to the significant interest. The Government is in the process of consolidating all submitted questions, to include those submitted durning the SOF Week Sidebar, in order to provide answers. They will be posted to this notice as soon as possible, but no later than two days prior to Industry Day. <<BREAK>> Initial Post This notice includes draft information regarding the SOF Global Services Delivery (SOFGSD) acquisition. This notice is provided for purposes of providing industry with the most current information regarding SOFGSD and to receive industry feedback on the draft RFP. Those contractors interested in proposing on this effort and desiring to provide value added feedback on the draft solicitation PRIOR to Industry Day must provide their comments/questions in the attached format via email to the Contracting Team: Sherri Ashby (sherri.ashby@socom.mil), Christos Tragakis (christos.j.tragakis.civ@socom.mil), and Nichole Stahovich (nichole.l.stahovich.civ@socom.mil) NLT 1200 hrs Eastern on 20 May 2025. Please review the documents in their entirety and submit only one comment document per company. Questions and answers will be discussed during Industry Day which will be scheduled at the end of May 2025. A subsequent amendment to this solicitation will be provided with information specific to Industry Day once details have been finalized. A formal milestone schedule has not yet been established. However, the following are the tentative dates for release of information concerning the new requirement: Industry Day: 12 Jun 2025 Final Draft RFP Comments/Questions Due: End of June 2025 Final RFP Release: Beginning of July 2025 ***UPDATE AS OF 18 APR 2025*** SOF AT&L - PEO Services will be hosting a SOFGSD sidebar during SOFWEEK! Please mark your calendars! WHO: PEO SV, KH Teammates WHAT: OPEN DISCUSSIONS WHEN/WHERE: 7 MAY 2025 @14:00 – 15:00, Tampa Convention Center (TCC) RM 118 & 119 WHY: Address concerns, contracting open topics, team engagements, socialize. *Notes and slides presented during this sidebar will be posted afterwards for those not attending SOF Week

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/aa1c1d67ca774bd3ae5f978fd4525bae/view)