---
layout: default
title: Overhaul Kit 1710-01-535-6530
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: f4972c4072c64025a07eea04d6b9adaf
---

# Overhaul Kit 1710-01-535-6530

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 14:26:24.708-04
- Solicitation Number: SPE7M226R0002

## Summary

KIT,OVERHAUL RQ040: Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) Accreditation Requirements RQ039: Non-Tailored Higher-Level Quality Requirements (SAE AS9100) for Manufacturers and Non-Manufacturers This item requires Item Unique Identification (IUID) in accordance with the enclosed/referenced IUID technical requirements and MIL-STD-130. DFARS 252.211-7003 clause applies. 82N ALRE CSI 97415 PN: 3-0001-10 EACH RRHB OVERHAUL KIT AND THE CRITICAL COMPONENTS IT CONTAINS ARE TO BE SERIALIZED. ***MRI INSPECTION REQUIRED*** THIS NSN REQUIRES MATERIAL RECEIPT INSPECTION (MRI) AT NAVAIR LKE PRIOR TO FINAL DELIVERY. PLEASE INCLUDE PRODUCTION TESTING INSPECTION REPORT AND REQUIRED MATERIAL CERTIFICATION PACKAGE WITH PARTS. IF PARTS MUST BE SHIPPED INDIVIDUALLY, PLEASE INCLUDE PRODUCTION TESTING INSPECTION REPORT AND REQUIRED MATERIAL CERTIFICATION PACKAGE WITH EACH PART. PLEASE SHIP PARTS TO: NAVAL AIR WARFARE CENTER AIRCRAFT DIVISION<(>,<)> CODE BL41600/ BLDG. 148-1 HWY 547 JOINT BASE MDL, NJ 08733-5125 (ATTENTION: DREW FLAST) MRI INSPECTION REQUIRED FOR THIS CONTRACT. RQ032: EXPORT CONTROL OF TECHNICAL DATA This item has technical data some or all of which is subject to export-control of either the International Traffic in Arms regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR), and cannot be exported without prior authorization from either the Department of State or the Department of Commerce. Export includes disclosure of technical data to foreign persons and nationals whether located in the United States or abroad. This requirement applies equally to foreign national employees and U.S. companies and their foreign subsidiaries. DFARS 252.225-7048 is applicable to this data. The Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) limits distribution of export-control technical data to DLA contractors that have an approved US/Canada Joint Certification Program (JCP) certification, have completed the Introduction to Proper Handling of DOD Export-Controlled Technical Data Training and the DLA Export-Controlled Technical Data Questionnaire (both are available at the web address given below), and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. Instructions for obtaining access to the export-controlled data can be found at: https://www.dla.mil/Logistics-Operations/Enhanced-Validation/ To be eligible for award, offerors and any sources of supply proposed for use are required to have an approved JCP certification and have been approved by the DLA controlling authority to access export-controlled data managed by DLA. DLA will not delay award in order for an offeror or its supplier to apply for and receive approval by the DLA controlling authority to access the export-controlled data. RD002, COVERED DEFENSE INFORMATION APPLIES RA001: THIS DOCUMENT INCORPORATES TECHNICAL AND/OR QUALITY REQUIREMENTS (IDENTIFIED BY AN 'R' OR AN 'I' NUMBER) SET FORTH IN FULL TEXT IN THE DLA MASTER LIST OF TECHNICAL AND QUALITY REQUIREMENTS FOUND ON THE WEB AT: http://www.dla.mil/HQ/Acquisition/Offers/eProcurement.aspx FOR SIMPLIFIED ACQUISITIONS, THE REVISION OF THE MASTER IN EFFECT ON THE SOLICITATION ISSUE DATE OR THE AWARD DATE CONTROLS. FOR LARGE ACQUISITIONS, THE REVISION OF THE MASTER IN EFFECT ON THE RFP ISSUE DATE APPLIES UNLESS A SOLICITATION AMENDMENT INCORPORATES A FOLLOW-ON REVISION, IN WHICH CASE THE AMENDMENT DATE CONTROLS. RP001: DLA PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS FOR PROCUREMENT RQ011: REMOVAL OF GOVERNMENT IDENTIFICATION FROM NON-ACCEPTED SUPPLIES RC001: DOCUMENTATION REQUIREMENTS FOR SOURCE APPROVAL REQUEST (SAR) RQ002: CONFIGURATION CHANGE MANAGEMENT - ENGINEERING CHANGE PROPOSAL REQUEST FOR VARIANCE (DEVIATION OR WAIVER) CLASS I OZONE DEPLETING CHEMICALS ARE NOT TO BE USED NOR INCORPORATED IN ANY ITEMS TO BE DELIVERED UNDER THIS CONTRACT.THIS PROHIBITION SUPERSEDES ALL SPECIFICATION REQUIREMENTS BUT DOES NOT ALLEVIATE ANY PRODUCT REQUIREMENTS. SUBSTITUTE CHEMICALS MUST BE SUBMITTED FOR APPROVAL UNLESS THEY ARE AUTHORIZED BY THE SPECIFICATION REQUIREMENTS. The Government Procuring Activity has determined that Surplus is not Acceptable for this NSN. (End of TQ Requirement) MERCURY OR MERCURY CONTAINING COMPOUNDS SHALL NOT BE INTENTIONALLY ADDED TO<(>,<)> OR COME IN DIRECT CONTACT WITH<(>,<)> ANY HARDWARE OR SUPPLIES FURNISHED UNDER THIS CONTRACT. EXCEPTION: FUNCTIONAL MERCURY USED IN BATTERIES, FLUORESCENT LIGHTS, REQUIRED INSTRUMENTS; SENSORS OR CONTROLS; WEAPON SYSTEMS; AND CHEMICAL ANALYSIS REAGENTS SPECIFIED BY NAVSEA. PORTABLE FLUORESCENT LAMPS AND PORTABLE INSTRUMENTS CONTAINING MERCURY SHALL BE SHOCK PROOF AND CONTAIN A SECOND BOUNDARY OF CONTAINMENT OF THE MERCURY OR MERCURY COMPOUND. (IAW NAVSEA 5100-003D). RQ017: PHYSICAL INDENTIFICATION/BARE ITEM MARKING THIS MATERIAL MUST MEET NAVAIR AIRCRAFT LAUNCH & RECOVERY EQUIPMENT TRACEABILITY REQUIREMENTS. BARE ITEM MARKINGS SHALL BE IAW THE TECHNICAL DATA DRAWINGS PROVIDED. BARE ITEM MATERIAL SHALL BE MARKED WITH CONTRACT NUMBER, NAWC CAGE, AND PART NUMBER UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFICIED ON ASSOCIATED DRAWING. IF A CONFLICT EXISTS WITH MARKING REQUIREMENTS OF THIS 82N ALRE/SE ITEM, THE ASSOCIATED DRAWING REQUIREMENTS SHALL APPLY. NOTE: THIS IS A RESTRICTED SOURCE ITEM AND REQUIRES ENGINEERING SOURCE APPROVAL BY THE GOVERNMENT DESIGN CONTROL ACTIVITY. RT001: MEASURING AND TEST EQUIPMENT The following Contract Data Requirements Lists (CDRLs), DD Form 1423s, apply to this procurement. Review the Technical Data Package (TDP) for additional information. -PRODUCTION TEST AND INSPECTION REPORT -LOCK RING SEAT (7-0517-2) PTI -MANUFACTURING PLAN -MATERIAL REVIEW BOARD PLAN -CERTIFICATE OF QUALITY COMPLIANCE CLAUSE 52.246-15, CERTIFICATE OF CONFORMANCE, IS NOT AUTHORIZED FOR THIS NSN. Item Unique Identification is not required by request of the Service customer. DFARS 252.211-7003(c)(1)(i) applies. AIRCRAFT LAUNCH AND RECOVERY EQUIPMENT (ALRE) CRITICAL APPLICATION ITEM SOURCE APPROVAL - TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR AWARD UNDER THIS SOLICITATION, AN OFFEROR MUST BE AN APPROVED SOURCE OR PROVIDE THE PRODUCT OF AN APPROVED SOURCE AS DETERMINED BY THE ENGINEERING SUPPORT ACTIVITY, NAVAL AIR WARFARE CENTER (NAWC) AIRCRAFT DIVISION LAKEHURST. THE CRITERIA AND PROCEDURES FOR SOURCE APPROVAL ARE CONTAINED IN PART I OF THE NAVAL INVENTORY CONTROL POINT (NAVICP) PHILADELPHIA BROCHURE ENTITLED "SOURCE APPROVAL INFORMATION BROCHURE FOR SPARES". THE LATEST VERSION OF THIS BROCHURE MAY BE OBTAINED BY ACCESSING NAVICP'S WEBSITE: HTTPS://WWW.NAVSUP.NAVY.MIL, OUR TEAM, NAVICP, BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, COMMODITIES, SOURCE APPROVAL REQUEST (SAR) BROCHURE SPARES TO ASSIST IN THE DETERMINATION OF SOURCE APPROVAL, THE OFFEROR MAY BE REQUIRED TO SUBMIT TO A SURVEY PRIOR TO AWARD IN WHICH NAWC LAKEHURST MAY PARTICIPATE. IN ADDITION, THE OFFEROR MUST PROVIDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION, WHICH MAY BE CONSIDERED IN DETERMINING WHETHER THE OFFEROR IS AN APPROVED SOURCE: (1) A SOURCE APPROVAL LETTER FROM NAVICP'S ENGINEERING AND PRODUCT SUPPORT DIRECTORATE; OR; (2) OTHER EVIDENCE INDICATING THAT THE OFFEROR MEETS THE SOURCE APPROVAL CRITERIA. ALL REQUESTS FOR WAIVERS OR DEVIATIONS CLASSIFIED AS CRITICAL, MAJOR, OR MINOR MUST BE FORWARDED TO THE DSC CONTRACTING OFFICER FOR REVIEW AND APPROVAL. ALL ITEMS OF SUPPLY SHALL BE MARKED IAW MIL-STD-129. IN ADDITION, EACH UNIT PACK WILL BE MARKED WITH LOT AND SERIAL NUMBER (IF AVAILABLE), CONTRACTOR'S CAGE CODE, ACTUAL MANUFACTURER'S CAGE CODE AND PART NUMBER. (February 2016) RS039: Shelf-life requirement RS001 for a TYPE I (CODE Y) item with a shelf life of 180 months (non-extendable) applies to this item. CRITICAL APPLICATION ITEM TRIUMPH ACTUATION SYSTEMS - YAKIMA, LLC 97415 P/N 3-0001-10 IAW REFERENCE DRAWING NR 80020 MPR520 REVISION NR DTD 01/21/1987 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE DRAWING NR 16236 CN015356530 REVISION NR C DTD 03/17/2025 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE QAP 16236 SQAP015356530QA REVISION NR C DTD 03/17/2025 PART PIECE NUMBER: IAW REFERENCE QAP 16236 CDRL-015356530-25027 REVISION NR DTD 01/28/2025 PART PIECE NUMBER:

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kyle Barr
  - Email: Kyle.Barr@dla.mil
  - Phone: 614-693-0880

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f4972c4072c64025a07eea04d6b9adaf/view)