---
layout: default
title: Amendment 0001: VERSAJET II HYDROSURGERY SYSTEM FOR THE PINE RIDGE IHS HOSPITAL
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 31edd7c0549f41d0a6394c7ecc13717f
---

# Amendment 0001: VERSAJET II HYDROSURGERY SYSTEM FOR THE PINE RIDGE IHS HOSPITAL

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 11:53:16.507-04
- Solicitation Number: 75H70626Q00086

## Summary

Amendment 0001: To include addtitonal FAR Clauses A. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice, FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items (Title VI 11 of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994) (Public Law 103-355). This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. B. The Great Plains Area Indian Health Service (IHS) Pine Ridge Indian Health Service Hospital intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price, Commercial Item, Purchase Order in response to Request for Quote (RFQ) 75H70626Q00086. C. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-03 01/03/2025. D. This RFQ is issued as Indian Small Business Economic Enterprises (ISBEEs), and the associated NAICS Code is 339113, Surgical Appliance and Supplies Manufacturing, which has a size standard in number of employees 800. E. The quoted unit pricing must be all inclusive (to include but not be limited to travel, lodging, per diem, fringe benefits, federal, state and local taxes) plus all other costs pertinent to the performance of this contract. Utilize your most competitive and reasonable rates. Provide the following:_ VersaJet II Hydrosurgery System - no cost use VersaJet II Handpieces * See attached Statement of Work (SOW) F. To provide VersaJet II Hydrosurgery System and handpieces throughout the period of performance for the IHS Pine Ridge Indian Health Services, Bio-Medical Department, Pine Ridge, South Dakota, 57770. The period of performance: Base Year-Date of award plus 365 days Option Year One - 365 days Option Year Two – 365 days Option Year Three – 365 days Option Year Four – 365 days G. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation Date). Quotes shall be submitted on company letterhead stationery, signed, dated and it shall include: 1- Solicitation number 75H70626Q00086. 2. Closing Date: March 10, 2026 at 4:00 pm MST. 3. Name, address and telephone number of company and email address of contact person. 4. Technical description of the item/service being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements of the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary. 5. Terms of any express warranty. 6. Price and any discount terms. 7. "Remit to" address, if different than mailing address. 8. Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments (if any issued) 9. Past performance information, when included as an evaluation factor, to include recent and relevant contracts for the same or similar items and other references (including contract numbers, points of contact with telephone numbers and other relevant information). 10. A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Offerors that fail to furnish required representations or information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. Basis of award is Lowest Price Technically Acceptable "LPTA" factors in determining the successful contractor. Instructions and Evaluation Eligibility This procurement is restricted to Indian Small Business Economic Enterprises (ISBEEs) pursuant to the Buy Indian Act (25 U.S.C. § 5323). Quotes submitted by firms that are not eligible ISBEEs will be rejected and will not be evaluated. 2. Technical Acceptability Quotes will evaluated on pass/fail basis to determine whether the offeror demonstrates the ability to meet all requirements of the Statement of Work. 3. Price Evaluation Price will be evaluated for reasonableness and completeness. For evaluation purposes, the Government will calculate a total evaluated price using the quantities identified in the Schedule. 4. Basis for Award Award will be made to the responsible ISBEE offeror whose quote is technically acceptable and offers the lowest total evaluated price. H. FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation Date)- See attachment; in by reference. I. Attached are the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) & Health & Human Services Acquisition Regulation (HHSAR) clauses that are applicable including below. J. Offers will be accepted electronically, Submit via e-mail to the following: Mary.sarenana@ihs.gov Any questions, please submit by March 10, 2026 by 8:00 am MST. Contractors must obtain a Unique Entity ID (UEI) number and Taxpayer Identifying number (TIN); and be registered with www.sam.gov. must contain a statement to the effect that it is firm for a period of at least 60 days from the date of receipt by the Government. Quotation must set forth full, accurate and complete information as required by the Request for Quotation (RFQ) and be returned no later than the date reference in Paragraph #G-2. All required information must be submitted to be considered responsive and eligible for award. No contract award shall be made to any vendor listed on the OIG Exclusions List at http://exclusions.org.hhs.gov throughout the duration of the contract. Contractor must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) The Indian Health Services is in the process of implementing an electronic invoicing system. In compliance with the Office of Management and Budget (0MB) M-15-19 memorandum "Improving Government Efficiency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars Through Electronic Invoicing" directing Federal agencies to adopt electronic invoicing as the primary means to disburse payment to vendors. Invoices submitted under any award resulting from this solicitation will be required to utilize the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) in accordance with HHSAR 352.232-71, Electronic Submission and Processing of Payment Requests. IPP is a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Bureau of the Fiscal Service, in partnership with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis (FRSTL). Respondents to this solicitation are encouraged to register an account with IPP if they have not already done so. If your organization is already registered to use IPP, you will not be required to re-register- however, we encourage you make sure your organization and designated IPP user accounts are valid and up to date. The IPP website address is: https://www.ipp.gov If you require assistance registering or IPP account access, please contact the IPP Helpdesk at (866) 973-3131 (M-F 8AM to 6PM ET), or IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov Should the contractor feel that use of the IPP would be unduly burdensome, their response to this solicitation should include an explanation of this position for a determination by the contracting officer. ACCEPTANCE PERIOD: Your quote must stipulate that it is predicated upon all the terms and conditions of this RFQ. In addition, it must contain a statement to the effect that it is firm for a period of at least 60 days from the date of receipt by the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mary Baird
  - Email: mary.baird@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 6058673379

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/31edd7c0549f41d0a6394c7ecc13717f/view)