---
layout: default
title: USDA Forest Service Janitorial Services on the Blacksburg/New Castle WC, Jefferson NFs, VA
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 5bd30340b5b24f98a8e057bc757878e9
---

# USDA Forest Service Janitorial Services on the Blacksburg/New Castle WC, Jefferson NFs, VA

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 15:55:26.095-04
- Solicitation Number: 12444026Q0063

## Summary

Janitorial Services in anticipation of a Firm-Fixed-Price contract (see all attachments for specific technical data) TECHINCAL SERVICES REQUIRED Basic Cleaning Services • Maintain Floors. All floors, except carpeted areas, shall be swept, dust mopped, damp mopped, wet mopped as needed, to ensure they have a uniform, glossy appearance and freedom from dirt, debris, dust, scuff marks, heel marks, other stains and discoloration, and other foreign matter. Baseboards, corners, and wall/floor edges shall also be clean. All floor maintenance solutions shall be removed from baseboards, furniture, trash receptacles, etc. Chairs, trash receptacles, and other moveable items shall be moved to maintain floors underneath these items. All moved items shall be returned to their original and proper position. • Remove Trash. All trash containers shall be emptied and returned to their initial location. Boxes, cans, paper placed near a trash receptacle and marked “TRASH” shall be removed. Plastic trash receptacle liners shall be replaced if soiled with food/liquid. If liner is not soiled, empty can and leave liner in place. The trash shall be deposited in the nearest outside trash collection container. Trash receptacles shall be left clean, free of foreign matter, and free of odors. • Clean Drinking Fountains. Clean and disinfect all porcelain and polished metal surfaces, including the orifices and drain, as well as exterior surfaces of fountain. Drinking fountains shall be free of streaks, stains, spots, smudges, scale and other obvious soil. • Vacuum Carpets/Mats. Vacuum carpeted areas, including area and throw rugs. After vacuuming, the carpeted area shall be free of all visible dirt, debris, litter and other foreign matter. Any spots shall be removed by carpet manufacturer’s approved methods as soon as noticed. All tears, burns, and raveling shall be brought to the attention of the government representative. Vacuum and clean interior and exterior floor mats (if applicable). After vacuuming or cleaning, mats shall be free of all visible lint, litter, soil and other foreign matter. Soil and moisture underneath mats shall be removed and mats returned to their normal location. • Clean Carpets. Spot clean carpets where needed. Spots must be removed immediately. Any spots/stains that cannot be removed shall be brought to the attention of the government representative. • Clean Interior Glass/Mirrors. Clean all interior glass, (around reception area and between offices) mirrors, etc. After glass cleaning, there shall be no traces of film, dirt, smudges, water, or other foreign matter. • General Spot Cleaning. Perform spot cleaning as needed on a continual basis. Spot cleaning includes, but is not limited to removing or cleaning smudges, fingerprints, marks, streaks, spills, etc. from washable surfaces of all walls, partitions, woodwork, vents, grillwork, doors, door guards, door handles, pushbars, kickplates, light switches, temperature controls, and fixtures. After spot cleaning, the surface shall have a clean, uniform appearance, free of streaks, spots and other evidence of soil. • General Dusting. Clean and dust all surfaces; i.e. window sills, picture frames, baseboards, woodwork, walls, tops of partitions, ledge moldings, and door sashes. Dust and polish furniture including tops of bookcases, file cabinets, etc. DO NOT disturb tops of desks. Employee will be responsible for dusting his or her own desk. • Clean Kitchen Sinks, Dishes, Stove Top and Counters. Completely clean and disinfect all surfaces using a germicidal detergent. After cleaning, surfaces will be free of deposits, dirt, streaks, and odors. Replace paper items and soap as needed. Basic Entrance Cleaning Services • Sweep Front, Side and Back Walk. (if applicable) After sweeping walks, the surface shall be free from litter, dirt, dust and debris. • Sweep Entrance Stoops and Porches. (if applicable) After sweeping stoops and porches, the surface shall be free from litter, dirt, dust and debris. • Clean Doors and Windows. Clean the interior of doors and windows at entrances and spot clean the exterior surfaces and glass as needed. After cleaning, there shall be no traces of film, dirt, smudges, water, or other foreign matter. Basic Restroom Cleaning Services • Clean and Disinfect. Completely clean and disinfect all surfaces of sinks, toilet bowls, shelving, dispensers, plumbing fixtures, doors, walls, and other such surfaces, using a germicidal detergent. After cleaning, receptacles will be free of deposits, dirt, streaks, and odors. • Sweep and Mop Floor. After sweeping and mopping, the entire floor surface shall be free from litter, dirt, dust and debris. Floors shall have a uniform appearance without streaks, swirl marks, detergent residue, or any evidence of soil, stain, film or standing water. Moveable items shall be tilted or moved to sweep and damp mop underneath. Floors shall be scrubbed as necessary to maintain sanitary conditions and a clean, uniform appearance. • Clean Mirrors. (if applicable) All mirrors shall be cleaned and free of spots or streaks. • Stock Restroom Supplies. Contractor shall ensure that all towel, soap and toilet paper dispensers are serviced and full for all restrooms. The Government will provide supplies for restrooms. • Descale Toilet Bowls and Urinals. Descaling shall be performed as often as needed to keep areas free of scale and other deposits. After descaling, surfaces shall be free from streaks, stains, scale, scum and rust stains. Periodic Cleaning Services • Clean Interior & Exterior Windows. (Twice a Year. Clean once between 4/1 and 4/30 and once between 10/1 and 10/31). Clean glass surfaces on interior and exterior windows. Window screens shall be removed and cleaned. After surfaces have been cleaned, all traces of film, dirt, smudges, water and other foreign matter shall be removed from frames, casings, sills, and glass. • Clean Refrigerator (both locations) – Clean Oven (Work Center location only). Clean four (4) times per year. Once in each of the following months: January, April, July and October. Completely clean and disinfect all surfaces (inside and out) using a germicidal detergent. Remove and dispose of any outdated food. After cleaning, refrigerator will be free of deposits, dirt, streaks and odors. C.5 Quality Assurance Plan and Government Remedies The government will periodically evaluate the contractor’s performance by appointing a Contracting Officers Representative (COR) to monitor performance to ensure services are received. The government representative will evaluate the contractor’s performance through inspections of the contractor’s work and receipt of complaints. If the Government inspections indicate that work is not performed in accordance with contract specifications, the COR will immediately notify the Contractor in writing and order rework and improvement in the quality of work. Failure to conform to specifications may result in decreased payment or may be grounds for contract termination in accordance with FAR 52.212-4(m). PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE DATES -Base: 07-01-2026 – 06-31-2027 -OY1: 07-01-2027 – 06-31-2028 -OY2: 07-01-2028 – 06-31-2029 -OY3: 07-01-2029 – 06-31-2030 -OY4: 07-01-2030 – 06-31-2031

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Richard Kandrach - Contracting Specialist
  - Email: richard.kandrach@usda.gov
  - Phone: 928-913-9283
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Mark Miller - Tech POC
  - Email: mark.d.miller@usda.gov
  - Phone: 540-953-3562

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5bd30340b5b24f98a8e057bc757878e9/view)