---
layout: default
title: J066--PMR THERMOFISHER FREEZERS
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 170371b664bb449caf0737dae357c25b
---

# J066--PMR THERMOFISHER FREEZERS

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-02 14:02:51.415-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0589
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. It is neither a solicitation announcement nor a request for proposals or quotes and does not obligate the Government to award a contract. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. Responses to this source must be in writing. The purpose of this source sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses, Veteran Owned Small Businesses, 8(a), HubZone and other Small Businesses interested and capable of providing the services described below. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) company name (b) address (c) point of contact (d) phone, fax, and email (e) DUNS number (f) Cage Code (g) Tax ID Number (h) Type of small business, e.g. Services Disabled Veteran Owned small Business, Veteran-owned small business, 8(a), HUBZone, Women Owned Small Business, Small disadvantaged business, or Small Business HUBZone business and (i) must provide a capability statement that addresses the organizations qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the work described below. The Department of Veteran Affairs, San Diego VA Health Care System Research Department Requires a comprehensive Preventative maintenance and repairs of 2 -80 upright ThermoFisher freezers. Important information: The Government is not obligated to, nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this source sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. The VA is mandated by Public Law 109-461 to consider a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business set aside. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open competition may be determined. No sub-contracting opportunity is anticipated. The North American Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 811210 Electronic and Precision Equipment Repair and Maintenance. Notice to potential offerors: All offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov and complete Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA). Additionally, all Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Businesses or Veteran Owned Businesses who respond to a solicitation on this project must be registered with the SBA-Dynamic Small Business Search (DSBS) Registry located at https://dsbs.sba.gov. All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail to garrett.lyles@va.gov All information submissions to be marked Attn: Garrett Lyles, Contracting Officer and should be received no later than 1:00 pm MST on April 07, 2025. STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) Contract Number: Task Order Number: IFCAP Tracking Number: Follow-on to Contract and Task Order Number: 1. Contracting Officer s Representative (COR) Name: Leda Sally Section: RESEARCH Address: 3350 LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE SAN DIEGO, CA 92161 Phone Number: Fax Number: E-Mail Address: 2. Contract Title. Preventative maintenance and repairs of 2 -80 upright ThermoFisher freezers with a service contract. (1 base year + 4 option years). 3. Background. A service contract is requested for 2 -80 upright freezers located on the 6th floor, serial number 1172679011190723, and 1117230001190718 (room 6000). The research facility utilizes the freezers as back up equipment to store biological samples collected from human and animal study subjects. The freezers need to be in working condition all the time, and requires constant maintenance and repair to be functional. The needs for functioning back-up freezers was verified by the AWE at the time of Research inspection in 6th floor Research Service 4. Scope. VA Medical Center Research Department, 3350 La Jolla Village Dr, San Diego, 6th floor, Room 6000, CA 92161 Requires a comprehensive service repair on 2 upright -80 freezers. 5. Specific Tasks. VA San Diego has a prolific research service, where more than 50 investigators work in the service performing basic science and clinical research activities. To perform research and maintain a bio-repository of all biological samples collected by investigators, we need constant maintenance, and repair services of our back-up -80 freezers. VA San Diego Research service has 2 back-up freezers for use in research funded by the department of Veterans Affairs. These freezers need maintenance constantly to avoid any loss of precious samples. This is recommended by annual workplace evaluation (AWE) and the office of research oversight (ORO), agencies that mandate safety in work place. The need for the contract is for the maintenance and repairs for the units. Specifically, Contractor shall provide Emergency services upon request by the facility services. Contractor shall respond to emergency service call within two hour window upon receiving the call from the facility services. Contractors shall provide after hours and weekend services upon request from facility services Deliverables: Contractor shall complete and provide an electronic copy of the field service report to the COR, after each service call. This report must contain a detailed description of any services or repairs performed for each item of equipment, and must also include a listing of replacement parts, when applicable. Security Requirements: a. All Contractor personnel are required to wear I.D. badges and facial mask during the entire time he/she is on Government property. I.D. badges must have an identification picture and shall state the name of the individual and the company he/she represents. b. For repairs or services required outside normal working hours, the Contractor is required to check-in with the Security Officer on duty and with VA San Diego Bldg. 1, the facility plant, prior to start of repairs or service. Check-in and check-out procedures defined above are mandatory and will be strictly enforced. 6. Performance Monitoring. Joshua Wagoner Space Manager or Chitra Mandyam Research safety officer, will be checking quality of performance when service is used. 7. Security Requirements. N/A 8. Government-Furnished Equipment (GFE)/Government-Furnished Information (GFI). None 9. Other Pertinent Information or Special Considerations. N/A a. Identification of Possible Follow-on Work. N/A b. Identification of Potential Conflicts of Interest (COI). N/A c. Identification of Non-Disclosure Requirements. N/A Contractors must execute non-disclosure agreements when they work with sensitive and/or proprietary information. Your SOW must identify any sensitive or proprietary information to which the contractor will have access during contract performance so the non-disclosure agreements can be signed by the time the contract is awarded. d. Packaging, Packing and Shipping Instructions. N/A e. Inspection and Acceptance Criteria. N/A 10. Risk Control. N/A. 11. Place of Performance. 3350 La Jolla Village Drive, Main Hospital, 6th floor, Room 6000, San Diego, CA 92161 12. Period of Performance. Base: 05/01/2026-04/30/2027 OY1: 05/01/2027-04/30/2028 OY2: 05/01/2028-04/30/2029 OY3: 05/01/2029-04/30/2030 OY4: 05/01/2030-04/30/2031 13. Delivery Schedule: N/A

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Garrett Lyles
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: garrett.lyles@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/170371b664bb449caf0737dae357c25b/view)