---
layout: default
title: Request for Information (RFI) for C-sUAS Kinetic Hard-Kill Solutions FA4659-RFI-CSUAS Kinetic
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 6168cf814369424a851b42a016ba6d2e
---

# Request for Information (RFI) for C-sUAS Kinetic Hard-Kill Solutions FA4659-RFI-CSUAS Kinetic

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-23 15:03:14.484-04

## Summary

Request for Information (RFI) for C-sUAS Kinetic Hard-Kill Solutions FA4659-RFI-CSUAS Kinetic v3 Response Requested Not Later Than 30 April 2026 @ 1600 CST Request for Information (RFI) for C-sUAS Kinetic Hard-Kill Solutions for Group 1-3 Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Introduction: The Point Defense Battle Lab (PDBL) is seeking information from industry to improve USAF understanding of market capabilities and identify qualified vendors to collaborate with who are capable of providing Counter Small Unmanned Aircraft Systems (C-sUAS) integration, development, training, and sustainment services. Responses to this RFI will help identify businesses with C-sUAS technologies and expertise capable of collaborating with the PDBL to carry out its mission to “develop and validate Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures necessary to advance C-sUAS detection, tracking, interception, and neutralization, improving the ability of units to secure Air Force assets, personnel, and continuity of operations.” All interested and qualified businesses (i.e., Small Business, Other than Small) are encouraged to submit your information on the PDBL Vendor Landing Page at the following link. https://www.grandforks.af.mil/Point-Defense-Battle-Lab/PDBL-Vendor-Landing-Page/ Background: The USAF established the PDBL to serve as a hub for collaboration, pushing boundaries in C-sUAS capabilities, ensuring the Air Force maintains tactical superiority against evolving threats, and as a key part of the service’s effort to develop and evaluate advanced technologies to defend installations from sUAS threats. The PDBL priorities include: Shift installation defense against airborne threats to a more proactive posture. Integrate cutting-edge technology, unit expertise in tactical execution, and academic and industry to rapidly develop TTPs for defeating sUAS threats and ensuring robust force protection. Develop and evaluate advanced technologies to ensure the DAF maintains tactical superiority against evolving aerial threat Requirements: PDBL is seeking to collaborate with industry businesses that meet the following requirements: Ease of Use: The technology or services should be easy to use and require minimal training for operators. Rapidly Deployable: The technology or services should be capable of being transported via palletized cargo. Able to be set up with a small team (4 personnel or less) within 2 hours. Extreme Weather: The technology or services must be capable of withstanding and operating in ambient air temperatures of -40, and 20-30 mph winds. Proprietary Technology: The PDBL Prioritizes Non-proprietary technology, and will accept information on interoperable technology. The PDBL will also accept Proprietary Technology, note proprietary information should be clearly marked. Technical Parameters for C-sUAS Kinetic Hard-Kill: The PDBL is interested in technologies or services of the following types: Advanced Precision Kill Weapon System (APKWS) mid-range precision vehicle and container launchers Large caliber 30mm gun-based airburst/proximity close-in sustained fire Small caliber automated weapon stations with C-UAS fire control Drone on drone autonomous kinetic interceptors with AI-guided to terminal that can be 3-D printed to full size High-energy laser with a 2-20kW power range and has precision engagement, single target sequential with atmospheric-sensitive High-power microwave with a GaN solid-state, and an effective area engagement that is swarm-capable, and weather resistant Cybersecurity: If selected through prototyping phase, the technology or service will be required to comply with DoD Instruction 8510.01 (Risk Management Framework for DoD Systems), all information technology products and systems that receive, process, store, display, or transmit DoD information must obtain a formal Authorization to Operate (ATO), which signifies that an Authorizing Official (AO) has reviewed the system's security posture and deemed the residual risk acceptable to the Department of War. Submission Requirements: The information requested in support of the Capabilities Statement must be submitted in writing. The submitted Capabilities Statement shall not exceed fifteen (15) pages, in addition to a one (1) page cover letter, for a total submission not to exceed sixteen (16) pages., including: Company Overview: A brief overview of the company, including its experience and expertise around C-sUAS Kinetic Hard-Kill. Technology or Services Overview: A detailed description of the proposed technology or services the company offers, including its technical parameters, performance characteristics, and integration requirements. Technical Approach: A detailed description of the technical approach used for C-sUAS Kinetic Hard-Kill technologies or services. Performance Data: Performance data and test results that demonstrate the technologies or services’ ability to utilize C-sUAS Kinetic Hard-Kill measures to protect USAF assets. Your submission should be organized in accordance with the instructions in this document to permit a thorough and accurate review by the USAF. Responses to this RFI must be submitted to the USAF via electronic mail no later than 30 April, 2026 at 4:00PM, CST. Points of Contact: The point of contact for this submission is: TSgt Trenton A. Cott at trenton.cott@us.af.mil. Security: This RFI is unclassified. Do not include any classified information submitted in response to this RFI. Proprietary information should be clearly marked. Disclaimer: THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION IS SOLELY FOR INFORMATIONAL AND PLANNING PURPOSES AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION. In accordance with FAR 15.101(c), Requests for Information. The Government does not currently intend to award a contract, but wants to obtain delivery, market, or capabilities information for planning purposes. Responses to RFIs are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The Government does not intend to award a contract on the basis of the RFI or otherwise pay for the information requested; and Responses will be treated as information only and not as a proposal. Information received in response to an RFI must be safeguarded adequately from unauthorized disclosure. Contracting officers shall mark the information with date and time of receipt and provide the information to designated officials.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Trenton Cott
  - Email: trenton.cott@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7017473750

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6168cf814369424a851b42a016ba6d2e/view)