---
layout: default
title: CMSFS VERTICAL TRANSPORTATION EQUIPMENT (VTE) MAINTENANCE, REPAIR & INSPECTION SERVICES
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 7122b70193ee4460b1431c294f7d8cd4
---

# CMSFS VERTICAL TRANSPORTATION EQUIPMENT (VTE) MAINTENANCE, REPAIR & INSPECTION SERVICES

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 14:48:50.765-04
- Solicitation Number: FA251726Q0002

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in RFO part 12. This announcement constitutes only solicitation. Offers are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation FA251726Q0002 is issued for the 21st Contracting Squadron, Peterson Space Force Base (PSFB) Vertical Transportation Equipment (VTE) maintenance, repair, and inspection services at Cheyenne Mountain Space Force Station (CMSFS). This will be solicited as a Firm Fixed Price small business set-aside purchase order. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code is 238290 - Other Building Equipment Contractors. The size standard is $22.0M. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Revolutionary FAR (Federal Acquisition Regulation) Overhaul (RFO), effective 03/30/2026. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. A list of solicitation provisions and contract clauses that apply to this acquisition can be found in Attachment 2. The quotes will be evaluated IAW RFO 52.212-2, found herein. Please read and comply with all requirements for submitting a quote under the solicitation instructions and the addendum to RFO 52.212-1. Failure to comply with all instructions contained within this synopsis/solicitation may result in the quote being ineligible for award. It is the quoter’s responsibility to ensure their quote meets all the requirements identified herein and the associated Attachments. Quoters shall complete the attached VTE CLIN Price Sheet (Attachment 3) by inputting a price for all yellow cells. *RFO Provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Product and Commercial Services (Sept 2023) applies to this acquisition and the following addendum applies: The following words stating “offer”, “offeror”, and “proposal” are replaced with “quotation”, “vendor”, and “quote”. Paragraph (a) first sentence revised as follows: “The NAICS code and small business size standard for this acquisition appear above.” Paragraph (c) first sentence revised as follows: “The vendor agrees to hold the prices in its quote firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of quotes, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the combined synopsis/solicitation.” The place of performance is CMSFS, Colorado the Government anticipates a one-year base period with four one-year option periods. Additionally, this requirement will include a potential 6 month extension for services. The resulting award will be a Firm-Fixed Priced Purchase Order. A site visit will be hosted at CMSFS on Wednesday, 29 April 2026 at 0900 AM Mountain Time. Please RSVP no later than (NLT) 3 business days in advance by 12:00 P.M. Mountain Time (MT) . All requests must be submitted to both the Contract Specialist, 1st Lt Janiece Yow at janiece.yow.1@spaceforce.mil and Contracting Officer, Ms. Brittney Rosenbaum, at brittney.rosenbaum@spaceforce.mil. Any questions regarding this solicitation shall be submitted to the contracting team no later than (NLT) 1300 Mountain Time (MT) Wednesday, 06 May 2026. All questions must be submitted to both the Contract Specialist, 1st Lt Janiece Yow at janiece.yow.1@spaceforce.mil and Contracting Officer, Ms. Brittney Rosenbaum, at brittney.rosenbaum@spaceforce.mil Questions submitted after this deadline may not be answered. Quotes and contract documentation shall be provided NLT 1300 Mountain Time (MT), Wednesday, 13 May 2026 to 21 CONS/PKB. Please submit quotes to both the both the Contract Specialist, 1st Lt Janiece Yow at janiece.yow.1@spaceforce.mil and Contracting Officer, Ms. Brittney Rosenbaum, at brittney.rosenbaum@spaceforce.mil. Questions submitted after this deadline may not be answered. Late submissions: Quoters are responsible for submitting quotations so as to reach the Government office designated by the time specified in the solicitation. Any quotation received at the Government office designated in the solicitation after the exact time specified for receipt of quotations is late and may not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late quotation would not unduly delay the acquisition. Note: .zip files are not an acceptable format for the Air Force/Space Force Network and will not go through our email system. All companies must be registered in the System for Award Management at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ to be considered for award. It is the quoter’s responsibility to complete their reps and certs at SAM.gov for the quote to be evaluated for award. The Government will not provide contract financing for this acquisition. The contractor’s quote/response shall consist of two (2) separate parts: Part I - Priced Quote Part II - Technical Documentation 2. Format and Specific Instructions. COVER LETTER: Please provide the following information with your quote as a cover letter not to exceed 1 page: Company Name: Contact Name: Address: Telephone Number: Cage Code or UEI: Statement the quote is valid for a minimum of 60 calendar days: Size of Business/Socio Economic Status: PART I – PRICED QUOTE The quoter shall either submit on company letterhead a quote identifying the unit price, total line-item price, and overall price for all CLINs – except for the Parts and Materials CLINS 0003, 1003, 2003, 3003, and 4003 as those CLINs will be evaluated after award when parts need to be purchased for the repair and maintenance of the VTE – in Attachment 3 or the quoter shall complete their pricing submission utilizing the format in Attachment 3 in its entirety. PART II – TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION Quoter shall submit technical information so they can sufficiently meet the qualifications for Factor 1 –Type 1 conveyance mechanic license. This submission shall not exceed 10 pages. 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Items (Nov 2021) This tailored clause takes precedence over the clause incorporated by reference. The Government will award a firm fixed priced purchase order resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Part I – Priced Quote Part II - Technical Documentation Award will be made based on the competitive quote with the lowest total evaluated price that meets the technical criteria on an acceptable/unacceptable basis. If any technical criteria are determined to be unacceptable that quote may not be evaluated further and may not be eligible for award. Addendum to RFO 52.212-2 - Evaluation -- Commercial Items (Nov 2021). Evaluation: By submission of its quote, the offeror agrees to all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, representations and certifications, and technical requirements. Failure to adhere to all solicitation requirements may result in an offer being determined unacceptable and ineligible for further evaluation. The evaluation process follows: Part I – Priced Quote Evaluation Initially, the Government will place all quotes that meet the requirements of the solicitation in order by price, beginning with the lowest total evaluated price. The total evaluated price will be determined utilizing the quoted price for the base period, option periods, and the six-month extension period will be evaluated by using the dollar amount quoted for Option Year 4 (CLINS 4001 and 4002 will be added together) and dividing it by 2, for evaluation purposes only. The total evaluated price will be evaluated using either a quote identifying the unit price, total line-item price, and overall price for all CLINs identified in Attachment 3 provided in Addendum to RFO 52.212-1. The Government will then evaluate the lowest total evaluated priced offer to determine if it is reasonable and complete. If there is a conflict between the unit price and the overall price, the unit price will be used to determine the correct evaluated price. Failure to quote for any price element may cause the quoter’s quote to be rejected as unacceptable. Quoters whose evaluated price is unreasonable (in accordance with DFARS 212.204(a)) may not be considered for award. Part II – Technical Documentation Evaluation Next, the lowest total evaluated priced quoter will be evaluated on an Acceptable/Unacceptable basis for the Technical Requirement. For the lowest evaluated priced quoter to receive a rating of “Acceptable”, the quoter shall submit technical documentation that confirms that their company meets the minimum requirements as stated in this combined synopsis/solicitation in accordance with the evaluation factor identified below. The evaluation factor is: Factor 1 – Contractor shall be licensed by the State of Colorado and possess a Type 1 conveyance mechanic license IAW PWS Paragraph 8.6. A copy of the license must be provided. If the lowest evaluated priced quoter does not demonstrate all necessary requirements, it will receive an “Unacceptable” rating and evaluation of that quote will stop. The technical factors will receive one of the following ratings listed below. Rating Description Rating Description Acceptable Quote meets the requirements of the solicitation. Unacceptable Quote does not meet the requirements of the solicitation. Basis of Award: If the lowest total evaluated priced quote receives an “acceptable” technical rating, that quote represents the most advantageous offer to the Government, evaluation of that quote is complete, and the evaluation process will stop, resulting in an award. If the lowest total evaluated price quote receives an “unacceptable” technical rating, evaluation of that quote will stop. In that instance, the next lowest evaluated priced quoter will be evaluated using the methodology above and the process will continue (in order by price) until a quote receives an “acceptable” technical rating, or until all quoter are evaluated. Conversations conducted to resolve minor or clerical errors will not constitute discussions and the Contracting Officer reserves the right to award a purchase order without the opportunity for a quote revision. The Government intends to award a purchase order without conversations (while keeping with RFO Part 12). However, the Government reserves the right to conduct conversations with one, some, all, or none of the vendors if deemed in its best interest. In the case that a discrepancy exists, procedures will be executed IAW RFO 52.212-4(r). List of Attachments (4) 1. Attachment 1 - VTE Performance Work Statement_ April 2026 2. Attachment 2 - Provisions & Clauses_15April2026 3. Attachment 3 - VTE CLIN Pricing Sheet_April 2026 4. Attachment 4 - Wage Determination 2015-5417 Rev31_03Dec2025

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: 2d Lt Janiece Yow
  - Email: janiece.yow.1@spaceforce.mil
  - Phone: 7195566560
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brittney Rosenbaum
  - Email: brittney.rosenbaum@spaceforce.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . The quotes will be evaluated IAW RFO 52.212-2, found herein. Please read and comply with all requirements for submitting a quote under the solicitation instructions and the addendum to RFO 52.212-1. Failure to comply with all instructions contained within this synopsis/solicitation may result in the quote being ineligible for award. It is the quoter’s responsibility to ensure their quote meets all the requirements identified herein and the associated Attachments. Quoters shall complete the attached VTE CLIN Price Sheet (Attachment 3) by inputting a price for all yellow cells. *RFO Provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Product and Commercial Services (Sept 2023) applies to this acquisition and the following addendum applies: The following words stating “offer”, “offeror”, and “proposal” are replaced with “quotation”, “vendor”, and “quote”. Paragraph (a) first sentence revised as follows: “The NAICS code and small business size standard for this acquisition appear above.” Paragraph (c) first sentence revised as follows: “The vendor agrees to hold the prices in its quote firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of quotes, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the combined synopsis/solicitation.” The place of performance is CMSFS, Colorado the Government anticipates a one-year base period with four one-year option periods. Additionally, this requirement will include a potential 6 month extension for services. The resulting award will be a Firm-Fixed Priced Purchase Order. A site visit will be hosted at CMSFS on Wednesday, 29 April 2026 at 0900 AM Mountain Time. Please RSVP no later than (NLT) 3 business days in advance by 12:00 P.M. Mountain Time (MT) . All requests must be submitted to both the Contract Specialist, 1st Lt Janiece Yow at janiece.yow.1@spaceforce.mil and Contracting Officer, Ms. Brittney Rosenbaum, at brittney.rosenbaum@spaceforce.mil. Any questions regarding this solicitation shall be submitted to the contracting team no later than (NLT) 1300 Mountain Time (MT) Wednesday, 06 May 2026. All questions must be submitted to both the Contract Specialist, 1st Lt Janiece Yow at janiece.yow.1@spaceforce.mil and Contracting Officer, Ms. Brittney Rosenbaum, at brittney.rosenbaum@spaceforce.mil Questions submitted after this deadline may not be answered. Quotes and contract documentation shall be provided NLT 1300 Mountain Time (MT), Wednesday, 13 May 2026 to 21 CONS/PKB. Please submit quotes to both the both the Contract Specialist, 1st Lt Janiece Yow at janiece.yow.1@spaceforce.mil and Contracting Officer, Ms. Brittney Rosenbaum, at brittney.rosenbaum@spaceforce.mil. Questions submitted after this deadline may not be answered. Late submissions: Quoters are responsible for submitting quotations so as to reach the Government office designated by the time specified in the solicitation. Any quotation received at the Government office designated in the solicitation after the exact time specified for receipt of quotations is late and may not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late quotation would not unduly delay the acquisition. Note: .zip files are not an acceptable format for the Air Force/Space Force Network and will not go through our email system. All companies must be registered in the System for Award Management at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ to be considered for award. It is the quoter’s responsibility to complete their reps and certs at SAM.gov for the quote to be evaluated for award. The Government will not provide contract financing for this acquisition. The contractor’s quote/response shall consist of two (2) separate parts: Part I - Priced Quote Part II - Technical Documentation 2. Format and Specific Instructions. COVER LETTER: Please provide the following information with your quote as a cover letter not to exceed 1 page: Company Name: Contact Name: Address: Telephone Number: Cage Code or UEI: Statement the quote is valid for a minimum of 60 calendar days: Size of Business/Socio Economic Status: PART I – PRICED QUOTE The quoter shall either submit on company letterhead a quote identifying the unit price, total line-item price, and overall price for all CLINs – except for the Parts and Materials CLINS 0003, 1003, 2003, 3003, and 4003 as those CLINs will be evaluated after award when parts need to be purchased for the repair and maintenance of the VTE – in Attachment 3 or the quoter shall complete their pricing submission utilizing the format in Attachment 3 in its entirety. PART II – TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION Quoter shall submit technical information so they can sufficiently meet the qualifications for Factor 1 –Type 1 conveyance mechanic license. This submission shall not exceed 10 pages. 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Items (Nov 2021) This tailored clause takes precedence over the clause incorporated by reference. The Government will award a firm fixed priced purchase order resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Part I – Priced Quote Part II - Technical Documentation Award will be made based on the competitive quote with the lowest total evaluated price that meets the technical criteria on an acceptable/unacceptable basis. If any technical criteria are determined to be unacceptable that quote may not be evaluated further and may not be eligible for award. Addendum to RFO 52.212-2 - Evaluation -- Commercial Items (Nov 2021). Evaluation: By submission of its quote, the offeror agrees to all solicitation requirements, including terms and conditions, representations and certifications, and technical requirements. Failure to adhere to all solicitation requirements may result in an offer being determined unacceptable and ineligible for further evaluation. The evaluation process follows: Part I – Priced Quote Evaluation Initially, the Government will place all quotes that meet the requirements of the solicitation in order by price, beginning with the lowest total evaluated price. The total evaluated price will be determined utilizing the quoted price for the base period, option periods, and the six-month extension period will be evaluated by using the dollar amount quoted for Option Year 4 (CLINS 4001 and 4002 will be added together) and dividing it by 2, for evaluation purposes only. The total evaluated price will be evaluated using either a quote identifying the unit price, total line-item price, and overall price for all CLINs identified in Attachment 3 provided in Addendum to RFO 52.212-1. The Government will then evaluate the lowest total evaluated priced offer to determine if it is reasonable and complete. If there is a conflict between the unit price and the overall price, the unit price will be used to determine the correct evaluated price. Failure to quote for any price element may cause the quoter’s quote to be rejected as unacceptable. Quoters whose evaluated price is unreasonable (in accordance with DFARS 212.204(a)) may not be considered for award. Part II – Technical Documentation Evaluation Next, the lowest total evaluated priced quoter will be evaluated on an Acceptable/Unacceptable basis for the Technical Requirement. For the lowest evaluated priced quoter to receive a rating of “Acceptable”, the quoter shall submit technical documentation that confirms that their company meets the minimum requirements as stated in this combined synopsis/solicitation in accordance with the evaluation factor identified below. The evaluation factor is: Factor 1 – Contractor shall be licensed by the State of Colorado and possess a Type 1 conveyance mechanic license IAW PWS Paragraph 8.6. A copy of the license must be provided. If the lowest evaluated priced quoter does not demonstrate all necessary requirements, it will receive an “Unacceptable” rating and evaluation of that quote will stop. The technical factors will receive one of the following ratings listed below. Rating Description Rating Description Acceptable Quote meets the requirements of the solicitation. Unacceptable Quote does not meet the requirements of the solicitation. Basis of Award: If the lowest total evaluated priced quote receives an “acceptable” technical rating, that quote represents the most advantageous offer to the Government, evaluation of that quote is complete, and the evaluation process will stop, resulting in an award. If the lowest total evaluated price quote receives an “unacceptable” technical rating, evaluation of that quote will stop. In that instance, the next lowest evaluated priced quoter will be evaluated using the methodology above and the process will continue (in order by price) until a quote receives an “acceptable” technical rating, or until all quoter are evaluated. Conversations conducted to resolve minor or clerical errors will not constitute discussions and the Contracting Officer reserves the right to award a purchase order without the opportunity for a quote revision. The Government intends to award a purchase order without conversations (while keeping with RFO Part 12). However, the Government reserves the right to conduct conversations with one, some, all, or none of the vendors if deemed in its best interest. In the case that a discrepancy exists, procedures will be executed IAW RFO 52.212-4(r). List of Attachments (4) 1. Attachment 1 - VTE Performance Work Statement_ April 2026 2. Attachment 2 - Provisions & Clauses_15April2026 3. Attachment 3 - VTE CLIN Pricing Sheet_April 2026 4. Attachment 4 - Wage Determination 2015-5417 Rev31_03Dec2025

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7122b70193ee4460b1431c294f7d8cd4/view)