---
layout: default
title: AMSCO 705HP Washer/Disinfector
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 169ade249eb841b486f1ee3aaa2a90b5
---

# AMSCO 705HP Washer/Disinfector

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 13:08:37.79-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0350

## Summary

Statement of Requirement This scope of work outlines the contractor’s responsibility to furnish all labor, travel, transportation, materials, shipping, parts, connections, and equipment required for the provision and on-site installation of the following at 4801 Linwood Blvd, Kansas City, MO. 64128, to support the Sterile Processing Service (SPS) department for medical procedures and surgeries in the OR Surgical Suites, Cath Lab, Dental Clinic, Eye Clinic, and Podiatry Clinic: four (4) AMSCO™ 7053HP Washer Disinfectors, four (4) SCS Conveyors, one (1) SCS Return Door, four RAS Cycles for 7053HP, and two (2) RAS 12 Long Racks. The contractor will also provide comprehensive training to clinical staff before the equipment is used. This training must cover all work shifts within the sterile processing department, and the contractor will be responsible for annual retraining on all equipment. Additionally, the contractor shall remove and properly dispose of all debris and packing materials generated during washer equipment installation. The complete acquisition, procurement, and installation process includes all essential non-union labor and materials for the uncrating, setting in place, and assembly of the Steris equipment. The quoted price assumes work is performed during normal business hours, Monday to Friday, from 8:00AM to 5:00PM, unless otherwise indicated, as part of its Installation Services, Steris will also provide an operational check-out test, make any necessary adjustments and conduct a demonstration of the equipment’s functionality for the appropriate facility staff. 2. SPECIFICATIONS Minimum of four washer disinfectors shall have minimum operations dimensions of 1067 x 2051 x 965 mm (42 x 80-3/4 x 38") with chamber dimensions 673 x 667 x 800 mm (26-1/2 x 26-1/4 x 31-1/2"). Conveyor Return Line 521lbs, (H)x31 inches (W)x32 inches (D)x161 inches Plumbing-Drain only Electrical: Special electrical requirements Utility: Med Gas-Air, high pressure (85 PSIG) max Utility: Misc-CAT 6 to nearest T-Comm Room Emergency stop/disconnect capabilities Pressure release push button Stand-alone return line Return line provides the transportation of racks to the soiled side from the clean side. Prior to use all packaging material must be properly removed from the RAS Rack: two additional port connectors are safely put aside; and the RAS filter assembly is in place. Ensure robotic cycle has been configured on Washer/Disinfectors. Per AAMI Standards ST79-2017 & 2020 Amended A1, A2, A3, A4 (Consolidated Text) Comprehensive guide: Selection of mechanical cleaning equipment should be based on the requirements for cleaning of the devices to be processed. The mechanical cleaning equipment currently available for reprocessing medical devices that are moisture-, detergent-, and temperature-stable include the following: a) Ultrasonic cleaning equipment b) Irrigator cleaners c) Ultrasonic irrigators d) Ultrasonic irrigator washers e) Ultrasonic irrigator washer–disinfectors f) Floor-mounted cart washer–disinfectors g) Single-chamber washer–disinfectors h) Multi-chamber washer–disinfectors I) Medical washer AMSCO ™ 7053HP Washer Disinfectors utility requirements: Supports steam heated cycles Utilizes 460-480 voltage 3Ph, 60Hz electrical system Shall provide Robotic Assisted Surgery Instrument thermal disinfection cycle capabilities. Shall provide Auto docking transfer cart for Long Chamber Washer/Disinfector for transferring accessories into and out of the washer/disinfector. Includes Bottle collection kit. Shall integrate with the Censitrac Instrument Tracking System. 3. REQUIREMENTS The contractor is responsible for conducting site visits to verify existing conditions, material quantities, installation instructions, and identify any discrepancies or conflicting requirements in the Statement of Work before submitting the Final Proposal. The contractor shall provide and install four (4) 7053HP Washer Disinfectors with four (4) SCS Conveyors and RAS capabilities to the VA Medical Center located at 4801 Linwood Kansas City, Mo 64128. The contractor shall ensure that all repairs, preventable, and remedial maintenance provided during the provision timeframe of this contract meet and or exceed the OEM’s specifications. The contractor shall ensure that only FULLY QUALIFIED TECHNICIANS/ENGINEERS are employed in the performance of all work performed under this contract. The contractor must maintain the highest standard of professional capability and workmanship is maintained throughout the life of this contract. 4. EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE & RESPONSE TIMES The vendor shall provide full-service maintenance through a service agreement post installation. The vendor shall provide all additional recurring and preventative maintenance activities: Emergency response for equipment and MSPS failures. For any equipment failure causing a total or partial loss of the equipment, the vendor must respond to the facility within 4 hours of VMAC contact. If a permanent solution cannot be implemented within 24 hours of the initial failure, a temporary solution must be operational within that same 24- hour period. A permanent solution, including any necessary replacements, shall be planned and ordered within 5 days of the initial failure. 5. SAFETY The contractor/vendor shall always, ensure that all work provided complies with all local, State, and Federal rules and regulations pertaining to workplace safety. The contractor shall take all proper safety and health precautions to protect the work, the workers, the public and the property (OSHA). Installs and construction work will be in accordance with all applicable codes to include the most current codes National Fire Protection Association (NFPA), and the VA Design Guide Manuals that are applicable to the work. If the design guide is equivalent or more stringent then the mentioned codes, the VA Design Guide takes precedence. FIRE EXTINGUISHERS: Portable fire extinguishers shall be provided, hung, inspected, and maintained monthly by the Contractor in accordance with NFPA 10, 2018 edition. 6. DOCUMENTATION The contractor shall furnish to the KCVA Medical Center Biomedical Engineering department legible hard copies and electronic copies of service reports of the maintenance indicating details of the maintenance performed upon completion of all work. 7. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE Kansas City Veteran Administration Medical Center, 4801 Linwood Blvd. Kansas City 64128 8. PERFORMANCE MONITORING The contractor’s performance will be monitored by the Contracting Officer (CO), Contracting Officer Representative (COR), Infection Control Risk Assessment Office, and Safety Office during the rental agreement period. Coordinate all administrative and construction requirements exclusively with or through assigned Contracting Officer Representative (COR). The Construction Safety Officer, Construction Safety Committee, and COR will review the operations and site construction conditions of the project to confirm that all Safety regulations relating to construction and healthcare facilities are being adhered to. Daily and weekly safety rounds will be conducted. For non-compliance safety related issues, a safety report will be sent to the Contractor to correct within 14 days. Non-compliance may result in job-site suspense until compliance is met at the contractor’s expense. 9. HOURS OF OPERATION The contractor will perform services required during the hours of 7:30 am – 4:00 pm, Monday through Friday or as directed by the designated COR.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jon Lutmer
  - Email: Jonathan.lutmer@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-946-1118

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/169ade249eb841b486f1ee3aaa2a90b5/view)