---
layout: default
title: Ralston Island, AK Remedial Action and GWM
agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 6a28c6f0ddba412eada459069a621ec9
---

# Ralston Island, AK Remedial Action and GWM

- Agency: TRANSPORTATION, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 13:56:21.567-04
- Solicitation Number: 697DCK-26-R-00235

## Summary

The FAA has a requirement for engineering services necessary to perform remediation of contaminated soil and groundwater sampling at the former FAA Range location on Ralston Island, Alaska. The work consists of preparing a work plan for soil remediation, groundwater, and soil sampling in accordance with Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation’s (ADEC) of August 2024 Field Sampling Guidance, and Site Characterization Work Plan and Reporting Guidance for Investigation of Contaminated Sites (ADEC March 2017). See Section 4 for detailed information on the scope of work. Below is an abbreviation of the statement of work and no attachments will be provided until solicitation: - The Contractor must abide by all applicable laws, codes, regulations, and guidance’s, and is required to perform all work in full compliance with federal, state, and local laws, codes, and regulations. - The Contractor shall perform all work in such a manner as to minimize pollution of air, surface, land and groundwater, and to control noise and dust within reasonable limits or limits established by applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. The Contractor shall furnish all labor, materials and equipment, and perform all work required for protection of the environment during all operations. - The Contractor shall investigate requirements for and obtain Environmental Permits, Licenses, and/or Certificates necessary to accomplish work specified in the SOW. Required clearances, such as excavation, digging, or drilling permits, shall be obtained prior to initiation of site operations by the Contractor. - It is expected that the Contractor has an active Health and Safety Program conforming to the most current requirements of federal, state, and local laws; regulations; and guidance. In addition, Contractor shall prepare, implement and enforce, for each project site, a Site Health and Safety Plan (SHSP). It is the responsibility of the Contractor to provide all facilities, equipment, monitoring instruments, materials, and personnel necessary to protect the Contractor and subcontractor’s on-site personnel from physical injury and adverse health effects due to hazards. - At least one person currently certified in standard First Aid/CPR by the American Red Cross or equivalent agency shall be present on-site at all times during site operations. - The Contractor shall characterize waste generated in accordance with the Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) regulations (40 CFR Part 261) and authorized individual state and local regulations. - The Contractor shall remove solid wastes from the site and dispose of them at a facility authorized by federal, state, and local laws and regulations to receive the waste, including such facilities specifically constructed and permitted by the state. No wastes are to be burned, buried or otherwise left on-site. - For all projects where hazardous waste is generated the Contractor may be considered a co-generator, if such an agreement is entered into with the FAA. The Contractor shall also be responsible for all waste characterization, storage, manifesting, transportation, disposal and record keeping. Records will also be provided, by the Contractor, to the FAA. It is acceptable for the Contractor to include the Contractor’s name, address, and EPA ID number in Blocks 1 and 5 of the manifest. - Soil Sampling & Remediation: At locations SP1, SP2 and SP5, the contractor will adhere to the requirements of ADEC Technical Memorandum-21-001, Biogenic Interference and Silica Gel Cleanup, December 22, 2021. . The lack of heterogeneity of the soil on the island can result in having too wide a range of the Total Organic Carbon (TOC) concentrations. This will reduce the usefulness of the silica gel cleanup results. The lack of heterogeneity also requires each of the sites to have its own background sample collected. The contractor shall use their professional judgement to determine the location each background sample relative to the boundaries of the known contamination at each site. The spill area SP9 is the one location with DRO confirmed to be over the ADEC cleanup level. The impacted area is approximately 60 feet long and 40 feet wide with a depth that varies across the site. Groundwater appears to be found from 1 to 3 feet below the ground surface, and bedrock is found 3 to 8 feet below the ground surface. The contractor shall assume that there will be a minimum of 300 cubic yards of DRO contaminated soil removed from this area. - Groundwater Monitoring: There are a total of six groundwater monitoring wells installed at the former Range area. Each of the wells will be sampled for DRO prior to any remedial action taking place. Monitoring well SP9-MW1 will likely be damaged or removed during soil excavation at SP9 location. It does not have to be replaced since the excavation is not likely to be fully backfilled up to the original surface elevation and will become a pond. In order to better understand the market for this potential requirement, the FAA requests the following information from interested Small Business vendors: 1. Name of Company (the resultant Prime contractor that may ultimately be awarded the subsequent contract) 2. Address 3. Point of Contact name, email address and telephone number 4. UEI Number 5. Relevant experience on similar projects within the last five years (at least 2 projects). Please provide specific contract numbers, contact names and email information to support claimed capabilities. Limit to 5 pages. Please submit your capability statement and the above information to Sonia.o.holguin@faa.gov no later than April 21, 2026 at 1200 Central Time. Failure to respond to this pre-solicitation with all of the requested information will preclude a Contractor’s ability to receive a copy of the future solicitation. Limit complete responses to no more than five pages. Information will not be released; however, mark PROPRIETARY on all documents submitted, as applicable.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sonia Holguin
  - Email: sonia.o.holguin@faa.gov
  - Phone: 8172224397
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brandi Holmes
  - Email: brandi.b.holmes@faa.gov
  - Phone: 8172224763

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6a28c6f0ddba412eada459069a621ec9/view)