---
layout: default
title: 1033 nm laser and 1068 nm laser for the IMS project Reimagining Thermal Radiation Combined Sources Sought/ Notice of Intent to Sole Source
agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e6eeae1daf6940aeadea3143914d3318
---

# 1033 nm laser and 1068 nm laser for the IMS project Reimagining Thermal Radiation Combined Sources Sought/ Notice of Intent to Sole Source

- Agency: COMMERCE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-11 18:00:11.037-04
- Solicitation Number: NIST-SS26-84

## Summary

*****THIS IS A COMBINED SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE AND NOTICE OF INTENT TO SOLE SOURCE***. BACKGROUND The Fundamental Thermodynamics group is developing molecule laser cooling platform that will enable advanced pressure and temperature metrology. This project requires a robust, spectrally narrow source of laser light to detect the molecule yield from a cold molecular beam source. This light source must be tunable for wavelengths from 1033.2 nm 1033.6 nm, and between 1068.35 nm to 1068.75 nm NIST is seeking information from sources that may be capable of providing a solution that will achieve the objectives described above, in addition to the following essential requirements Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) 0001: The Contractor shall provide one (1) 1033 nm laser and one (1) 1068 nm laser The system shall meet or exceed the technical specifications identified below. All items must be new. Used or remanufactured equipment will not be considered for award. Experimental, prototype, or custom items will not be considered. The use of “gray market” components not authorized for sale in the U.S. by the Contractor is not acceptable. Line Item 0001 Description: 1033 nm laser Quantity: One (1) Technical Specifications – Must meet all technical specifications simultaneously Produce a continuous wave single frequency output at any wavelength between 1033.2 nm 1033.6 nm Shall have a minimal thermal tuning of +/- 0.2 nm Shall have a minimal fast tuning via piezo of 10 GHz Shall have laser frequency linewidth of <50 kHz Shall have a minimum output power of 10 mW Shall have a polarization maintaining fiber output Shall have a mode hop-free tuning range of >20 GHz Shall have an output beam with a TEM_00 mode and a beam quality with M^2 <

1.1 Linearly polarized output, polarization >100:1 Operate with only passive or forced air cooling. Operating ambient temperature 16 C – 26 C. Operating ambient relative humidity up to 80%. Operate using 120 VAC, with supply current <10 Amps. Provide electronics for controlling the laser’s current, temperature, and tuning piezo. Electronics require a USB interface PC GUI for remote control of laser settings The contractor shall further provide any software and reference manuals required for operation of the 1033 nm laser. Line Item 0002 Description: 1068 nm laser Quantity: One (1) Technical Specifications – Must meet all technical specifications simultaneously Produce a continuous wave single frequency output at any wavelength between 1068.35 nm to 1068.75 nm Shall have a minimal thermal tuning of +/- 0.2 nm Shall have a minimal fast tuning via piezo of 10 GHz Shall have laser frequency linewidth of <50 kHz Shall have a minimum output power of 10 mW Shall have a polarization maintaining fiber output Shall have a mode hop-free tuning range of >20 GHz Shall have an output beam with a TEM_00 mode and a beam quality with M^2 <

1.1 Linearly polarized output, polarization >100:1 Operate with only passive or forced air cooling. Operating ambient temperature 16 C – 26 C. Operating ambient relative humidity up to 80%. Operate using 120 VAC, with supply current <10 Amps. Provide electronics for controlling the laser’s current, temperature, and tuning piezo. Electronics require a USB interface PC GUI for remote control of laser settings, must be identical to PG GUI for line item 0001, technical specification 14.ii The contractor shall further provide any software and reference manuals required for operation of the 1068 nm laser. NIST conducted market research from October 2025 – February 2026 by, speaking with colleagues, performing internet searches, and speaking with vendors to determine what sources could meet NIST’s minimum requirements. The results of that market research revealed that only NKT Photonics Inc. (WJNUYEZ9UT11) can meet all the Governments minimum requirements. HOW TO RESPOND TO THIS NOTICE In responding to this notice, please DO NOT PROVIDE PROPRIETARY INFORMATION. Please include only the following information, readable in either Microsoft Word 365, Microsoft Excel 365, or .pdf format, in the response: Submit the response by email to the Primary Point of Contact and, if specified, to the Secondary Point of Contact listed in this notice as soon as possible, and preferably before the closing date and time of this notice. Please note that to be considered for award under any official solicitation, the entity must be registered and “active” in SAM at the time of solicitation response. Provide the complete name of your company, address, name of contact for follow-up questions, their email, their phone number and, if your company has an active registration in https://sam.gov, your company’s Unique Entity ID (UEI). Details about what your company is capable of providing that meets or exceeds NIST’s minimum requirements. Whether your company is an authorized reseller of the product or service being cited and evidence of such authorization. Identify any aspects of the description of the requirements in the BACKGROUND section above that could be viewed as unduly restrictive or create unnecessary barriers that adversely affect your firm’s ability to fully participate in a procurement for such services and explain why. Please offer suggestions for how the requirements could be organized or structured to encourage the participation of small businesses. For the NAICS code Indicate whether your company is (a) a small business or (b) other than small business. See the Table of Small Business Size Standards and the associated .pdf download file for small business size standards and additional information. If you believe the NAICS code listed in this notice is not the best NAICS code for the type of product addressed in this notice, identify an alternative NAICS code that you believe would be more appropriate for the planned procurement. If your firm has existing Federal Supply Schedule contract(s) or other contracts for products or services against which the Department may be able to place orders, identify the contract number(s) and other relevant information. Describe your firm’s experience (as a prime, subcontractor, or consultant) providing the products or services described in Background section. Provide any other information that you believe would be valuable for the Government to know as part of its market research for this requirement. Please let us know if you would like to engage to get a better understanding of the requirement or need additional information about the Government’s requirement for the products or services described in the Background section. QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS NOTICE Questions regarding this notice may be submitted via email to the Primary Point of Contact and the Secondary Point of Contact listed in this notice. Questions should be submitted within 5 days of this posting. If the Contracting Officer determines that providing a written amendment to this notice to document question(s) received would benefit other potential respondents, the questions would be anonymized, and a written response to such question(s) would be provided via an amendment to this notice. IMPORTANT NOTES The information received in response to this notice will be reviewed and considered so that the NIST may appropriately solicit for its requirements in the near future. This notice should not be construed as a commitment by the NIST to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. This notice is not a request for a quotation. Responses will not be considered as proposals or quotations. No award will be made as a result of this notice. NIST is not responsible for any costs incurred by the respondents to this notice. NIST reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s capability. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. Thank you for taking the time to submit a response to this request.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Junee Johnson
  - Email: junee.johnson@nist.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e6eeae1daf6940aeadea3143914d3318/view)