---
layout: default
title: 6520--Dentsplysirona-X-Ray Units-Heliodent Plus Wall Version Brand name or equal Pre-solicitation/Sources Sought Notice
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 732aa1acc82d4907bba2c707f148a105
---

# 6520--Dentsplysirona-X-Ray Units-Heliodent Plus Wall Version Brand name or equal Pre-solicitation/Sources Sought Notice

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-16 12:08:47.157-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0670
- Awardee: null

## Summary

1. Title: Dentsplysirona- X-Ray Units-Heliodent Plus Wall Version brand name or equal. 2. Purpose: The Network Contracting Office (NCO) 16, located at Galleria Financial Center, 5075 Westheimer Rd, Ste 750, Houston, TX 77030, hereby issues the following Sources Sought to Request Information (RFI) with the intent of determining the contractor interest, capabilities, qualifications of potential businesses, nonmanufacturer rule compliance, Buy American Act compliance, Trade Agreement compliance and estimated industry pricing information for market research and estimated budgetary purpose for brand name or equal to Dentsplysirona- X-Ray Units-Heliodent Plus Wall Version. Contractor shall provide all shipping, delivery, personnel, original equipment manufacturer (OEM) authorization, tools and equipment to uninstall nine x-ray units at the Central Arkansas Veterans Heath Care System (CAVHS) at North Little Rock, Arkansas. Contractor shall than install nine new brand name or equal Dentsplysirona-Dental X-Ray Units-Heliodent Plus Wall Version and provide one day onsite training. This Sources Sought is published for market research purposes. This Sources Sought will be used to determine if a set-aside for any small business program is appropriate. Government anticipates competitive, firm fixed price Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA). Please review this announcement, respond to questions below and review all attachments in their entirety. Government requests that interested offerors complete all questions below, provide required documentation, descriptive literature and authorization letter as described below. The Government is in no way obligated to do business with or to enter into any form of contract with any person, firm or other entity that receives or responds to this announcement. 3. Objective: To find qualified and certified contractors with the capability to provide all shipping, delivery, personnel, original equipment manufacturer (OEM) authorization, tools and equipment to uninstall nine x-ray units at the Central Arkansas Veterans Heath Care System (CAVHS) at North Little Rock, Arkansas. Contractor shall than install nine new brand name or equal Dentsplysirona-Dental X-Ray Units-Heliodent Plus Wall Version and provide one day onsite training. 4. Place of Performance: Delivery Location: Central Arkansas Veterans Heath Care System (CAVHS) 2200 Fort Roots Drive North Little Rock, AR 72114 5. Responses Requested: The NCO 16 requires all the following information and questions answered in this RFI/SS: Questions and information that is not provided may be considered nonresponsive to the Request for Information and contractor may not be considered as part of the market research. a. Contractors shall provide their point(s) of contact name, address, telephone number, and email address; and the company's business size, and SAM Unique Entity Identification Number. b. Is your company a small business, SDBs, HUBZone, or 8A concern? Please provide proof of qualifications. c. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code: 339114? d. Do you (Contractor) manufacture the product itself or a distributor of the items being researched above? e. Are you an authorized distributor/reseller? Provide evidence from original equipment manufacturer (OEM). f. Do you (Contractor) supply a product manufactured by another domestic small business, if it is a nonmanufacturer? g. Do you (Contractor) supply the product of any sized manufacturer if SBA has granted a waiver to the nonmanufacturer rule? h. Is your (Contractor) Buy American Certificate completed in SAM? Please provide evidence with response. i. Is your (Contractor) Trade Agreement Certificate completed in SAM? Please provide evidence with response. j. Information for the product being requested, is it manufactured outside the US? If non-domestic please communicate country of origin. k. Information for the product being requested, is it a foreign manufactured end product under the trade agreement? l. What is your schedule of delivery after receipt of order for the product? m. For the product bring requested, Is your product available under any; Government Wide Agency Contract (GWAC) General Services Administration Schedules (GSA) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) If so, please list the contract number for brand name or equal product. n. Provide descriptive literature demonstrating ability to meet all of the requirement/salient characteristics listed if other than brand name product is being offered. Please provide list of contracts for commercial, federal, state, and local governments. Listed contracts shall provide communication on the government requirement illustrating the capability for comparison. to the name brand or equal product meeting the specific requirements per the draft Statement of Work. o. Contractors shall provide an estimated industry pricing for brand name or equal product for market research and budgetary purposes. 6. Opportunity: The NCO 16, is seeking information from potential contractors on their ability to provide this service. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT FOR REQUEST INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. Small Business Concerns are encouraged to provide responses to this Sources Sought in order to assist NCO 16 in determining potential levels of competition available in the industry. Contractors shall possess the capability to meet all requirements and objectives. 7. Instructions and Response Guidelines: Sources Sought responses are due by April 27, 2026 at 10:00 am (CST) via email to anthony.marion2.gov. All Questions shall be submitted by April 22, 2026 at 10:00 pm (CST) via email to anthony.marion2.gov. Telephone requests or inquiries will not be accepted. Public Information will not be provided and shall be utilized to the full extent possible. This is a New Requirement. The subject line shall read: 36C25626Q0670 -RFI-Sources Sought- Dentsplysirona- X-Ray Units-Heliodent Plus Wall Version brand name or equal. NO SOLICITATION EXISTS AT THIS TIME. There is no page limitation on subparagraphs 5(a) - 5(o). Please provide the information you deem relevant in order to respond to the specific inquiries of the Sources Sought. Information provided will be used solely by NCO 16 as "market research" and will not be released outside of the NCO 16 Purchasing and Contract Team. This Sources Sought notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP), Invitation for Bid (IFB), or Request for Quotation (RFQ), and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to enter into a contract, nor will the Government pay for the information submitted in response to this request. All information contained in this Sources Sought is preliminary as well as subject to modification and is in no way binding on the Government. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the U.S. Government to form a binding contract. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on Contracting Opportunities (https://beta.sam.gov/) website or GSA. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this Sources Sought, or future RFP/RFQ. 8. Contact Information: Contract Specialist, Anthony Marion Email address: anthony.marion2@va.gov Your responses to this notice are appreciated. THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES/PROPOSALS; however, any firm that believes it can meet the requirements may provide answers, responses and give written notification prior to the response due date and time. Supporting evidence and responses must be furnished in enough detail to demonstrate the ability to perform the requirements.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Anthony Marion
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: anthony.marion2@va.gov
  - Phone: 713-794-7408

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/732aa1acc82d4907bba2c707f148a105/view)