---
layout: default
title: Tree Removal Services IDIQ
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 4f2b4a1ac1b040628faf27cdf9d0fded
---

# Tree Removal Services IDIQ

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-17 07:03:27.644-04
- Solicitation Number: W9124C26RA001

## Summary

The Mission and Installation Contracting Command - Fort Jackson, SC has a requirement to procure a non-personal service contract to provide all personnel, equipment, supplies, facilities, transportation, tools, materials, supervision, other items and non-personal services necessary to perform operations for providing Tree Removal Services. The Contractor shall provide all non-personal services necessary to perform all work in connection with the cutting, trimming/pruning, and removal of trees on Fort Jackson, SC, as defined in this Performance Work Statement (PWS). The Primary North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 561730 Landscaping Services with a size standard of $9.5M. This procurement will be competitively procured as 100% Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) set aside. It is anticipated that this requirement will be awarded as one (1) Firm Fixed-Price (FFP), Indefinite Delivery, Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) award contract. The anticipated period of performance (PoP) will be 15 March 2026 through 14 March 2031, resulting in a one-year base contract and four-year option periods. REQUIREMENT: CLIN0001-4001: Tree Removal 10" DBH and below, Quantity: 30, Unit: Each CLIN0002-4002: Tree Removal 10.1" DBH to 18" DBH, Quantity: 40m Unit: Each CLIN0003-4003: Tree Removal 18.1" DBH to 26" DBH, Quantity: 40, Unit: Each CLIN0004-4004: Tree Removal 26.1" DBH to 32" DBH, Quantity: 40, Unit: Each CLIN0005-4005: Tree Removal 32.1" DBH and above, Quantity: 30, Unit: Each CLIN0006-4006: Stump Grinding, Quantity: 80, Unit: Each CLIN0007-4007: Tree Trimming/Pruning, Quantity: 400, Unit: Hours (Base PoP: 15 March 2026 – 14 March 2027; plus, four (4) option years) OBJECTIVE: To provide the timely removal of tree(s), grinding stumps, tree trimming/pruning, and debris removal/cleanup when notified by Contracting Officer (KO) or his/her designated representative. All scheduled services shall be in accordance with the associated PWS and applicable regulations. The Government requires a qualified contractor workforce responsible for completing these services. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Fort Jackson, South Carolina 29207 BASIS FOR AWARD: The award will be made on the basis of the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) Offer. The Contractor shall provide a technical solution to meet the period of performance to perform work providing all work in connection with the cutting, trimming/pruning, and removal of trees on Fort Jackson, SC conducted by trained, certified technicians who possess the knowledge, experience and skills pertinent to this requirement. See Section attached ADDENDUM TO CLAUSE 52.212-2 Evaluations. PROPOSAL SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: Provide a Tree Removal Services proposal with a tentative start date of March 15, 2026. Additionally, provide a brief synopsis describing your technical solution to augment and support this requirement to meet the required period of performance accordingly. The Plan should clearly demonstrate a complete understanding of the tasks necessary and should include proof of a certified technician workforce. Provide a cost estimate proposal that includes detailed costs associated with work. See Section attached ADDENDUM TO CLAUSE 52.212-1 Instructions. Proposal Preparation Instructions. Offeror’s proposal will consist of four (4) separate volumes: a. Volume 1 General b. Volume 2 Technical Approach (to include Capabilities Statement) c. Volume 3 Past performance information d. Volume 4 Cost/Price EVALUATION: The offeror’s technical proposal shall be evaluated on an Acceptable/Unacceptable basis. An offeror shall obtain an acceptable rating to continue in the competition. Offerors who rate unacceptable in Technical will be removed from further consideration for award. Past Performance will be evaluated on an Acceptable/Unacceptable basis. Price will be evaluated to determine reasonableness. See Section attached ADDENDUM TO CLAUSE 52.212-2 Evaluations. Factor 1 -Technical: The Technical factor evaluation provides an assessment of the offeror’s capability to satisfy the Government’s minimum requirements. The Technical factor has two elements. The Government will evaluate the technical experience and capability related to providing tree removal and disposal to Fort Jackson, SC. The following provides a general breakdown for evaluating the Technical Acceptability elements: Element 1: Technical Experience. Offerors shall provide detailed previous work experience (contracts) meeting the requirements of this solicitation. The Contractor shall include the following: i. Demonstrate that tree cutting and removal have been a part of your firm's business objective for the past three (3) years. ii. Listing of not more than five (5) complete or ongoing contracts within the previous (3) years that represent the Offeror’s work experience required on this solicitation. If more than five (5) contracts are submitted, only the first five (5) will be evaluated. Element 2: Technical Capability. The offeror shall demonstrate existing capability, licenses, and certifications necessary to demonstrate the work outlined in the PWS and the ability to possess sufficient equipment, personnel, and knowledge to execute the tasks of the PWS. The Technical Factor will receive one of the adjectival ratings defined below: RATING DEFINITION ACCEPTABLE Proposal meets the minimum requirements of the solicitation. UNACCEPTABLE Proposal does not meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. Factor 2: The Past Performance will receive one of the adjectival ratings defined below: RATING DEFINITION ACCEPTABLE Based on the offeror’s performance record, the Government has a reasonable expectation that the offeror will successfully perform the required effort, or the offeror’s performance record is unknown. UNACCEPTABLE Based on the offeror’s performance record, the Government does not have a reasonable expectation that the offeror will be able to successfully perform the required effort. NEUTRAL In the case of an offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available, the offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. In the context of acceptability/unacceptability, a "neutral" rating shall be considered "acceptable Factor 3 Cost/Price: The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all option periods. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the base year and option periods are significantly unbalanced. As part of price evaluation, the Government will evaluate its option to extend services (see FAR Clause 52.217-8) by adding one-half of the Offeror’s final option year prices to the Offeror’s total price. Thus, the Offeror’s total price for the purpose of evaluation will include the base year, option year 1, option year 2, option year 3, option year 4, and 1/2 of the 4th option year. Offerors are not required to enter a price for the six-month period. QUESTIONS DUE NLT 02:00 PM 28 January 2026. The responses (if there are any questions) will be posted within this solicitation announcement on 30 January 2026. PROPOSAL DUE: This amendment is issued to revise the Performance Work Statement (PWS) for the tree removal and vegetation management services at Fort Jackson, SC. Please see changes within the PWS. As a result of these changes, the proposal submission deadline is hereby extended to allow all potential offerors sufficient time to review the revised requirements and prepare their proposals accordingly. Proposals are now due Thursday, 26 February 2026 by 1:00PM. Quote MUST be good until for 60 days after the expiration of this solicitation notice For additional information, contact Contract Specialist by emailing Jon Chatman at jonathan.f.chatman.civ@army.mil and the Contracting Officer, Jason Fronden by emailing at jason.m.fronden.civ@army.mil. Interested parties should access https://sam.gov for solicitation, associated documents, and solicitation amendments. Contractors will not be directly notified of any postings, by contracting office personnel. All potential sources must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) sam.gov in order to conduct business with the government. Failure to obtain registration in SAM may delay the award of a contract or possible award to the next otherwise successful offeror who has met all of the requirements to conduct business with the Government at time of award. OFFER SUBMISSION: All offers should be submitted to the Contract Specialist by emailing Jon Chatman at jonathan.f.chatman.civ@army.mil and the Contracting Officer, Jason Fronden by email at jason.m.fronden.civ@army.mil; NLT 01:00 PM onThursday, 26 February 2026

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jason Fronden
  - Email: jason.m.fronden.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jonathan Chatman
  - Email: jonathan.f.chatman.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4f2b4a1ac1b040628faf27cdf9d0fded/view)