---
layout: default
title: SHIPPING AND STORAG
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: c127c0cdb2ab41c89191c9014a43872f
---

# SHIPPING AND STORAG

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 07:27:42.771-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRPA126RVA84

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| STOP-WORK ORDER (AUG 1989)|1|| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|TBD||TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD||||||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| LIMITATION OF LIABILITY--HIGH-VALUE ITEMS (FEB 1997)|1|| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM (FEB 2024)|1|| ROYALTY INFORMATION (APR 1984)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND 2025-O0004))|12|332439|500||||||||||| FACSIMILE PROPOSALS (OCT 1997)|1|| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, ANDENERGY PROGRAM USE (APR 2008))|2||X| This item requires engineering source approval by the design activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. If you have not manufactured this item before for DLA Aviation Philadelphia and want to become an approved source of supply, please contact the buyer to inquire about Source Approval Request procedures.For requests to access drawings, please contact the buyer through e-mail. 1. SCOPE

1.1 Articles to be furnished hereunder shall be manufactured, tested and inspected in accordance with ;Container Research Corporation; drawing number ( ;05259; ) ;530E001-501; , Revision ;Latest; and all details and specifications referenced therein.

1.2 Unless expressly provided for elsewhere in this clause, equipment such as fixtures, jigs, dies, patterns, mylars, special tooling, test equipment, or any other manufacturing aid required for the manufacture and/or testing of the subject item(s) will not be provided by the Government or any other source and is the sole responsibility of the contractor. The foregoing applies notwithstanding any reference to such equipment or the furnishing thereof that may be contained in any drawing or referenced specification.

1.3 The use of MIL-W-81381 wire in any item to be delivered under this procurement is prohibited. The foregoing prohibition applies notwithstanding any reference to MIL-W-81381 wire that may be made in any of the drawings or specifications for this procurement. SAE-AS22759 latest revision series wire shall be used inlieu of MIL-W-81381 Wire.,In any place where MIL-W-81381 wire is cited in this procurement. Any questions concerning this requirement should be directed to the Procuring Contracting Officer.

1.4 If MIL-STD-454 is referenced in the drawings or in the specification, the contractor is expected to show compliance with latest revision level of IPC-J-STD-001 (CLASS 3) and IPC-A-610 (CLASS 3) standards.

1.5 PRE-AWARD / POST AWARD REQUIREMENTS: Due to the critical use of this item and its quality history, a pre-award survey and post-award conference may be required for all new manufacturers. For all previous sources, a post-award conference may be recommended.

1.6 Container shell material is ;Aluminum; .

1.7 When discrepancies exist between these requirements and those on current manufacturer's drawings, these requirements shall prevail.

1.8 When discrepancies exist between these requirements and those on current manufacturer's drawings,contact code ;BUYER ON PAGE 1; or code N241.10

1.9 Articles to be furnished hereunder shall be manufactured, tested and inspected in accordance with ;CONTAINER RESEARCH CORPORATION; drawing number ( ;05259; ) ;530E001; , Revision ;latest; and all details and specifications referenced therein.

1.10 Unless expressly provided for elsewhere in this clause, equipment such as fixtures, jigs, dies, patterns, mylars, special tooling, test equipment, or any other manufacturing aid required for the manufacture and/or testing of the subject item(s) will not be provided by the Government or any other source and is the sole responsibility of the contractor. The foregoing applies notwithstanding any reference to such equipment or the furnishing thereof that may be contained in any drawing or referenced specification.

1.11 If MIL-STD-454 is referenced in the drawings or in the specification, the contractor is expected to show compliance with IPC/EIAJ-STD-001C. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS DRAWING DATA=SPD 65E16-01 |78286| B| |A| | | | DRAWING DATA=15930 |08132| C| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=530E001-501 |05259| | |A| | | | DRAWING DATA=530E005 |05259| | |A| | | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Reference to Cadmium plating shall be deleted and the following substituted: "Finish shall be electrodeposited alkaline Zinc-Nickel Alloy in accordance with ASTM B 841 Class 1, Type B, Grade 3."

3.2 At faying surfaces, discontinuous welds, or other areas where atmospheric liquids may be retained by capillary action, the crevice shall be sealed using Sealing Compound MIL-S-81733 or equivalent. All containers must be affixed with a nameplate that includes a Unique Identification (UID) marking as referenced in the drawing package Drawing ;(80132) 15930; and IAW Mil-STD-130 latest revision. The contractor shall contact NAVICP code ;Buyer on Page One; or code 0771.10 for the alphanumeric sequential serial number group that makes up part of the UID. The UIDwill be included on the nameplate in data matrix format. Contact code ;BUYER ON PAGE 1; or code N241.10 to arrange for First Article Test location When a First Article is required, the contractor shall submit a paper copy of the drawings (size 11" X 17"), contracts and approved ECP's ECO's, deviations waivers, and modifications in the records recepticle or inside the container submitted for the First Article.

3.3 Welding and welder qualifications shall be in accordance with AWS D1.1 for steel, AWS D1.2 or MIL-W-22248,Class 4 for aluminum, AWS D1.3 for sheet steel and AWS D1.6 for stainless steel. Proper controls shall be used to prevent melt through or burn through. For aluminum, filler for welding 6061 alloy shall be 4043: filler for welding 5000 series alloys to themselves or to 6061 shall be 5356 or 5556. In addition,welding and weld inspection shall include: (1) Visual inspection shall include 5X (5power) magnification when a suspect condition is to be examined beyond the capability of normal vision. (2) Critical and major welds may be subjected to further non destructive testing (such as dye penetrant inspection)as prescribed by the buying activity. (3) Proper documentation shall be available for review by Government personnel.

3.4 WORK INSTRUCTIONS. Work instructions shall be posted at theoperator's work station giving procedures to control the welding process, i.e., filler material, weld size, electrical and gas characteristics, including flow rate.

3.5 MATERIALS AND MATERIALS CONTROL. The quality program shall assure that the materials used in fabrication or processing, i.e., base metals and weld filler material, be inspected and conform to the applicable physical, chemical and other technical requirements (supplier's certification is sufficient).

3.6 CONTROLS. Weld filler materials shall be clearly identified and segregated from each other both when in storage and at the work station. Work station environment shall be controlled to prevent conditions adverse to proper gas shielding.

3.7 CLEANING. Parts to be welded shall be cleaned to remove surface soils such as oils, waxes, grease, inks, etc. except that uninhibited alkaline solutions such as sodium hydroxide shall NOT be used.

3.8 DEOXIDIZING. The cleaned parts shall be chemically deoxidized NO MORE THAN 10 DAYS PRIOR TO WELDING to remove thick surface oxide films. (If the material or work is exposed to an outdoor environment, this time limit shall be reduced to a maximum of 3 days, to account for atmospheric effects.) Mechanical cleaning methods shall be applied just prior to the actual start of welding, to remove any reoxidation or residual thin oxide films. 3.8.1 CHEMICAL TREATMENT. An acid deoxidizing treatment shall be applied by either immersion or brushing/wiping. Deoxidizers acceptable for use shall include nitric acid, sulfuric chromic, phosphoric chromic, or equivalent solutions. Sodium hydroxide solutions shall not be used. Care shall be taken to assure 100% solution coverage of the area to be welded. To allow an adequately sized deoxidized area for good welding, the solution shall be applied to an area extending at least 2 inches from the weld site, or ending at any closer adjacent edge. 3.8.2 MECHANICAL MEANS. Immediately prior to welding, mechanical cleaning methods shall be applied to the weld areas previously chemically treated to assure removal of residual or reformed oxides, if any. Acceptable methods of mechanical cleaning include stainless steel wire brushing, scraping, filing, or sanding. However, abrasives containing iron and its oxides, steel wool and wire, and copper alloy based wire, which may become embedded with galvanically active metals and accelerate corrosion of aluminum alloys shall NOT be used. Mechanical methods shall be vigorous enough to adequately remove any residual oxide films, but gentle enough to avoid forming an excessively rough surface in the comparatively soft metal underneath. Welding and welder qualifications shall meet current AWS D1.2 standards. Additionally, cleaning preperations shall be in accordance with MIL-C-5541 and the cleaning paragraph located in the welding requirements section of the contract Each container shall be assigned a serial number, with the first on contract being "0001," then "0002," etc. If a nameplate drawing exists that establishes an acronym convention, the serial numbers will replace the "XXXX." If an acronym has not been explicitly defined, it may be omitted from the serial number line. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE This container does not require a leak test; container is a free breather.

4.1 The tests to be performed under the First Article approval clause (FAR 52.209-4) of the contract are listed below. 4.1.1 Dimensional test (special) ;to drawing (05259) 530E001-501 and subdrawings is applicable; 4.1.2 Requirements of: ;to drawing (05259) 530E001-501 and subdrawings is applicable; 4.1.3 Form: ;applies; 4.1.4 Fit: ;applies; 4.1.5 Function ;applies; 4.1.6 Compliance with drawing ( ;05259; ) ;530E001-501; , Revision ;latest; and specifications referenced therein.

4.2 In addition to the above tests, the First Article(s) to be delivered hereunder shall also be subjected to those tests which will demonstrate that the article(s) comply with contract requirements requirements.

4.3 The contractor shall be responsible for providing the necessary parts and repair of the First Article Sample(s) during testing.

4.4 The cost of the Government testing effort set forth in this solicitation is estimated to be $ ;$12,000; for the first article testing. This cost factor will be added, for solicitation purposes, to the price of all offerors for whom the government will require such testing.

4.5 Disposition of FAT samples 4.5.1 ;zero; Sample(s) shall not be returned to the contractor because they shall be destroyed during testing. 4.5.2 ;all; Unless otherwise provided for in the contract, sample(s) shall be returned to the contractor and may be considered as production items under the contract provided the sample(s) can be refurbished to ready for issue condition and provided the sample(s) have inspection approval from the cognizant DCMC QAR. Sample(s) may be shipped as production items only after all other units required under the contract have been produced and are ready for shipment. ;N/A; Sample(s) shall be returned to the contractor but shall not be considered as production due.

4.6 Test Sample Coating Instructions 4.6.1 Samples are to be unpainted. Corrosive areas are to be coated with a light preservative.

4.7 FAT Approval Criteria 4.7.1 FAR 52.209-4 applies (A) The contractors shall deliver ;one(1); ; unit(s) of the following CAGE ( ;05259; ; ) Part Number ;530E001-501; ; , Revision ;latest; ; within ;60; ; calendar days from the date of this contract to the Government at ;Contact Buyer On Page One for testing locationNaval PHS&T Center Department, Naval Weapons Station Earle 201 HWY 34 South, Colts Neck, NJ 07722-5023; ; Marking of test sample(s) shipping container shall be as follows, citing this contract number: "FOR FIRST ARTICLE TESTING. NOT RFI MATERIAL. DO NOT TAKE UP IN STOCK CONTRACT NUMBER:____________" For First Article Test, the shipping documentation shall contain this contract number and lot/item identification. The characteristics that the First Article must meet and the testing requirements are specified elsewhere in this contract. (B) Upon shipment of First Article sample(s), two (2) copies of the Material Inspection and Receiving Report (DD Form 250) bearing the QAR's signature and indication of preliminary inspection shall be forwarded to the NAVICP- Philadelphia code cited in Block 10.a of SF33, with duplicate copies to NAVICP code 072 and to the designated test facility. The envelopes shall be clearly marked: "DO NOT OPEN IN MAIL ROOM". Within ;60; ; days after receipt of the samples, the test site shall complete testing/evaluation and submit two (2) copies of their test report with conclusions and recommendations to the NAVICP code cited in Block 10.a of the SF33. (C) Within ;60; ; calendar days after the Government receives the First Article, the contracting officer shall notify the contractor, in writing, of the approval, conditional approval, or disapproval of the First Article. The notice of approval, conditional approval, or disapproval shall not relieve the contractor from complying with all requirements of the specifications and all other terms and conditions of this contract. A notice of conditional approval shall state any further action required of the contractor. A notice of disapproval shall cite reasons for disapproval. (D) If the First Article is disapproved, the contractor, upon Government request, shall submit an additional First Article for testing. After each request, the contractor shall make any necessary changes, modifications, or repairs to the First Article or select another First Article for testing. All costs related to these tests are to be borne by the contractor, including any and all costs for additional tests following a disapproval. The contractor shall furnish any additional First Article to the Government under the terms and conditions and within the time specified by the Government. The Government shall act on this First Article within the time limit specified in paragraph (B) above. The Government reserves the right to require an equitable adjustment of the contract price for any extension of the delivery schedule or for any additional costs to the Government related to these tests. (E) If the contractor fails to deliver any First Article on time, or the contracting officer disapproves any First Article, the contractor shall be deemed to have failed to make delivery within the meaning of the default clause of this contract (F) Unless otherwise provided in the contract, the contractor - (1) May deliver the approved First Article as part of the contract quantity, provided it meets all contract requirements for acceptance and was not consumed or destroyed in testing: and (2) Shall remove and dispose of any First Article from the Government test facility at the contractors expense. (G) If the Government does not act within the time specified in paragraph (B) or (C) above the contracting officer shall, upon timely written request from the contractor, equitably adjust under the changes clause of this contract the delivery or performance dates and/or the contract price, and any other contractual term affected by the delay. (H) The contractor is responsible for providing operating and maintenance instructions, spare parts support, and repair of the First Article during any First Article test. (I) Before First Article approval, the acquisition of materials or components for, or the commencement of production of, the balance of the contract quantity is at the sole risk of the contractor. Before First Article approval, the costs thereof shall not be allocable to this contract for (1) progress payments, or (2) termination settlements if the contract is terminated for the convenience of the Government (J) The contractor shall produce both the First Article and the production quantity at the same facility and shall submit a certification to this effect with each First Article. (K) The contractor shall provide specific written notification to the procuring contracting officer informing him/her of the shipment of any article(s) furnished in accordance with this clause. Such notification must be addressed to the attention of the NAVICP code specified in Block 10.a of the SF33, with copies to NAVICP code 072 and to the testing activity. Failure to provide such notification shall excuse the Government from any delay in performing First Article Testing and informing the contractor of the results thereof. (L) Fourteen (14) days prior to shipment of First Article Samples, the contractor shall notify the designated test facility in writing of the anticipated shipping date, with an information copy to the PCO, NAVICP Philadelphia, Attn: (Cite code found in Block 10.a of the SF33). The contractor shall also arrange for preliminary inspection of test samples by the DCMC/QAR.

4.8 Alternate Offers - Waiver of First Article Approval Requirements. (The following provisions supersede any waiver of First Article Approval Requirements terms set forth in clause 52.209-3 or 52.209-4 as appropriate) (A) Unless otherwise specified in the solicitation, the Naval Inventory Control Point reserves the right to waive the First Article Approval Requirements specified herein for offerors who have previously furnished identical production articles accepted by the Government or the Original Equipment Manufacturer/Prime Manufacturer. An offeror requesting waiver of First Article Requirements shall submit evidence with its offer establishing that: (I) the last production unit was delivered within three (3) years of the issue date of this solicitation, and (II) the production location to be used for this requirement is the same as used for the previous production run Additionally, the offeror shall submit a certification, to be executed by the officer or employee for the offer, stating that: (I) the articles to be provided will be produced using the same facilities, processes, sequences of operations and approved subcontractors as those previously delivered and accepted by the Government or the Original Equipment Manufacturer/Prime Manufacturer, and (II) the previous production units were manufactured without Material Review Board disposition or waiver/deviation request or rejection of pre-production samples for cause. (NOTE: This certification concerns a matter within the jurisdiction of an agency of the United States and the making of a false, fictitious, or fraudulent certification may render the maker subject to prosecution under Title 18, United States Code, Section 1001.) (B) Offerors requesting waiver of First Article Approval Requirements under the provisions of this clause are cautioned to submit two prices for articles required herein - one that is based on compliance with the First Article Approval Requirements and one that is based on a waiver of such requirements. Where an offeror submits only one price and fails to clearly state that the price is based on waiver of the First Article Approval Requirements it will be deemed to be based on compliance with the First Article Approval Requirements (C) In the event of the First Article Approval Requirement is granted, the delivery schedule for the production items shall be reduced by the number of days designated for delivery of First Article Test unit plus the number of calendar days indicated for the government notification of conditional approval or approval. These requirements are specified in the quality assurance section of this solicitation. If the offeror is unable to meet the desired schedule, he shall insert below the alternate delivery schedule he offers to the government. Offeror's Proposed Alternate Delivery Schedule (Based on Waiver of First Article Approval Requirements) Within Days: Item No. _______________ Quantity:_______ After Date of Contract:__________ ALL COSTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES RELATED TO THE FIRST ARTICLE TEST SUBMISSION CONTAINER SHIPMENT TO AND FROM THE FIRST ARTICLE TEST FACILITY ARE TO BE BORNE BY THE CONTRACTOR. Production drop test to be performed on 100% of production. Drop test to consist of 18 inch free fall drop without dummy load on to a concrete surface. Container to be inspected before and after drop test by local QAR(with consultation with NAVSUP WSS). Excessive damage will be cause for rejection (i.e more than 3 broken rivets). The government reserves the right to perform fit and function tests if deemed warranted. First Article Testing (FAT) performed by the designated test facility shall include: - A visual and dimensional inspection performed in accordance with drawing package (05259) 530E001. - Initial Leak Test: An air pressure fitting shall be installed in place ofOne of the container's inspection ports. The container shall be pressurized to1.00 +/- 0.05 psig. Allow the container to stabilize for 30 minutes. After the stabilization period, the pressure shall be monitored for 30 minute. Any pressure loss in excess of 0.05 psi shall be cause for rejection. - 18-inch Free Fall Drop Test: The loaded container shall be raised to aHeight of 18 inches in a horizontal attitude. It shall be released from a drophook, free falling flat on the base to an unyielding surface. Any crackedwelds, deformation, or damage to the container shall be cause for rejection. - Final Leak Test: This test to be performed in the same manner as previouslydescribed in "Initial leak Test" paragraph above. - Form and Fit Check (actual item): The end-item shall be placed in the container using the installation instructions provided. Any inadequacies, fit issues or interferences shall be noted and recorded. The government is responsible to provide an item to perform the form and fit test. An item maybe shipped to the FAT facility location or, if the end-item cannot be moved,the FAT container may be shipped to an external location. (NIIN:01-242-9681) or equivalent (F condition is preferred) to the assigned First Article Test site upon request from N241 Engineering in order tocomplete First Article Testing in accordance with the terms of this contract.If item is unable to be sent to the test site, the container may be sent toitem location with proper coordination. NAVSUP Supply Planner should contactNAVSUP WSS N241 Engineering for test site Point of Contact. 4.9 100% PRODUCTION LEAK TEST. Each container, uninstrumented and without dummy load, shall be raised to a height of 18 inches and allowed to fall freely to a concrete or similarly hard surface, landing flat on its base. The container shall then be prepared for testing by sealing all breathing devices and inserting suitable pressurized fittings and gauges. The container shall be closed and sealed in a normal manner. The pneumatic-pressure technique of method 5009 of Federal Test Method Standard No. 101C shall be used to detect leakage. An initial pressure setting equal to 1.0 + 0.1 - 0 PSIG shall be used. After stabilization, pressure shall be monitored for thirty minutes. Any loss in pressure in excess of

0.05 PSIG (adjusted for changes in temperature and barometric pressure) shall be cause for rejection. WARNING Container may explode or fasteners may fail during test. Use protective barriers to avoid injury to personnel. 5. PACKAGING- MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES - NOT APPLICABLE

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2157370543
  - Email: CASEY.STOCK@DLA.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c127c0cdb2ab41c89191c9014a43872f/view)