---
layout: default
title: 4110--VA Tucson Pharmacy Refrigerators and Freezers
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 765ac08c1ea6416294bd492370b62a60
---

# 4110--VA Tucson Pharmacy Refrigerators and Freezers

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-11 12:20:31.517-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0420
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) / SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION. SUBMISSION OF INFORMATION ABOUT PRICING, DELIVERY, THE MARKET, AND CAPABILITIES IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI FOR PLANNING PURPOSES IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SOURCES SOUGHT/RFI DESCRIPTION This is NOT a solicitation announcement. This is a Sources Sought Notice / RFI only. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice / RFI is to gain information about potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 333415 (size standard of 1,250 Employees). Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI will be used by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After review of the responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI, further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcements may be published. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking sources capable of providing pharmacy refrigerators equivalent to brand Helmer Scientific. CLIN DESCRIPTION QTY UOM 0001 Follett Refrigerator Model# REF20i-4S-R0000G or equal 1 EA 0002 Follett Refrigerator Model# REF20i-4S-R0000S or equal 1 EA 0003 Follett Refrigerator Model# FZR25i-4S-RHT00S or equal 2 EA 0004 Follett Refrigerator Model# REF5P-0R-00-00 or equal 1 EA 0005 Follett Refrigerator Model# REF5P-0R-KP-00 or equal 1 EA SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS CLIN 0001 Follett Refrigerator Model# REF20i-4S-R0000G or equal Quantity: 1EA Refrigerators must be medical grade with controlled temperatures. Must be an upright style refrigerator. Must be able to display temperature in Celsius or Fahrenheit. Must have a touchscreen with user interface that is password protected and provides advanced monitoring and information to ensure protection of stored product. Must have audible and visual alarms that include: power failure, high and low temperature alarms, door ajar, condenser temperature, and low battery alerts. Must have integral data as well as data logging via USB or other removable media to keep for performance records. Sound level must not exceed 40 dBA to avoid noise pollution in hospital environment. Must have at least/minimum of 19.7 cubic feet capacity to be able to hold a sufficient amount of pharmacy medications. Must have a minimum of 4 epoxy-coated shelves for durable and resistant shelving. Must be certified to NSF/ANSI 456 Vaccine Storage Standard. Must ENERGY STAR® certified for efficient energy use. Must have a modular refrigeration system with a variable capacity compressor and microprocessor controller to control stable and consistent temperature throughout each cabinet with minimal fluctuation of ±1 C (1.8 F) temperature. Must have a minimum of one right-hinged glass door with ADA compliant full-length handle. Must come with a seismic anchoring for safety and to resist the forces exerted by earthquakes. Must have a front-face turn air circulation to maintain consistent internal temperatures, reducing moisture buildup and promotion content preservation CLIN 0002 Follett Refrigerator Model# REF20i-4S-R0000S or equal -Quantity: 1EA Refrigerators must be medical grade with controlled temperatures. Must be an upright style refrigerator. Must be able to display temperature in Celsius or Fahrenheit. Must have a touchscreen with user interface that is password protected and provides advanced monitoring and information to ensure protection of stored product. Must have audible and visual alarms that include: power failure, high and low temperature alarms, door ajar, condenser temperature, and low battery alerts. Must have Vaccines for Children (VFC)-compliant freestanding touchscreen display data logger with Wi-Fi and Ethernet capability, while also having integral data as well as data logging downloadable via USB or other removable media to keep for performance records. Sound level must not exceed 40 dBA to avoid noise pollution in hospital environment. Must have at least/minimum of 19.7 cubic feet capacity to be able to hold a sufficient amount of pharmacy medications. Must have a minimum of 4 epoxy-coated shelves for durable and resistant shelving. Must be certified to NSF/ANSI 456 Vaccine Storage Standard. Must ENERGY STAR® certified for efficient energy use. Must have a modular refrigeration system with a variable capacity compressor and microprocessor controller to control stable and consistent temperature throughout each cabinet with minimal fluctuation of ±1 C (1.8 F) temperature. Must have a minimum of one right-hinged stainless-steel door with ADA compliant full-length handle. Must come with a seismic anchoring for safety and to resist the forces exerted by earthquakes. Must have a front-face turn air circulation to maintain consistent internal temperatures, reducing moisture buildup and promotion content preservation Must have ambient temperature and humidity sensor for use. CLIN 0003 Follett Refrigerator Model# FZR25i-4S-RHT00S or equal -Quantity: 2EA Must be a medical grade freezer. Must have energy-efficient LED lights necessary for energy efficiency and maintaining a cooler temperature. Must have stainless steel cabinet to provide precise temperature control, providing high corrosion resistance, and hygiene, making for safe and cost-effective operations in hospitals. Must ENERGY STAR® certified for efficient energy use. CLIN 0004 Follett Refrigerator Model# REF5P-0R-00-00 or equal -Quantity: 1EA Refrigerators must be medical grade with controlled temperatures. Must be an undercounter refrigerator that can fit below standard countertops. Must come with standard solid stainless-steel door. Must not have a keypad. CLIN 0005 Follett Refrigerator Model# REF5P-0R-KP-00 or equal -Quantity: 1EA Refrigerators must be medical grade with controlled temperatures. Must be an undercounter refrigerator that can fit below standard countertops. Must come with standard solid stainless-steel door. Must have a keypad The list of pharmacy refrigerator and freezer characteristics is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive, of the supplies/services that are required. If your company is interested and capable of providing the required supplies/services, please provide the information indicated below. Incomplete responses to the questions below this notice will not be accepted. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Submit your capabilities statement illustrating how your organization can/cannot meet the SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS. For instances where your company cannot meet the SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS, please explain. For instances where your company can meet the SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS requirement(s), please show how your company meets/exceeds each requirement. (2) Please review the SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS and provide any additional feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (3) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. (4) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified in this RFI? (5) Are you the manufacturer, authorized distributor, and/or can your company provide a solution to the required supplies/services described in the list of SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS? (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated/authorized distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified. (8) Limitations on Subcontracting: How does your business ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting as outlined in 13 CFR § 125.6? (9) Are the items you are identifying/providing considered Commercial of the Shelf (COTS) items as defined in FAR Part 2.101 under commercial items? (10) Non-Manufacturer Rule: If applicable, can you confirm your business complies with the Non-Manufacturer rule? Specifically, does your company: Provide a product from a small business manufacturer or processor? Not exceed 500 employees? Primarily engage in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sell the type of item being supplied? Take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? (11) Please indicate whether your product conforms to the requirements of the Buy American Act? (12) What is your lead time to deliver a single unit with all components? Is there scale in lead time with greater quantities? Please elaborate. (13) What is estimated life span of your solution? What support/services does that entail? (14) Does your proposed equipment have FDA clearance? Please specify what FDA clearance(s) have been obtained. (15) Does your organization offer a leasing solution? Please elaborate. (16) Does your company have a Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract? If so, please provide the contract number(s). (17) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC/SAC/BPA/NASA SEWP or any other Federal Government contract holder, are all the items/solutions you are providing information about available on your schedule/contract? Please state if all or some items are available on the contract. (18) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate for any type of award. (19) Please provide your SAM.gov Unique Entity ID/Cage Code number. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email to Melissa.Ramirez8@va.gov. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Wednesday, March 18th, 2026 by 10:00 AM Pacific Local Time. All responses to this Sources Sought/RFI will be used for planning purposes only. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice / RFI are not considered a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. If further RFIs and/or a solicitation or other announcement is issued as a result of the information provided from this RFI, all interested parties must respond to the specific posting separately IAW the specifications of that announcement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Melissa Ramirez
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Melissa.Ramirez8@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/765ac08c1ea6416294bd492370b62a60/view)