---
layout: default
title: Criminal Indicators and Concealment Recognition Training
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 69aebda41d2c4500b5fa08eef4401ea4
---

# Criminal Indicators and Concealment Recognition Training

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 08:36:15.927-04
- Solicitation Number: 20157678

## Summary

Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation Quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Purchase Request number 20157678 is issued as a Request for Quotes (RFQ). This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The Department of Homeland Security (DHS), U.S. Border Patrol (USBP), Yuma Border Patrol Station requires specialized Criminal Indicators and Concealment Recognition training to improve detection of smuggling behaviors and hidden compartments, enhance safety and legal compliance, and increase successful interdictions tied to forfeiture outcomes. CONTRACT CLAUSES Any applicable updates to the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) made pursuant to the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) and subsequently adopted by the Department of Homeland Security via Class Deviation, shall be deemed adopted and included in this contract without adjustment to price. See FAR Overhaul - FAR Part DEVIATION Guidance | Acquisition.GOV. Any clauses contained in this contract that have already been, or are later, updated in the RFO and adopted by DHS shall be considered to be amended to mirror the most up to date FAR RFO language. In compliance with Executive Order 14173, “Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity,” dated January 21, 2025, the contractor agrees that its compliance in all respects with applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws is material to the government’s payment decisions for purposes of section 3729(b)(4) of title 31, United States Code; and, by virtue of submitting a quote/offer, the contractor certifies that it does not operate any programs promoting DEI that violate any applicable Federal anti-discrimination laws. No requirement in this contract should conflict or contravene Executive Order “Unleashing American Energy” dated January 20, 2025. To the extent any requirement may conflict or contravene that Executive Order, the requirement is deemed inapplicable to this contract. This would include requirements related to “climate-related risk management and/or greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions inventory and/or reduction target disclosure requirements.” The Contractor should consult with the Contracting Officer on any such requirement they determine is inconsistent with the Executive Order, and work on proposed modifications to comply with the EO and statutory requirements. *Please note that all DHS FAR DEVIATIONS for the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) are in effect. See FAR Overhaul - FAR Part DEVIATION Guidance | Acquisition.GOV. CBP reserves the right to unilaterally modify this solicitation to incorporate additional DEVIATIONS arising from the RFO. As such, quoters should become familiar with those DEVIATIONS prior to entering into this contract. Acceptance of this contract is acceptance of unliteral modifications by the Government to incorporate any RFO deviation. 52.252-2 CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) 52.204-19 INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE OF REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEC 2014) 52.222-40 NOTIFICATION OF EMPLOYEE RIGHTS UNDER THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS ACT (DEC 2010) 52.222-50 COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS (NOV 2021) 52.232-39 UNENFORCEABILITY OF UNAUTHORIZED OBLIGATIONS (JUN 2013) 52.232-40 PROVIDING ACCELERATED PAYMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTORS (MAR 2023) 52.252-6 AUTHORIZED DEVIATIONS IN CLAUSES (NOV 2020) 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (NOV 2023) 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (OCT 2025)(Deviation 26-03)(effective November 28, 2025) 52.219-28, Post award Small Business Program Representation (OCT 2025)(Deviation 26-03)(effective November 28, 2025) 52.222-3, Convict Labor (JUN 2003) (E.O. 11755). 52.222-19, Child Labor--Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (OCT 2025)(Deviation 26-10)(effective November 3, 2025) 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (OCT 2025)(Deviation 26-10)(effective November 3, 2025) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (NOV 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (OCT 2018) (31 U.S.C. 3332). 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (AUG 2018) 52.222-44, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards 3052.212-70 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO DHS ACQUISITION OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS (JUL 2023) 3052.204-71 Contractor Employee Access. 3052.205-70 Advertisement, Publicizing Awards, and Releases. 52.204-13 SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT MAINTENANCE (AUG 2025)(DEVIATION 25-19) 52.212-4 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS–COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS and COMMERCIAL SERVICES (AUG 2025) (DEVIATION 25-21) 52.222-55, MINIMUM WAGES FOR CONTRACTOR WORKERS UNDER EXECUTIVE ORDER 14026 (OCT 2023)(DEVIATION 24-02) 52.240-91 SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (AUG 2025) (DEVIATION 25-23) CONTRACT TYPE (OCT 2008) - This is a firm-fixed-price contract. SOLICITATION PROVISIONS 52.252-1 SOLICITATION PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE (FEB 1998) 52.250-2 SAFETY ACT COVERAGE NOT APPLICABLE (FEB 2009) 52.209-7 INFORMATION REGARDING RESPONSIBILITY MATTERS (NOV 2025)(Deviation 25-27)(effective November 28, 2025) 52.252-5 AUTHORIZED DEVIATIONS IN PROVISIONS (NOV 2020) 52.204-7, SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (AUG 2025) (DEVIATION 25-19) 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS to OFFERORS–COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS and COMMERCIAL SERVICES (AUG 2025) (DEVIATION 25-21) 52.212-2 EVALUATION – COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS and COMMERCIAL SERVICES (AUG 2025) (DEVIATION 25-21) 52.240-90 SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (AUG 2025) (DEVIATION 25-23) AGENCY LEVEL PROTEST NOTICE (APR 2003) Offerors are notified that per RFO 33.104-1, an independent review of the grounds for a protest is available at a level above the contracting officer as an alternative to the protest to the agency contracting officer, not as an additional appeal after the protest to the agency contracting officer has been resolved. A choice to protest to the agency contracting officer therefore relieves the U.S. Customs & Border Protection of any further internal review or appeal after the contracting officer's decision. [End of Provision] Addendum to 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services. QUOTE DUE DATE: Submission shall be received no later than April 17, 2026, 2:00PM ET, to david.d.williamson@cbp.dhs.gov. No phone inquiries will be accepted. Late submissions may not be accepted. Potential quoters may submit questions in writing regarding the Statement of Work (SOW) and the terms and conditions of this solicitation via email. All questions shall be received no later than (NLT) 2:00PM ET, April 14, 2026. QUOTE PREPARATION: The quote shall be sent to: Doug Williamson, david.d.williamson@cbp.dhs.gov (Shall contain the PR number for identification purposes). The quote shall be prepared in such a manner as to enable the Government reviewers to make a thorough evaluation and arrive at a sound determination, without holding discussions, of whether the quote meets all technical requirements outlined in the Statement of Work (SOW). The Technical quote should be sufficiently specific, detailed, and complete as to clearly and fully demonstrate that the quoter has a thorough understanding of the requirements set forth in the solicitation. Price: Complete Table 1 – Price. Quoters shall provide all costs associated with the training in their quote. Table 1 – Price Item - 3 Day Criminal Interdiction Workshop (Hands On) 1 Week Addendum to 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services. Basis for Award. Evaluations shall be conducted in accordance with RFO Part 12. The Government anticipates making an award resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Quoter whose quote conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government and is the Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable (LPTA). The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotes: Technical (non-price) Price Technical capabilities will be evaluated by the technical evaluator. Pricing will be evaluated by the Contract Specialist (CS). TECHNICAL (EVALUATION) TECHNICAL EVALUATION SCORING (Pass, Fail) Pass – Quote clearly meets the minimum requirement of the solicitation. Fail – Quote does not clearly meet the minimum requirements of the solicitation. PRICE (EVALUATION) The total price from Table 1 - Price shall be evaluated by the Government for price reasonableness. Separately from the technical evaluation, the Government shall conduct a price evaluation of the price Quote using the quoter’s Table 1 – Price. EVALUATION PROCESS The CS will receive all quotes and review them for compliance according to the instructions listed in the Solicitation. The CS will then perform a price evaluation. After the price evaluation, the CS will notify the Technical Evaluator (TE) which is the lowest priced quote. The TE will conduct a pass/fail evaluation to determine whether the quote meets the requirements of the SOW. If the lowest priced quote is deemed technically unacceptable, the next lowest priced quote will be evaluated by the TE until the LPTA quote is reached.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David Williamson
  - Email: david.d.williamson@cbp.dhs.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/69aebda41d2c4500b5fa08eef4401ea4/view)