---
layout: default
title: Enterprise General Construction MATOC (RFI 2)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 97374044703e499e96d3c73d3b24787a
---

# Enterprise General Construction MATOC (RFI 2)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-11 11:06:23.318-04
- Solicitation Number: FA664326_0002-1

## Summary

CONTRACTING OFFICE ADDRESS Department of the Air Force, Headquarters (HQ) Air Force Reserves Command (AFRC)/PK, Robins Air Force Base – 741 Lakeside Dr, Warner Robins, Georgia 31098. POINT OF CONTACT Submit Responses to: Ms. Biannica Glay at biannica.glay@us.af.mil, AND Mr. Craig Keelen at craig.keelen@us.af.mil All responses shall be submitted no later than Tuesday, 24 March 2026 by 2:00 pm EST. REQUIREMENT DESCRIPTION This is a Request for Information (RFI), NOT a Request for Quote (RFQ) or Request for Proposal (RFP). This RFI will be utilized for market research purposes ONLY, in order to assist with the planning and potential procurement of a Multiple Award Task Order Contract (MATOC) for general construction projects across the continental United States. The information provided in the RFI is subject to change and is not binding on the Government. Responses to these notices are not offers and cannot/will not be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. All submissions become Government property and will not be returned. An in-depth requirement description may be found in Attachment 1 – Draft Performance Work Statement – AFRC Enterprise MATOC. Please note, this is a “draft” performance work statement (PWS) and is subject to change throughout acquisition planning. DRAFT SCOPE General Scope: The overall scope includes the execution of general construction projects, which may involve new construction, alteration, renovation, demolition, and repair of real property and infrastructure. Potential Types of Work: The following list is representative of the types of work that may be ordered under this contract but is not exhaustive. The Government reserves the right to order other construction services not explicitly listed that fall within the general scope of this PWS. Facility Repair and Renovation: Interior and exterior alterations, including, but not limited to, carpentry, drywall installation and finishing, flooring systems (carpet, tile, resilient), painting, furnishing installation, and millwork. Roofing Systems: Repair, replacement, and maintenance of various low-slope and steep-slope roofing systems, including built-up roofing (BUR), modified bitumen, single-ply (TPO, EPDM), and standing seam metal roofs. Includes all associated flashing, insulation, and drainage components. Mechanical Systems: Repair and replacement-in-kind of Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning (HVAC) components and systems, including package units, split systems, chillers, boilers, ductwork, and associated controls, based on Government-provided specifications. Electrical and Plumbing Systems: Upgrades, repair, and maintenance of interior and exterior systems. Includes power distribution, panelboards, lighting, low-voltage systems (fire alarm, communications), interior plumbing, fixtures, and utility connections. Painting and Coatings: Application of interior and exterior paints and high-performance industrial coatings on various substrates, including surface preparation in accordance with specifications. Horizontal Construction: Paving, repair, and maintenance of asphalt and concrete roads, parking lots, and sidewalks. Includes pavement markings, striping, and related site appurtenances. Airfield Maintenance: Specialized airfield work to include runway and taxiway rubber removal, spall repair, joint sealing, and minor pavement repairs. Site Work and Demolition: Includes excavation, grading, storm drainage systems, utility trenching, and demolition of facilities and structures. PRIMARY PERFORMANCE LOCATIONS Grissom Air Reserve Base, Indiana March Air Reserve Base, California Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station, New York Pittsburgh Air Reserve Station, Pennsylvania Westover Air Reserve Base, Massachusetts Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Ft Worth, Texas Homestead Air Reserve Base, Florida Dobbins Air Reserve Base, Georgia Robins Air Force Base, Georgia Minneapolis St Paul Air Reserve Station, Minnesota Youngstown Air Reserve Station, Ohio PURPOSE The purpose of this notice is to conduct additional market research for a known agency requirement. The Government has completed its initial market research based on the responses to our first RFI regarding this requirement. That feedback provided invaluable support in shaping our proposed acquisition strategy. The purpose of this second, more focused RFI is to present our proposed strategy back to industry for final comment and validation before we proceed with drafting the solicitation. This is a crucial final step to ensure the resulting contract is effective, efficient, and structured for robust competition. The information gathered will be used to refine the scope, structure, and terms of a potential future solicitation. The Contracting Officer may host one-on-one meetings with any or all potential offerors who provide an adequate response to the RFI/SS, without further public notice. NAICS CODE Tentative North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) Code is 236220 – Commercial and Industrial Building Construction. Please NOTE: this is a tentative NAICS Code and may be subject to change as a result of additional market research. ANTICIPATED CONTRACT TYPE/PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The Government anticipates awarding one or more Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contracts. The resultant contracts will have a continuous five-year ordering period. Individual task orders issued will be Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) and will contain their own unique Period of Performance. Throughout the ordering period, the Government will monitor contractor performance via mechanisms such as Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS). The Government may also include provisions for on-ramping new contractors or off-ramping existing contractors to ensure a robust, competitive, and high-performing industrial base. The solicitation may also include FAR Clause 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract, for a potential six-month extension to the ordering period PROJECTED CONTRACT AWARD DATE TBD – FY27 PROJECTED VALUE $600M+ INFORMATION REQUESTED All interested vendors must submit their responses by completing the 16-question survey at the following link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/G9YwyMPnTT A complete and sufficient response to all questions is mandatory. The Contracting Officer will deem submissions with incomplete or insufficient answers unacceptable. Please be advised that a capabilities statement or brief is not requested and should not be submitted. Only responses provided through the official Microsoft Forms link will be considered. The Contracting Officer will review and consider all responses and/or questions received. However, the Contracting Officer is not required to implement any of the feedback and/or suggestions received. The Contracting Officer will not provide a written and/or verbal response to any questions received.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Biannica Glay
  - Email: biannica.glay@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Craig Keelen
  - Email: craig.keelen@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Draft Performance Work Statement – AFRC Enterprise MATOC. Please note, this is a “draft” performance work statement (PWS) and is subject to change throughout acquisition planning. DRAFT SCOPE General Scope: The overall scope includes the execution of general construction projects, which may involve new construction, alteration, renovation, demolition, and repair of real property and infrastructure. Potential Types of Work: The following list is representative of the types of work that may be ordered under this contract but is not exhaustive. The Government reserves the right to order other construction services not explicitly listed that fall within the general scope of this PWS. Facility Repair and Renovation: Interior and exterior alterations, including, but not limited to, carpentry, drywall installation and finishing, flooring systems (carpet, tile, resilient), painting, furnishing installation, and millwork. Roofing Systems: Repair, replacement, and maintenance of various low-slope and steep-slope roofing systems, including built-up roofing (BUR), modified bitumen, single-ply (TPO, EPDM), and standing seam metal roofs. Includes all associated flashing, insulation, and drainage components. Mechanical Systems: Repair and replacement-in-kind of Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning (HVAC) components and systems, including package units, split systems, chillers, boilers, ductwork, and associated controls, based on Government-provided specifications. Electrical and Plumbing Systems: Upgrades, repair, and maintenance of interior and exterior systems. Includes power distribution, panelboards, lighting, low-voltage systems (fire alarm, communications), interior plumbing, fixtures, and utility connections. Painting and Coatings: Application of interior and exterior paints and high-performance industrial coatings on various substrates, including surface preparation in accordance with specifications. Horizontal Construction: Paving, repair, and maintenance of asphalt and concrete roads, parking lots, and sidewalks. Includes pavement markings, striping, and related site appurtenances. Airfield Maintenance: Specialized airfield work to include runway and taxiway rubber removal, spall repair, joint sealing, and minor pavement repairs. Site Work and Demolition: Includes excavation, grading, storm drainage systems, utility trenching, and demolition of facilities and structures. PRIMARY PERFORMANCE LOCATIONS Grissom Air Reserve Base, Indiana March Air Reserve Base, California Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station, New York Pittsburgh Air Reserve Station, Pennsylvania Westover Air Reserve Base, Massachusetts Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Ft Worth, Texas Homestead Air Reserve Base, Florida Dobbins Air Reserve Base, Georgia Robins Air Force Base, Georgia Minneapolis St Paul Air Reserve Station, Minnesota Youngstown Air Reserve Station, Ohio PURPOSE The purpose of this notice is to conduct additional market research for a known agency requirement. The Government has completed its initial market research based on the responses to our first RFI regarding this requirement. That feedback provided invaluable support in shaping our proposed acquisition strategy. The purpose of this second, more focused RFI is to present our proposed strategy back to industry for final comment and validation before we proceed with drafting the solicitation. This is a crucial final step to ensure the resulting contract is effective, efficient, and structured for robust competition. The information gathered will be used to refine the scope, structure, and terms of a potential future solicitation. The Contracting Officer may host one-on-one meetings with any or all potential offerors who provide an adequate response to the RFI/SS, without further public notice. NAICS CODE Tentative North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) Code is 236220 – Commercial and Industrial Building Construction. Please NOTE: this is a tentative NAICS Code and may be subject to change as a result of additional market research. ANTICIPATED CONTRACT TYPE/PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The Government anticipates awarding one or more Indefinite Delivery/Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) contracts. The resultant contracts will have a continuous five-year ordering period. Individual task orders issued will be Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) and will contain their own unique Period of Performance. Throughout the ordering period, the Government will monitor contractor performance via mechanisms such as Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System (CPARS). The Government may also include provisions for on-ramping new contractors or off-ramping existing contractors to ensure a robust, competitive, and high-performing industrial base. The solicitation may also include FAR Clause 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract, for a potential six-month extension to the ordering period PROJECTED CONTRACT AWARD DATE TBD – FY27 PROJECTED VALUE $600M+ INFORMATION REQUESTED All interested vendors must submit their responses by completing the 16-question survey at the following link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/G9YwyMPnTT A complete and sufficient response to all questions is mandatory. The Contracting Officer will deem submissions with incomplete or insufficient answers unacceptable. Please be advised that a capabilities statement or brief is not requested and should not be submitted. Only responses provided through the official Microsoft Forms link will be considered. The Contracting Officer will review and consider all responses and/or questions received. However, the Contracting Officer is not required to implement any of the feedback and/or suggestions received. The Contracting Officer will not provide a written and/or verbal response to any questions received

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/97374044703e499e96d3c73d3b24787a/view)