---
layout: default
title: Town of Naches Segment 7 and Yakima Left Bank Levee Repair
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: feff12ab611b4f89adb94e930786d195
---

# Town of Naches Segment 7 and Yakima Left Bank Levee Repair

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-20 16:58:37.911-04
- Solicitation Number: W912EF26RSS17

## Summary

1. BACKGROUND This sources-sought announcement is a tool to identify businesses with the capability to accomplish the work. This is not a solicitation. This notice neither constitutes a Request for Proposal, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach. It should not be construed as a commitment by the Government for any purpose. Responses to this Sources Sought notice will be used for market research purposes by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. Therefore, no contract award will result from this Sources Sought Notice. The United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Walla Walla District, is seeking interested business sources for a levee rehabilitation construction project entitled: Town of Naches Segment 7 and Yakima Authorized Left Bank Levee Repair. The levees are in two different locations and are part of a larger levee system on the Yakima River located near the Cities of Naches and Yakima in Yakima County, Washington. Levee information can be seen in the National Levee Database website: https://levees.sec.usace.army.mil/levees/5505000286 (Naches Segment 7) and https://levees.sec.usace.army.mil/levees/5505000021 (Yakima Left Bank). This will be a firm fixed price construction contract. North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this project is 237990 - Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction. The associated small business size is $45 million. Performance and Payment Bonds will be required. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice should include the following information: A list of current or past projects demonstrating technical experience with work of a similar nature to that listed in the Summary Scope of Work. For each project submitted, provide a brief narrative statement of the work involved, your firm's role in the project, performance period, the dollar value and the completion date. Include a statement detailing any special qualifications and certifications, applicable to the scope of this project, held by your firm and/or in-house personnel. If any of the experience is that of a subcontractor, please specify that information in your response. A reference list for each of the projects submitted in A) above. Include the name, title, phone number and email address for each reference. Provide a statement of your firm's business size (Large, HUBZone, Service Disabled Veteran Owned, 8(a), small disadvantaged, or woman-owned) with regards to the NAICS code listed above. Provide the percentage of work you (as the prime) intend to perform. If you intend to subcontract a major portion of the work (defined as at least 20% of the work), please include this information in your response. Provide a statement that your firm intends to submit a bid on the project when it is advertised. Provide a statement of your firm's bonding capacity. A statement from your surety is not required. CAGE Code and SAM.GOV Unique Entity ID. Companies or individuals interested in responding are invited to submit their information via email ONLY to Nathan Bruce at: nathan.i.bruce@usace.army.mil. All attachments must be provided in either Microsoft Word or Adobe Acrobat PDF format. Responses should be received by 2:00 p.m. PDT, 06 April 2026. PLEASE REFERENCE "SOURCES SOUGHT: Naches Segment 7 & Yakima Left Bank Levee Repair" IN THE SUBJECT LINE. Respondents will not be contacted regarding their submission or information gathered as a result of this sources sought notice. All responsible sources may respond to this notice and all responses will be considered. Telephonic responses will not be honored. 2. SUMMARY SCOPE OF WORK Naches Segment 7 Levee - The levee is located on the left bank of the Naches River, Yakima County, Washington, near the town of Naches. The levee segment has experienced erosion and loss of bank armoring on the riverward slope upstream of the S. Naches Road Bridge, as a result of a discrete flood event initiated on 11 December 2025. Damages to the levee segment itself consist of 500 feet of erosion of slope protection and the possible minor loss of embankment material. The levee was rated “Minimally Acceptable” in the last Continuing Eligibility Inspection (CEI) dated: 21 May 2025. The rest of the levee is in generally good condition with minor deficiencies noted by USACE inspectors. This levee protects residential homes, farms, and public infrastructure. The damaged area of the levee segment should be regraded, stabilized, and armored before the next flood season which can begin in the spring of this year. Yakima Authorized Left Bank Levee - The levee is located on the left bank of the Yakima River, Yakima County, Washington, near the city of Yakima. The levee segment has experienced erosion of a constructed berm along the toe of the levee at two locations. This berm was constructed as part of an ecosystem restoration project as a haul road for the construction of a side channel to the Yakima River. The new channel has been activated and flows a significant volume of water along the toe of the Federal levee that the system was never exposed to previously. The berm is severely damaged, but the levee appears to be intact. Damages to the levee segment itself consist of 500 feet of erosion of slope protection and the possible minor loss of embankment material. The damages were located on a bench riverward of the levee slope in two locations. One location near Stat 94+00 for about 100 lf and one location near Sta 90+00 for about 200 lf. The location near Sta 90+00 is in a berm that was constructed as part of the environmental restoration project and is considered sacrificial. No repair of the berm is required. The levee was rated “Minimally Acceptable” in the last Continuing Eligibility Inspection (CEI) dated: 21 May 2025. The rest of the levee is in generally good condition with minor deficiencies noted by USACE inspectors. This levee protects businesses, commercial properties, residential homes, and public infrastructure. The damaged area of the levee segment should be regraded, stabilized, and armored before the next flood season which can begin in the spring of this year. USACE expects to award a single contract to cover both locations in June 2026 with an expected in-water work window between mid-July and mid-October 2026. All on-site work shall be performed in accordance with the USACE Safety and Health Requirements Manual (EM 385-1-1). The Contractor will be responsible for establishing and managing an effective on-site Safety and Health program in accordance with EM 385-1-1 that will require the development and submission of a comprehensive project specific Accident Prevention Plan for Government acceptance. In addition, the Contractor will be required to develop and submit for Government acceptance an Activity Hazard Analyses, for each phase of work that complies with EM 385-1-1. A Site Safety and Health Officer (SSHO) employed by the prime contractor shall be required for each shift of the contractor's on-site operations. The SSHO shall possess a minimum of 3-years of experience in construction safety on similar projects and shall have completed the 30-Hour OSHA Construction Safety training within the last 5-years. A Certified Erosion and Sediment Control Lead employed by the prime contractor will choose and install erosion control materials for specific site conditions, as necessary. The Contractor will be required to use the Government-furnished Construction Contractor Module (referred to as QCS) of the Resident Management System (RMS) to record, maintain, and submit various information throughout the contract period. QCS is a Windows-based program that can be run on a stand-alone personal computer or on a network. The Government will make the QCS software available to the Contractor after contract award.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nathan Bruce
  - Email: nathan.i.bruce@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 5095277224

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/feff12ab611b4f89adb94e930786d195/view)