---
layout: default
title: 59--DISPLAY ASSEMBLY
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 0b38d4f5a2b54b5388f918fb68008db3
---

# 59--DISPLAY ASSEMBLY

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 04:02:45.955-05
- Solicitation Number: SPRMM126QHB05

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by fax, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as e-mail. The government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. IN ACCORDANCE WITH DFAR 217.7301, CONTRACTORS SHALL IDENTIFY THEIR SOURCES OF SUPPLY IN CONTRACTS FOR SUPPLIES. IF THE ITEM CURRENTLY BEING PROCURED IS A NON-VALUE ADDED ITEM, PLEASE PROVIDE: ACTUAL MANUFACTURER: CAGE CODE: ADDRESS: IF YOUR ORGANIZATION USES MORE THAN ONE CAGE CODE, PLEASE NOTE THE SPECIFIC CAGE CODE TO BE USED FOR THIS ORDER ON YOUR PRICE QUOTE. NOTE TO DISTRIBUTORS/DEALERS: IF YOU ARE A DISTRIBUTOR, YOUR QUOTATION MUST BE ACCOMPANIED WITH A LETTER FROM THE ACTUAL MANUFACTURER INDICATING THAT YOU ARE AN "AUTHORIZED" DISTRIBUTOR. IF YOU ARE A DEALER, YOUR QUOTATION MUST BE ACCOMPANIED WITH A STATEMENT CLEARLY IDENTIFYING YOUR FIRM AS A DEALER ALONG WITH THE OEM'S NAME/CAGE CODE AND P/N THAT YOU INTEND ON PROVIDING. CONTRACT DISTRIBUTION: It is recommended that vendors provide contact information to NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg in order to receive automated notifications from Navy Electronic Commerce Online (NECO) when contracts / modifications are issued by DLA Maritime Mechanicsburg and posted on EDA. To receive these notifications, contact: NAVSUP WSS Code 025, Procurement Systems Design and Contract Support Division via email at NAVSUPWSSITIMPHelpDesk@navy.mil. Please include the following information with your request: CAGE code, company name, address and POC; including phone number and e-mail address. Contractors can view their orders, contracts, and modifications at the Electronic Document Access (EDA) web tool. This web tool is located at the Wide Area Workflow (WAWF) website. It is recommended that contractors register for EDA at: https://wawf.eb.mil/. Click on New User and Registration. The following clauses are hereby included via reference: 52.204-27 252.225-7059 252.225-7060 \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the DISPLAY ASSEMBLY . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |K |000115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/J-STD-001 | | |B |960801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | |94 |940701|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9002 | | |94 |940701|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The DISPLAY ASSEMBLY furnished under this contract/purchase order shall be the design represented by Cage Code(s) reference number(s). Cage _______ ref. no. ;58022 575208; 3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130. 3.3 Interchangeability - Interchangeability of parts, subassemblies, and assemblies shall conform to the following criteria: Design tolerances - Design tolerances shall permit parts, subassemblies and assemblies to be used in their parent assemblies without regard to the source of supply or manufacturer. Parts, subassemblies and assemblies having the full range of dimensions and characteristics permitted by the specification governing the part, subassembly or assembly shall be usable as replacement items without selection and without departure from the specified performance guidelines of the parent items. Parts and materials - When permission is granted to use a nonstandard part or material because the exiting standard part or material is not available, the equipment shall be so designed that the nonstandard part or material and the standard part or material are interchangeable. When the specification for the part or material contains substitutability or supersession information, the design shall permit the substitute or superceding parts or materials to be used interchangeably. 3.4 Workmanship - Workmanship for electronic equipment shall conform to the following criteria: Cleaning - After fabrication, parts and assemblied equipment shall be cleaned of smudges, loose, spattered, or excess solder, weld metal, metal chips and mold release agents, or any other foreign material which might detract from the intended operation, function, or appearance of the equipment. Threaded parts or devices - Screws, nuts, and bolts shall show no cross threading, mutilation, or detrimental or hazardous burrs, and shall be firmly secured. Bearing Assemblies - Bearing assemblies shall be free of rust, discoloration, and imperfections of ground, honed, or lapped surfaces. Conta cting surfaces shall be free of tool marks, gauge marks, nicks, or other surface-type defects. There shall be no detrimental interference, binding, or galling. Wiring - Wires and cables shall be positioned or protected to avoid contact with rough or irregular surfaces and sharp edges and to avoid damage to conductors or adjacent parts. Shielding - Shielding on wires and cables shall be secured in a manner that will prevent it from contacting or shorting exposed current-carrying parts. The ends of the shielding or braid shall be secure to prevent fraying. Containment - The harness and cable containment means shall be neat in appearance and uniformly applied. The containment means (lacing, ties, tiedown straps) shall not cause the wire or cable insulation to deform so that performance characteristics are adversely affected. Insulation - There shall be no evidence of burns, abrading, or pinch marks in the insulation that could cause short circuits or leakage. Clearance - The clearance between wires or cables and heat generating parts shall be sufficient to minimize deterioration of the wires or cables. 3.5 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable. 3.6 Soldering - The requirements for soldered electrical and electronic assemblies shall conform to IPC J-STD-001, Class ;3; . 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements. 4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material. 4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 4.4 Visual, Dimensional, Mechanical Examination - Each DISPLAY ASSEMBLY shall be 100% inspected in accordance with ;CAGE 58022 DRAWING 575208; . 4.5 Electrical Performance Test - Each DISPLAY ASSEMBLY shall be 100% tested in accordance with ;CAGE 58022 DRAWING 575208; . 4.6 Inspection System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain an inspection/quality system acceptable to the Government. The inspection system requirements for this contract/purchase order shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208. Suppliers certified to perform under ISO 9001 or ISO 9002 are granted permission to utilize the one desired in lieu of MIL-I-45208. 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH. 6.2 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7175503158
  - Email: BRIAN.STEVENS@DLA.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. 2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |K |000115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/J-STD-001 | | |B |960801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | |94 |940701|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9002 | | |94 |940701|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The DISPLAY ASSEMBLY furnished under this contract/purchase order shall be the design represented by Cage Code(s) reference number(s). Cage _______ ref. no. ;58022 575208; 3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130. 3.3 Interchangeability - Interchangeability of parts, subassemblies, and assemblies shall conform to the following criteria: Design tolerances - Design tolerances shall permit parts, subassemblies and assemblies to be used in their parent assemblies without regard to the source of supply or manufacturer. Parts, subassemblies and assemblies having the full range of dimensions and characteristics permitted by the specification governing the part, subassembly or assembly shall be usable as replacement items without selection and without departure from the specified performance guidelines of the parent items. Parts and materials - When permission is granted to use a nonstandard part or material because the exiting standard part or material is not available, the equipment shall be so designed that the nonstandard part or material and the standard part or material are interchangeable. When the specification for the part or material contains substitutability or supersession information, the design shall permit the substitute or superceding parts or materials to be used interchangeably. 3.4 Workmanship - Workmanship for electronic equipment shall conform to the following criteria: Cleaning - After fabrication, parts and assemblied equipment shall be cleaned of smudges, loose, spattered, or excess solder, weld metal, metal chips and mold release agents, or any other foreign material which might detract from the intended operation, function, or appearance of the equipment. Threaded parts or devices - Screws, nuts, and bolts shall show no cross threading, mutilation, or detrimental or hazardous burrs, and shall be firmly secured. Bearing Assemblies - Bearing assemblies shall be free of rust, discoloration, and imperfections of ground, honed, or lapped surfaces. Conta cting surfaces shall be free of tool marks, gauge marks, nicks, or other surface-type defects. There shall be no detrimental interference, binding, or galling. Wiring - Wires and cables shall be positioned or protected to avoid contact with rough or irregular surfaces and sharp edges and to avoid damage to conductors or adjacent parts. Shielding - Shielding on wires and cables shall be secured in a manner that will prevent it from contacting or shorting exposed current-carrying parts. The ends of the shielding or braid shall be secure to prevent fraying. Containment - The harness and cable containment means shall be neat in appearance and uniformly applied. The containment means (lacing, ties, tiedown straps) shall not cause the wire or cable insulation to deform so that performance characteristics are adversely affected. Insulation - There shall be no evidence of burns, abrading, or pinch marks in the insulation that could cause short circuits or leakage. Clearance - The clearance between wires or cables and heat generating parts shall be sufficient to minimize deterioration of the wires or cables. 3.5 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer"s Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable. 3.6 Soldering - The requirements for soldered electrical and electronic assemblies shall conform to IPC J-STD-001, Class ;3; . 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements. 4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor"s overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material. 4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 4.4 Visual, Dimensional, Mechanical Examination - Each DISPLAY ASSEMBLY shall be 100% inspected in accordance with ;CAGE 58022 DRAWING 575208; . 4.5 Electrical Performance Test - Each DISPLAY ASSEMBLY shall be 100% tested in accordance with ;CAGE 58022 DRAWING 575208; . 4.6 Inspection System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain an inspection/quality system acceptable to the Government. The inspection system requirements for this contract/purchase order shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208. Suppliers certified to perform under ISO 9001 or ISO 9002 are granted permission to utilize the one desired in lieu of MIL-I-45208. 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH. 6.2 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0b38d4f5a2b54b5388f918fb68008db3/view