---
layout: default
title: PEVI - Generator Services
agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 6a629753a7ea4f3b9ff8886770d35b6d
---

# PEVI - Generator Services

- Agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 10:11:59.752-04
- Solicitation Number: 140P6026Q0012

## Summary

PEVI - Perry's Victory and International Peace Memorial - Generator Services - 140P6026Q0012 (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes, are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The National Park service is issuing this request for quote (RFQ) 140P6026Q0012, for the performance of annual preventative maintenance on all generators and transfer switches. All inspections, annual certification/preventive maintenance, and load bank testing must be performed in accordance with industry standard practice at Perry's Victory and International Peace Memorial, Put in Bay, Ohio. Work shall be completed in accordance with the provided Scope of Work (SOW). All responsible sources may submit a quote that shall be considered by the agency. The Solicitation Number is 140P6026Q0012 and is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) under Part 13 Simplified Acquisitions. (iii) The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06. The FAC is available at https://www.acquisition.gov/FAR. (iv) This requirement has been set aside as a Total Small Business set aside in accordance with FAR 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020), under NAICS Code 811310 - Commercial and Industrial Machinery and Equipment (except Automotive and Electronic) Repair and Maintenance with a small business size standard of $12.5 M. (v) Line items: 10: Base Year - PEVI - Generator Services 20: Option Year 1 - PEVI - Generator Services 30: Option Year 2 - PEVI - Generator Services 40: Option Year 3 - PEVI - Generator Services 50: Option Year 4 - PEVI - Generator Services (vi) The acquisition is for the generator services at Perry's Victory and International Peace Memorial. Product and services offered to the Government under this purchase shall meet or exceed the requested items in accordance with the attached scope of work (SOW). Interested Parties shall submit quotes to Adam Kircher via email at adam_kircher@ios.doi.gov. (vii) Date(s) and place(s) of delivery and acceptance and FOB point: Period of Performance: Base year: June 1, 2026 - May 31, 2027 Option year 1: June 1, 2027 - May 31, 2028 Option year 2: June 1, 2028 - May 31, 2029 Option year 3: June 1, 2029 - May 31, 2030 Option year 4: June 1, 2030 - May 31, 2031 Location: Perry's Victory and International Peace Memorial. Mailing address: NPS, MWR, Perrys Victory & IPM PO Box 549, 93 Delaware Ave, Put-in-Bay OH 43456. (viii) The provision 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial, applies to this acquisition (See ADDENDUM TO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS - COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (NOV 2021) in the terms and conditions) Any questions pertaining to this solicitation must be sent via email to adam_kircher@ios.doi.gov on or before March 25, 2026, at 11:00 AM CD. All questions will be answered in an Amendment to this solicitation and posted on or about March 27, 2026. (ix) 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: (i) Award will be made in accordance with FAR Part 13 to the offeror that provides the best value to the government based on price, technical, and prior experience. This solicitation is not stating nor required to state the relative importance assigned to each evaluation factor and/or sub factor (FAR 13.106-1(a)(2)). (b) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer's specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (x) Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation and others as applicable with its offer. (xi) The selected Offeror must comply with the following commercial item terms and conditions, which are incorporated herein by reference: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items; The full text of the referenced FAR clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/far/. Reference FAR 52.212-4, Paragraph (c) is hereby tailored as follows: FAR 52.212-4 (c) Changes. Changes in the terms and conditions of this contract may be made only by written agreement of the parties with the exception of administrative changes such as paying office, appropriation data, etc., which may be changed unilaterally by the Government. (xii) All Offerors must comply with the following commercial item terms and conditions, which are incorporated herein by reference: FAR 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Items, paragraph (a) and the following clauses in paragraph (b): 52.203-17, 52.204-10, 52.204-27, 52.204-28, 52.204-30,52.209-6, 52.219-6,52.219-28 52.222-3, 52.222-19, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-35, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.225-1, 52.225-3, 52.225-13, 52.226-8, 52.232-34, 52.240-1 and the following clauses in paragraph (c) 52.222-41, 52.222-42, 52.222-55, 52.222-62, The full text of the referenced FAR clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/far/. (xiii) The Contractor shall comply with the attached terms and conditions applicable to acquisitions of commercial items. Offerors are to see the complete solicitation package for full terms and conditions and attachments. Attachments included: 1. Scope of Work 2. SCA Wage Determination 3. Price schedule 4. SF-18 (Terms and Conditions) (xiv) N/A (xv) All offers must be submitted by the due date in order to be considered. Quotes are due on or before March 31, 2026, at 11:00 AM CD. Quotes shall be submitted electronically to adam_kircher@ios.doi.gov (xvi) Contract Administration Data Adam Kircher Contracting Officer DOI, National Park Service - Contracting Operation Central (ConOps-Central) Major Acquisition Buying Office - MWRO Phone: 402-800-8120 Email: adam_kircher@ios.doi.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kircher, Adam
  - Email: adam_kircher@nps.gov
  - Phone: 4026611606

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6a629753a7ea4f3b9ff8886770d35b6d/view)