---
layout: default
title: Design-Bid-Build (DBB) SOF Marine Raider Facilities Complex, Marine Corps Base (MCB) Camp Lejeune, North Carolina
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 2810a561e3864d7da67a610bbec8bc27
---

# Design-Bid-Build (DBB) SOF Marine Raider Facilities Complex, Marine Corps Base (MCB) Camp Lejeune, North Carolina

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-31 15:36:18.799-04
- Solicitation Number: N4008526R0138

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL OR INVITATION FOR BID. THERE WILL NOT BE A SOLICITATION, SPECIFICATIONS OR DRAWINGS AVAILABLE AT THIS TIME. The Naval Facilities Engineering Systems Command (NAVFAC), Mid-Atlantic is seeking eligible Small Businesses, HUBZone Small Businesses, Small Disadvantaged Businesses, Veteran-Owned Small Businesses, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses, and Women-Owned Small Businesses capable of performing construction services for: Design-Bid-Build (DBB) P-1550 SOF Marine Raider Battalion Company & Team Facilities located at the Marine Corps Base in Camp Lejeune in North Carolina. In addition, NAVFAC Mid-Atlantic is soliciting comments from the public addressing the potential use of Project Labor Agreements (PLA) for Design-Bid-Build (DBB) construction project to construct a facilities complex for Battalion Headquarters for the 2nd Marine Raider Battalion and subordinate companies located at Stone Bay at the Marine Corps Base (MCB) in Camp Lejeune, North Carolina. The public is invited to provide responses on the use of a PLA for this construction project utilizing the attached questionnaire. P1550 will construct a facilities complex for a Battalion Headquarters for the 2nd Marine Raider Battalion and subordinate companies at Stone Bay in Camp Lejeune, NC. The project scope includes construction of 6,815 SM (73,400 SF) SOF Marine Battalion Operations, Supply, Communications, and Intel facility; 11,812 SM (127,200 SF) Company HQ and Team Facilities; 1,635 SM (17,600 SF) Company Storage Buildings and miscellaneous supporting structures, utilities, parking, roadways, pedestrian ways/sidewalks, and site work. The structures will be single-story steel frame buildings with brick veneer over metal studs, standing seam metal roofs, metal soffits, and translucent wall panels. Special construction features include pile foundations, surcharged sites, wetlands mitigation, and storm water best management practices. The project also includes a telecommunications duct bank extension from the project site to the Stone Bay telecommunications exchange building RR134. The proposed route will include approximately 300 LF of directional boring beneath wetlands. All service-disabled veteran-owned small businesses (SDVOSB), veteran-owned small businesses (VOSB), certified HUB-Zone, certified 8(a), and women-owned small businesses (WOSB), and small businesses are encouraged to respond. Upon review of industry response to this Sources Sought Notice, the Government will determine whether a set-aside acquisition in lieu of full and open competition is in the Government’s best interest. The contract will include FAR clause 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (DEVIATION 2021-O0008), which states that “It will not pay more than 85 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor’s 85 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. It is requested that interested small businesses submit to the Contracting Officer a capabilities package, including the Sources Sought Contractor Information Form, Sources Sought Project Information Form and Sources Sought Project Matrix, provided as attachments to this notice. The Sources Sought Project Information Form and Sources Sought Project Matrix shall be used to document a minimum of two (2) and up to a maximum of five (5) relevant construction projects completed in the past ten (10) years that best demonstrate experience on projects that are similar in size, scope and complexity to the project described herein. A relevant project is further defined as: Size: Cumulative 50,000 SF or greater for multiple covered structures and a final construction cost of $50,000,000 or greater. Scope: New construction of multiple industrial building(s) and/or administrative building(s) simultaneously or sequentially on a campus style project site. Complexity: Each submitted project does not require demonstrated experience with all of the following components, but collectively, experience with all of the elements below must be established throughout the submitted relevant projects. Experience with new construction of at least one (1) industrial building; Experience with new construction of at least one (1) administrative building. Ensure that the project description clearly identifies whether the project is new construction or repair/renovation, addresses how the project meets the scope and complexity requirements as delineated above, and provides the final construction cost. Please note that if you are responding as an 8(a) Mentor-Protégé, you must indicate the percentage of work to be performed by the protégé. A copy of the SBA letter stating that your 8(a) Mentor-Protégé agreement has been approved would be required with your proposal, if requested. The appropriate Northern American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 236220 – Commercial and Institutional Building Construction, and the Small Business Size Standard is $45,000,000. In accordance with DFARS 236.204, the magnitude of construction for this project is between $100,000,000 and $250,000,000. This office anticipates award of a contract for these services by December 2026. THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. It is a market research tool being used to determine the availability and adequacy of potential small business sources prior to determining the method of acquisition and issuance of an award. Upon review of industry response to this sources sought notice, the Government will determine whether set-aside procurement in lieu of full and open competition is in the Government’s best interest. Large businesses should only submit a response to the PLA questionnaire. Large business capability submittals will not be considered. The Government is not obligated to and will not pay for any information received from potential sources as a result of this synopsis. The information provided in this notice is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for or award a contract. The Government will not provide debriefs on the results of this research, but feedback regarding the decision to set aside or not set aside the procurement will be accomplished via pre-solicitation synopsis or solicitation for these services, as applicable. All information submitted will be held in a confidential manner and will only be used for the purpose intended. Points of contact listed may be contacted for the purpose of verifying performance. The submission package shall be submitted electronically to Andy Bui via email at andy.h.bui.civ@us.navy.mil and MUST be limited to a 5Mb attachment. You are encouraged to request a read receipt or acknowledgement via reply email. RESPONSES ARE DUE NLT 14 APRIL 2026 at 2:00PM (EDT). LATE SUBMISSIONS WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Andy Bui
  - Email: andy.h.bui.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7573411652
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brittany Cristelli
  - Email: brittany.n.cristelli.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2810a561e3864d7da67a610bbec8bc27/view)