---
layout: default
title: FLANGE,PIPE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 477fa02d1983493da94299464709ba45
---

# FLANGE,PIPE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 06:57:14.344-05
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QFC15

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N743.25|WVP|771-229-1462|jordan.d.neely2.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| MARKINGS LEVEL I/SUBSAFE/DSS-SOC/TRIPER|5|||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|See specifications Section C and Section E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|X||X|||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|A| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Stand-Alone Receiving Report - Certifications; COMBO - Receiving Report & Invoice - Material |N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|N39040 - Certifications, S4306A - Material.|N50286|TBD|133.2|N/A|N/A|N39040 - Certifications.|N/A |N/A|See form DD1423|| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|One year from date of delivery.|365 DAYS||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| ALL OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS REMAIN UNCHANGED. \ 1.DD1423 Data Item A001 (Inspection and Test Plan) may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. 2. Portsmouth NSY's DODAAC has changed from N00102 to N50286. Any reference toN00102 within this order should be updated to N50286. 3. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed here in. 4. The following proposed delivery schedule applies: Submission of Certification Data CDRLs will be on or before 20 days prior to scheduled delivery. PNSY review/acceptance of Certification CDRLs 30 working days after receipt of Certification DD 1423 CDRLs. Final delivery of material will be on or before 365 days after effective date of the resulting contract. 5. Only those sources with an acceptable Quality Control Manual are eligible for award under this solicitation. Offerors are cautioned that this procurement will not be delayed solely for the purpose of approving additional sources. 6. Any contract awarded because of this solicitation will be a DO rated order certified for national defense use under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). 7.NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg will be considering past performance in the evaluation of offers in accordance with FAR 13.106(a)(2) and DFARS 252.213-7000. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. 2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. 2.2.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/ASQ Z1.4 | | | |080101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A182 | | | |240301|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-E381 | | | |200501|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM-A961 | | |B |241015|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASME-B16.5 | | |A |981026|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-2035 | | |A |950515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=0900-LP-001-7000 | | | |810101|C| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 | | |1 |191112|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 | | |1 |140911|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 (CHG A) | | | |130214|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Manufacture and Design - The item furnished under this contract/purchase order must meet the requirements as specified in ASME-B16.5, except as amplified or modified herein. ASME-B16.5 ordering data information is provided below. A. Size - ;1/2 INCH NPS; B. Diameter of Bore - ;Schedule 80; C. End connections - ;Socket Weld; D. Pressure Class - ;1500 PSI; E. Barstock flanges are not permitted. Plate material is permitted only within the constraints of ASME-B16.5. F. Material - ;ASTM-A182, Grade F11, Class 2 or 3; 3.2 Testing Certification - Certifications are required for the following tests on the items listed below. Additional testing (if any) per applicable specifications is still required, but certifications are only required as listed below. Test - ;Dye Penetrant Inspection or Magnetic Particle Inspection, (either is acceptable); Item - Each Item Performance - T9074-AS-GIB-010/271 Acceptance - Wrought: MIL-STD-2035 / Forgings: "Quality Statement For The Procurement Of Forgings) Test - Macroetch Test per ASTM-A961 Item - One flange per heat Performance - ASTM-E381, The entire cross section of the forging must be examined. Acceptance - The forging must be sound, uniform in quality, and must be free from piping, laminations, cracks, and other defects. There must be no evidence of cast dendritic structure. Test - Non-Destructive Tests Item - ;Weld Repair and/or Production Weld (as applicable); Performance - Per applicable fabrication specification Acceptance - Per applicable fabrication specification 3.3 Tolerances - The following tolerances apply to socket weld flanges up to and including two inches in size: DIMENSION.....................................TOLERANCES Outside diameter (o dimension)................+0.09" / -0.06" Bolt hole diameter............................+0.00" / -0.05" Length through hub (Y dimension)..............+1/16" / -1/16" Depth of socket (D dimension).................+0.10" / -0.0" 3.4 Heat Treat Requirements - Mechanical properties (via tension testing and hardness testing if hardness is required by the applicable material specification) are required for each heat in each heat treat charge for ASTM-A234, ASTM-A403, ASTM-A182, and ASTM-A105 material. 3.4.1 If heat treatment is performed in continuous-type furnaces with suitable temperature control and equipped with recording pyrometers so that complete heat-treatment records are available, a heat-treatment charge must be considered as any continuous run not exceeding an 8-hr duration. One tension test must be taken from one forging per heat in each heat treatment charge at a minimum of every 8 hours. 3.4.2 Certification of Mechanical Properties (Mechanical Analysis, Tension Testing) must include the condition furnished. The contractor must maintain a complete record on file of the heat treatment given each piece, including stress relief. The contractor must provide either the record of the final heat treatment or a heat treatment certification statement. The certification statement must be signed by the heat-treater and include the date of heat treatment, duration and temperature of heat treatment operations and quenching medium (if required). 3.5 Welding or Brazing - When welding, brazing, and allied processes are required, as invoked by Section C paragraph 3 requirements, they must be in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, 0900-LP-001-7000 for brazing of piping and pressure vessel applications, or S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 for brazing of other applications. For all production and repair welding and brazing personnel and procedures must be qualified under S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 or 0900-LP-001-7000, as applicable. Procedures and Qualification Data must be submitted for review and approval prior to performing any welding or brazing. 3.6 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.6.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.6.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.6.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change. 3.7 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. 3.8 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings. 3.9 NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010 - Any applicable requirements of NAVSHIPS 4410.17,NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010, or 0948-045-7010 which the contractor must meet are included in this contract/purchase order. The above documents are for GovernmentUse Only. Further application of the above documents is prohibited.prohibited. 3.9.1 Marking of material with a Material Designator per the Drawing is also prohibited, with the exception of Fasteners. Fasteners must be marked with a Material Symbol/Designator as specified elsewhere in this contract. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^ 3.10 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Test Certification) - A statement of tests performed, listing the pieces tested must be furnished along with a copy of the test results. Certification must include the contractor's name, address and date, quantity inspected, identified to the contract/purchase order and item number, and the Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature. Test certifications must reference the standard/specification, including the revision, to which the testing was performed and the acceptance criteria used. Test procedure numbers may also be referenced on test reports. Test reports on weldments must be identified to weld joint and layer. 3.11 Welding Requirements - When production or repair welding is required, the applicable welding procedure(s) and qualification data must be submitted for review and approval. In addition, the CONSUMED WELD METAL C of C as defined below must be submitted as part of the certification OQE package submitted by the Contractor. Note: These requirements do not apply to tack/spot welds when the conditions of Section 4.2.1.1 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278 are met. 3.11.1 Approval of the Contractor's qualification data must be obtained prior to performing any welding (production or repair). 3.11.2 If the Contractors qualification data has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the procedures and qualification data report to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable welding procedure and qualification data report identification/number. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. As far as practical, all procedures for the contract must be submitted at the same time. Welding procedures and qualification data must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. The contractor must state the applicability of each weld procedure and qualification data submitted, citing the drawing number and pieces to be welded. (i.e. ''WP-123 and QD-123 are submitted for the weld joint between pieces 1 and 2 on drawing ABC'.' WP-456 and QD-456 are submitted for the hardfacing of piece 3 on drawing XYZ'') 3.11.3 The PCO's authorization for the use of weld procedure(s) and qualification data for the specific application as submitted does not mitigate the vendors responsibility to comply with the requirements of S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248, S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278, and the contract. 3.11.4 Authority for the repair of Special Repairs in castings, the repair of wrought material, or the repair of forged material must be obtained via request for waiver from the Procurement Contracting Officer. This request must describe the defect; including size, depth, location, and a description of the proposed repair. Repairs deemed minor or nominal in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 can be made at contractor discretion in accordance with S9074-AR-GIB-010/278 requirements; however, Weld Procedure Specification (WPS) and Procedure Qualification Record (PQR) submittals are still required. This request for NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted via the Electronic Contractor Data Submission (ECDS) application. 3.11.5 Any new procedure qualification performed under this Contract will require the vendor to provide a minimum 72 hour notification to DCMA with an offer to observe the welding of the test assemblies. The 72 hour time limit may be modified upon mutual agreement between the vendor and DCMA. 3.11.6 When drawings require hardfacing surface Iron or Nickel content not to exceed 5%, the contractor must verify surface Iron or Nickel content by performing chemical testing as defined by the applicable drawing. The chemical test results must be submitted as part of the qualification data. 3.11.7 Additional qualification requirements for production hardfacing thickness less than 1/8-inch: Macro-etch (or legible photomacrographs clearly showing the fusion area) must be submitted for review and show consistent, minimized dilution. All essential elements and any elements not listed in S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248 that influence dilution must be in the qualification data and weld procedure, with strict limits placed on each essential element. 3.11.8 Preparation and retention of weld records is required, as specified by paragraph 4.1.3 of S9074-AR-GIB-010A/278. 3.11.9 When production or repair welding is required on titanium materials, the applicable fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, and active welder qualification must also be submitted for review and approval. 3.11.10 If the contractor's fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, or active welder qualification has previously been approved by the Navy for other contracts, a copy of the original approval letter may be submitted along with the applicable documentation to expedite the approval process. The approval letter must reference the applicable documentation. Prior approval does not guarantee acceptance for this or any future contracts. The contractor's fabrication plan, facilities procedure, training plan, and active welder qualification must be submitted at the same time as the applicable welding procedure(s) and weld procedure qualification data. All documentation must be submitted in a commercially available electronic format, such as Adobe Acrobat PDF. 3.11.11 A Certificate of Compliance is required for all weld filler metals used for production or repair welding, and must include the following: a) Filler Metal LOT number(s) b) Specification and Type c) A positive statement that the vendor has obtained OQE and verified thateach LOT of weld filler material conforms to specification requirements. d) A positive statement verifying that the weld filler metals were the correct material type or grade prior to consumption. 3.11.12 When production welds or repair welds are performed by a subcontractor,the requirement for submission of all certification documentation required herein must be passed down to the subcontractor. 3.12 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-4 3.12.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/nonacceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.12.2 The Contractor's quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.12.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of Level I/SUBSAFE (LI/SS) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.12.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.12.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require re-submittal to the PCO and concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption. 3.13 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. Inspection records must be traceable to the material inspected. 3.13.1 The supplier's gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.13.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative. 3.14 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately." 3.14.1 The prime contractor's program must include procedures to assess the capability of the prospective suppliers to produce the products or supply the services in accordance with the contract, prior to the issuance of any purchase document. 3.14.2 Each sub-tier supplier of material or services for items in Section 3 of this contract must be subjected to a periodic review or audit by the Prime to determine the continued capability of the supplier to control the quality of the products or services specified in the purchase order or contract. 3.14.3 The prime contractor must ensure that the purchased product conformsto specified purchase requirements and this contract. The type and extent of control applied to the supplier and the purchased product must be dependent upon the effect of the purchased product on the end item represented by this contract. 3.14.4 The prime contractor must evaluate the requirements of the contractand select suppliers based on their ability to supply the product in accordance with the prime contractor's requirements and the contract. Criteria for selection and evaluation must be established. Records of this effort must be available for review by the government. 3.14.5 The prime contractor's supplier quality assurance program must provide for a review of purchase documents to assure applicable quality requirements are included or referenced in the documentation for compliance by the supplier. 3.15 Government Furnished Material and/or Equipment (GFM/GFE) - When material or equipment is furnished by the Government, the Contractor must develop documented control procedures that require at least the following: 3.15.1 Visual examination upon receipt to detect damage during transit. 3.15.2 Inspection for completeness and proper type. 3.15.3 Verification of material quality received. 3.15.4 Periodic inspection and precautions to assure adequate storage conditions and to guard against damage from handling and deterioration during storage. 3.15.5 Functional testing, either prior to or after installation, or both, as required by the Contract to determine satisfactory operation. 3.15.6 Identification and protection from improper use or disposition. 3.15.7 Reporting to the Government, any GFM or GFE property found damaged, malfunctioning, or otherwise unsuitable for use. In the event of damage or malfunction during or after installation, the supplier must determine and record probable cause and necessity for withholding the material from use. 3.15.8 For GFE material, and as required by the terms of the bailment agreement, the supplier must establish procedures for adequate storage, maintenance, and inspection of bailed Government material. Records of all inspection and maintenance performed on bailed property must be maintained. 3.15.9 Material returned to the contractor must be handled as GFM. 3.16 Traceability and Certification Requirements - To assure that correct materials are installed in Level I/SUBSAFE systems, it is imperative that traceability be maintained from the material to the material certification test report and other required Objective Quality Evidence (OQE). The material certification report must completely and accurately reflect that the material supplied meets the specified requirements. Materials requiring Traceability and Certification Data are identified within Paragraph 3, Section C of this contract/purchase order. 3.16.1 The following provides the minimum requirements for maintaining material traceability and supplements the requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020 and elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. The Contractor must develop written procedures that implement the material control requirements stated herein and elsewhere in this Contract/Purchase Order. 3.17 Material Traceability - The certification data report must be identified through a unique traceability number, heat-lot number, or heat-treat number, as applicable, which must also be marked on the material. This traceability marking on the material must provide direct traceability to the material's chemical composition and mechanical properties certification data. For material produced by batch, continuous cast, or continuous pour processes, samples must be taken no less than once in every eight hours of operation for the purpose of validating proper chemical composition and mechanical properties. Traceability must be maintained through all process operations including any subcontracted operations, to the finished component. 3.17.1 Material Marking for Traceability and Identification - The following are the minimum marking requirements. Additional/alternate marking requirements, if applicable, will be specified elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. In addition to the marking requirements on applicable drawings and/or specifications, marking for traceability is required. All traceability markings must be permanently applied in accordance with MIL-STD-792 (except as specified below). An alternate marking method is permissible provided it is an available option in the contractually invoked specification or drawing, except in instances where the material has been modified by this contract/purchase order and differs from that specified in the specification or drawing. 3.17.2 Traceability markings for items with precision machined or plated surfaces, or material with suitable marking surface areas less than 3/8 inches square (either 3/8" x 3/8" or an area equal to 0.1406 inches square) must be applied to a durable tag and the tag securely affixed to the material. 3.17.3 Marking must be legible and must be located so as to not affect the form, fit, and function of the material. ;;;; 3.18 See CDRL DI-MISC-81020 (Chemical and Mechanical) - Material Certification - In addition to the certification data requirements specified in DI-MISC-81020, the following material certification requirements apply: 3.18.1 Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis of material traceable to traceability markings is required. Material certification test reports must include the class, form, condition, grade, type, finish, and/or composition, as applicable, of the material supplied. 3.18.2 Re-identification and re-certification of material is required when the material is subjected to a process which alters it's properties. If the starting material or raw stock is processed in a manner that will not affect its chemical composition or mechanical properties, the original certifications for the chemical composition and mechanical properties, as required by the material specification, are acceptable. Re-certification of the chemical or mechanical properties is required if a process is used during fabrication that alters the original properties of the material (e.g. alloying, heat treating, or forming). In these instances, the properties of the material must be re-determined and documented to reflect the altered condition. The altered material must be uniquely re-identified with a new traceability number. The properties thus determined and documented, are required for final certification and must conform to the material specification or the contract/purchase order requirements. When only the mechanical properties are altered, the original certification forchemical composition must be overstamped and annotated with the unique traceability marking used with the altered material and at a minimum contain the information below. 3.18.3 Material certification data forwarded...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176058197
  - Email: JORDAN.D.NEELY2.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/477fa02d1983493da94299464709ba45/view