---
layout: default
title: TSA Architect-Engineering Services
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: a0a1d6ced744458b91fd47f8bacf4c5d
---

# TSA Architect-Engineering Services

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-23 13:03:04.202-04
- Solicitation Number: 70T01026I7668N005

## Summary

The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) is issuing this Request for Information (RFI) as a means of conducting market research to: (1) identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support TSA’s need for Architect-Engineering services and (2) offer industry partners an opportunity to review and provide feedback on TSA’s DRAFT requirements prior to the release of a Request for Proposal (RFP) for this requirement. Your responses to the information requested will provide valuable industry engagement feedback to TSA on ways to improve TSA’s DRAFT requirement. TSA reserves the right to utilize information from the responses to this RFI for these purposes. The applicable North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code assigned to this procurement is anticipated to be 541310 – Architectural Services. The Product Service Code (PSC) is anticipated to be Z1AA “Maintenance of Structures and Facilities”. At this time the Government anticipates awarding an indefinite delivery indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract as a direct award under the U.S. Small Business Administration’s (SBA) 8(a) Program. The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) is headquartered in Springfield, VA and occupies several facilities in the National Capital Region (NCR) and across the United States to coordinate the agency’s operations. TSA requires professional architect-engineer services to support projects such as site surveying and mapping, comprehensive planning, conceptual designs, value engineering, workplace productivity, construction phase support and any other related services. TSA performs various space alteration and new construction upgrade projects throughout TSA’s leased/owned real property portfolio. This includes alterations to office and support spaces, computer room and IT facilities, conference centers as well as electrical and HVAC systems upgrades. Typical projects may involve the following design disciplines: architectural, structural, mechanical, electrical, plumbing, civil, interior design, fire protection, constructability reviews, and HVAC. The establishment of a IDIQ Contract is desired to ensure TSA can order architect-engineering services on an as needed basis to support the agency’s direct lease and owned facilities lifecycle management. A DRAFT Performance Work Statement (PWS) is provided in ATTACHMENT 1 to this notice. This DRAFT PWS details TSA’s anticipated requirements for Architect-Engineering Services. THERE IS NOT A SOLICITATION AT THIS TIME. This request for information does not constitute a request for proposals or a promise to contract; submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary; the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluation will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. Submission Instructions If your firm has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: 1, Firm name, mailing address, web site address, telephone number, year established, SAM UEI, type of ownership, small business size, socioeconomic status, and point of contact (POC) with telephone and email address. 2.A capabilities statement that clearly describes your firm’s ability provide the Architect-Engineering Services outlined in the DRAFT PWS. Please also detail the following in your capabilities statement: -The number of employees by function and discipline that are employed by your firm and partners (if applicable); -A brief profile of your firm’s experience and projects. Please provide examples of at least three (3) projects that are similar in size, scope, and complexity to the requirements outlined in the DRAFT PWS. Please detail the project title, work location, types of services provided (i.e. size, scope, cost, and disciplines), and customer point of contact with telephone and email address for each project; and -Your firm’s intention to bid on a potential solicitation. 3. Any Feedback in respect to the attached DRAFT PWS, such as suggested areas of improvement, lessons learned from similar projects, areas that may require further clarity, and any questions that the Government should consider before releasing an RFP. The capabilities statement may be submitted in a Microsoft Office compatible document or Acrobat Adobe PDF. Feedback for the DRAFT PWS may be inserted via track changes in the DRAFT PWS or in a separate Microsoft Office 2010 compatible document or Acrobat Adobe PDF. There is no page limitation for the capabilities statement or DRAFT PWS feedback. Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed services are invited to submit a response to this RFI by the due date and time identified in this notice. All responses under this RFI must be emailed to michael.capovilla@tsa.dhs.gov by the date specified in the notice. Responses not received by the closing date and time may not be considered or reviewed by TSA. Questions in support of this RFI will not be entertained.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Michael A Capovilla
  - Email: michael.capovilla@tsa.dhs.gov
  - Phone: (571) 227-5833

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: to this notice. This DRAFT PWS details TSA’s anticipated requirements for Architect-Engineering Services. THERE IS NOT A SOLICITATION AT THIS TIME. This request for information does not constitute a request for proposals or a promise to contract; submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary; the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluation will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. Submission Instructions If your firm has the potential capacity to perform these contract services, please provide the following information: 1, Firm name, mailing address, web site address, telephone number, year established, SAM UEI, type of ownership, small business size, socioeconomic status, and point of contact (POC) with telephone and email address. 2.A capabilities statement that clearly describes your firm’s ability provide the Architect-Engineering Services outlined in the DRAFT PWS. Please also detail the following in your capabilities statement: -The number of employees by function and discipline that are employed by your firm and partners (if applicable); -A brief profile of your firm’s experience and projects. Please provide examples of at least three (3) projects that are similar in size, scope, and complexity to the requirements outlined in the DRAFT PWS. Please detail the project title, work location, types of services provided (i.e. size, scope, cost, and disciplines), and customer point of contact with telephone and email address for each project; and -Your firm’s intention to bid on a potential solicitation. 3. Any Feedback in respect to the attached DRAFT PWS, such as suggested areas of improvement, lessons learned from similar projects, areas that may require further clarity, and any questions that the Government should consider before releasing an RFP. The capabilities statement may be submitted in a Microsoft Office compatible document or Acrobat Adobe PDF. Feedback for the DRAFT PWS may be inserted via track changes in the DRAFT PWS or in a separate Microsoft Office 2010 compatible document or Acrobat Adobe PDF. There is no page limitation for the capabilities statement or DRAFT PWS feedback. Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the above-listed services are invited to submit a response to this RFI by the due date and time identified in this notice. All responses under this RFI must be emailed to michael.capovilla@tsa.dhs.gov by the date specified in the notice. Responses not received by the closing date and time may not be considered or reviewed by TSA. Questions in support of this RFI will not be entertained

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a0a1d6ced744458b91fd47f8bacf4c5d/view)