---
layout: default
title: Sources Sought: ADR Vehicular Equipment Kits Survey_2025
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 2a6162ac7eec48ce94e96f4847b3912e
---

# Sources Sought: ADR Vehicular Equipment Kits Survey_2025

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-14 11:22:12.872-04
- Solicitation Number: ADR-Vehicular-Equipment-Kits_2025

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE/MARKET RESEARCH SURVEY to request information for Government planning purposes only. The Army Contracting Command – Detroit Arsenal (ACC-DTA) is seeking to gain knowledge of interest, capabilities and qualifications of various members of the community, to include both small and large businesses, for production of the item identified in the document attached. Item: ADR Vehicular Equipment Kits: Required for Integration into: M916A2, M916A1, M1062, M978, M872A4, M1102A4, M107, M104A1, M1075A1, M1076, M1076A1, M967A, M969A3, M977A4, M985A4, M1082, M1095, M989A1, M1088, M1078A1P2, M1084A1P2, and M1085A1P. See Attachment 0001: ADR Equipment Vehicle Kits_5 year for specific NSNs. The ADR Vehicular Equipment Kit is a standardized, pre-packaged set of safety and emergency response equipment legally required by the ADR (Agreement concerning the International Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road) treaty for any vehicle transporting hazardous materials. Its primary purpose is to provide the driver with the essential tools to manage the initial phase of an accident or spill by ensuring their personal safety, warning other road users, and taking immediate preventative actions. A comprehensive kit typically includes Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) such as chemical-resistant gloves, eye protection, and a high-visibility vest; general safety items to secure the scene like wheel chocks and self-standing warning triangles; and spill control equipment, including a drain seal, absorbent materials, and a collection shovel. Crucially, the kit must also contain the "Instructions in Writing" that detail the specific hazards of the cargo and the appropriate emergency procedures. In essence, it is a legally mandated, self-contained toolkit designed to enable a driver to respond safely and effectively until professional emergency services arrive. There is a Technical Data Package (TDP) associated with this procurement. It is distribution statement “D”, which limits access to Department of War (DoW) and U.S. DoW contractors, and is located under the Attachments/Links section of the associated SAM posting. To view/obtain this TDP, the vendor must have a current DD 2345, Militarily Critical Technical Data Agreement, on file with the Defense Logistics Information Service. If the vendor has a current certification, they are required to submit a TDP access request via SAM.gov: 1. Navigate to https://www.SAM.gov 2. Search for the sources sought title, Sources Sought: ADR Vehicular Equipment Kits Survey_2025 3. Click on the attachments 4. Request access to this document 5. Send your approved DD Form 2345 via e-mail to the following personnel: Meika Cole, Lead Contract Specialist Email: meika.j.cole.civ@army.mil Diana Jones, Secondary Contract Specialist, Email: diana.jones47.civ@army.mil If the vendor does not have a current certification, they must submit a DD Form 2345 to the United States/Canada Joint Certification Office, along with copies of all supporting documentation. DD Form 2345 and instructions can be found on the Joint Certification Program website at: http://www.dla.mil/HQ/InformationOperations/Offers/Products/LogisticsApplications/JCP.aspx. Processing time is estimated at six (6) to ten (10) weeks after receipt. Upon receipt of certification, the vendor may request access to the TDP as described herein. Upon completion of the purposes for which Government technical data has been provided, the offeror, and all subcontractors, vendors, and sub-vendors of the offeror, are required to destroy all documents, including all reproductions, duplications, or copies thereof as may have been further distributed. Destruction of this technical data shall be accomplished by shredding, pulping, burning, or melting any physical copies of the TDP and/or deletion or removal of downloaded TDP files from computer drives and electronic devices, and any copies of those files. ADR Vehicular Equipment Kits TDP contains Source Controlled Parts. Please review Attachment 0003: Source Controlled Vendors Part List. Vendors will need to provide proof that you are able to obtain the source-controlled parts from approved sources. Source controlled parts are provided in Attachment 0003; Source Controlled Parts List. ***If vendors choose to not go through the approved sources above, they must confirm that they will go through the process of becoming an approved source. To become an approved source, you would need to submit a SAR package. This link will allow you to go through the process to become one. https://tacom.army.mil/ombudsman/sap.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Meika Cole
  - Email: meika.j.cole.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 571-588-9048

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: ADR Equipment Vehicle Kits_5 year for specific NSNs. The ADR Vehicular Equipment Kit is a standardized, pre-packaged set of safety and emergency response equipment legally required by the ADR (Agreement concerning the International Carriage of Dangerous Goods by Road) treaty for any vehicle transporting hazardous materials. Its primary purpose is to provide the driver with the essential tools to manage the initial phase of an accident or spill by ensuring their personal safety, warning other road users, and taking immediate preventative actions. A comprehensive kit typically includes Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) such as chemical-resistant gloves, eye protection, and a high-visibility vest; general safety items to secure the scene like wheel chocks and self-standing warning triangles; and spill control equipment, including a drain seal, absorbent materials, and a collection shovel. Crucially, the kit must also contain the "Instructions in Writing" that detail the specific hazards of the cargo and the appropriate emergency procedures. In essence, it is a legally mandated, self-contained toolkit designed to enable a driver to respond safely and effectively until professional emergency services arrive. There is a Technical Data Package (TDP) associated with this procurement. It is distribution statement “D”, which limits access to Department of War (DoW) and U.S. DoW contractors, and is located under the Attachments/Links section of the associated SAM posting. To view/obtain this TDP, the vendor must have a current DD 2345, Militarily Critical Technical Data Agreement, on file with the Defense Logistics Information Service. If the vendor has a current certification, they are required to submit a TDP access request via SAM.gov: 1. Navigate to https://www.SAM.gov 2. Search for the sources sought title, Sources Sought: ADR Vehicular Equipment Kits Survey_2025 3. Click on the attachments 4. Request access to this document 5. Send your approved DD Form 2345 via e-mail to the following personnel: Meika Cole, Lead Contract Specialist Email: meika.j.cole.civ@army.mil Diana Jones, Secondary Contract Specialist, Email: diana.jones47.civ@army.mil If the vendor does not have a current certification, they must submit a DD Form 2345 to the United States/Canada Joint Certification Office, along with copies of all supporting documentation. DD Form 2345 and instructions can be found on the Joint Certification Program website at: http://www.dla.mil/HQ/InformationOperations/Offers/Products/LogisticsApplications/JCP.aspx. Processing time is estimated at six (6) to ten (10) weeks after receipt. Upon receipt of certification, the vendor may request access to the TDP as described herein. Upon completion of the purposes for which Government technical data has been provided, the offeror, and all subcontractors, vendors, and sub-vendors of the offeror, are required to destroy all documents, including all reproductions, duplications, or copies thereof as may have been further distributed. Destruction of this technical data shall be accomplished by shredding, pulping, burning, or melting any physical copies of the TDP and/or deletion or removal of downloaded TDP files from computer drives and electronic devices, and any copies of those files. ADR Vehicular Equipment Kits TDP contains Source Controlled Parts. Please review Attachment 0003: Source Controlled Vendors Part List. Vendors will need to provide proof that you are able to obtain the source-controlled parts from approved sources. Source controlled parts are provided in Attachment 0003; Source Controlled Parts List. ***If vendors choose to not go through the approved sources above, they must confirm that they will go through the process of becoming an approved source. To become an approved source, you would need to submit a SAR package. This link will allow you to go through the process to become one. https://tacom.army.mil/ombudsman/sap

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2a6162ac7eec48ce94e96f4847b3912e/view)