---
layout: default
title: Continuing Human Enabling, Enhancing, Restoring and Sustaining (CHEERS)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: 06fcf51457dc4361856ae1f691c70194
---

# Continuing Human Enabling, Enhancing, Restoring and Sustaining (CHEERS)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-08 11:58:18.969-04
- Solicitation Number: FA238424S2233

## Summary

8 Apr 2026: MORATORIUM To preserve the integrity of competition, Attachment 2, “RHW_RHD_RHB Technical Requirements Statement of Objectives (SOO),” Paragraph 3.3.2.2.1.1, Holistic Models for Decision-Making LOE 1, is closed in its entirety. No white papers will be accepted under solicitation FA2384-24-S-2334, “CHEERS MAA Open Period 1 – All Technical Areas, 10 U.S.C. 4001 Broad Agency Announcement (BAA),” for submissions that target and/or identify Technical Area 3.3.2.2.1.1. This moratorium is effective for a period of 6 months as of the closing date for proposal receipt (24 April 2026) under Call for Proposals FA2384-26-S-B001 “Holistic Models for Decision Making”. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 8 Apr 2026: Solicitation Tracker Update --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 25 Nov 2025: MORATORIUM To preserve the integrity of competition, Attachment 2, “RHW_RHD_RHB Technical Requirements Statement of Objectives (SOO),” Paragraph 3.3.2.2.1.2, Information Mastery in Cognitive Warfare LOE 2, is closed in its entirety. No white papers will be accepted under solicitation FA2384-24-S-2334, “CHEERS MAA Open Period 1 – All Technical Areas, 10 U.S.C. 4001 Broad Agency Announcement (BAA),” for submissions that target and/or identify Technical Area 3.3.2.2.1.2. This moratorium is effective for a period of 6 months as of the closing date for proposal receipt (30 October 2025) under Call for Proposals FA2384-25-S-B007 “Information Mastery in Cognitive Warfare”. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 20 Nov 2025: Amendment 01 - Annual Update The CHEERS Multiple Authority Announcement (MAA) MUST be reviewed in tandem with the solicitations in order to have access to all applicable attachments and instructions. There are three (3) open, 2-step, solicitations currently accepting white papers. Please see below for solicitation numbers. Multiple Authority Announcement (MAA), Notice FA238424S2233: 1. CHEERS MAA Open Period 1 – Broad Agency Announcement (BAA), Solicitation FA238424S2334 2. CHEERS MAA Open Period 2 – Procurement for Experimental Purposes (ARA), Solicitation FA238424S2335 3. CHEERS MAA Open Period 3 - Commercial Solutions Opening (CSO), Solicitation FA238424S2336 Please reach out if you have any questions regarding the MAA and/or the solicitation(s). Technical questions may be directed to the technical POC’s identified in the announcement/solicitations. General questions may be directed to the CHEERS email org box: AFRL.711HPW.MAA@us.af.mil ---------------------------------------------------- 7 Aug 2025: Solicitation Tracker Update ----------------------------------------------------- 11 April 2025 Notice: MORATORIUM To preserve the integrity of competition, Attachment 2, “RHW_RHD_RHB Technical Requirements Statement of Objectives (SOO),” Paragraph 3.2 is closed in its entirety. No white papers will be accepted under solicitation FA2384-24-S-2334, “CHEERS MAA Open Period 1 – All Technical Areas, 10 U.S.C. 4001 Broad Agency Announcement (BAA),” for submissions that target and/or identify Technical Area 3.2. This moratorium is effective for a period of 6 months as of the closing date for proposal receipt (13 April 2025) under Call for Proposals FA2384-24-S-B003 “BRDEE”. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Original Announcement: Description: The Air Force Research Laboratory, Human Effectiveness Directorate (AFRL/RH) and the United States Air Force School of Medicine (USAFSAM) CHEERS MAA is intended to provide a comprehensive strategy for AFRL/RH and USAFSAM’s range of S&T, allowing for progression from basic research to technology maturation and transition. Solicitation Authority: Solicitations issued under this MAA will utilize any one, or a combination, of the authorities below: ? 10 U.S.C. 4001 Federal Acquisition Regulation and its Supplements (FAR(S))/FAR Part 35.016 – Broad Agency Announcements (BAAs) ? 10 U.S.C. 3458/DFARS 212.70 - Authority to acquire innovative commercial products and commercial services using general solicitation competitive procedures ? 10 U.S.C. 4021 – Research projects: transactions other than contracts & grants (Other Transaction for Research) ? 10 U.S.C. 4022 – Authority of the Department of Defense to carry out certain prototype projects (Other Transaction for Prototype). ? 10 U.S.C. 4023 – Procurement for Experimental Purposes ? 10 U.S.C. 4001/32 CFR 22.205 – Grants and Cooperative Agreement Statement of Objective/Description of Technical Area(s): Solicitations issued under this MAA will seek approaches covering one or more of the Technical Areas found in the attached Statements of Objectives.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Amber Taylor, Contracting Officer, Grants Officer, Agreements Officer
  - Email: amber.taylor.9@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Ashlee Green, Contracting Officer
  - Email: ashlee.green.1@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: , “RHW_RHD_RHB Technical Requirements Statement of Objectives (SOO),” Paragraph 3.3.2.2.1.1, Holistic Models for Decision-Making LOE 1, is closed in its entirety. No white papers will be accepted under solicitation FA2384-24-S-2334, “CHEERS MAA Open Period 1 – All Technical Areas, 10 U.S.C. 4001 Broad Agency Announcement (BAA),” for submissions that target and/or identify Technical Area 3.3.2.2.1.1. This moratorium is effective for a period of 6 months as of the closing date for proposal receipt (24 April 2026) under Call for Proposals FA2384-26-S-B001 “Holistic Models for Decision Making”. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 8 Apr 2026: Solicitation Tracker Update --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 25 Nov 2025: MORATORIUM To preserve the integrity of competition, Attachment 2, “RHW_RHD_RHB Technical Requirements Statement of Objectives (SOO),” Paragraph 3.3.2.2.1.2, Information Mastery in Cognitive Warfare LOE 2, is closed in its entirety. No white papers will be accepted under solicitation FA2384-24-S-2334, “CHEERS MAA Open Period 1 – All Technical Areas, 10 U.S.C. 4001 Broad Agency Announcement (BAA),” for submissions that target and/or identify Technical Area 3.3.2.2.1.2. This moratorium is effective for a period of 6 months as of the closing date for proposal receipt (30 October 2025) under Call for Proposals FA2384-25-S-B007 “Information Mastery in Cognitive Warfare”. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 20 Nov 2025: Amendment 01 - Annual Update The CHEERS Multiple Authority Announcement (MAA) MUST be reviewed in tandem with the solicitations in order to have access to all applicable attachments and instructions. There are three (3) open, 2-step, solicitations currently accepting white papers. Please see below for solicitation numbers. Multiple Authority Announcement (MAA), Notice FA238424S2233: 1. CHEERS MAA Open Period 1 – Broad Agency Announcement (BAA), Solicitation FA238424S2334 2. CHEERS MAA Open Period 2 – Procurement for Experimental Purposes (ARA), Solicitation FA238424S2335 3. CHEERS MAA Open Period 3 - Commercial Solutions Opening (CSO), Solicitation FA238424S2336 Please reach out if you have any questions regarding the MAA and/or the solicitation(s). Technical questions may be directed to the technical POC’s identified in the announcement/solicitations. General questions may be directed to the CHEERS email org box: AFRL.711HPW.MAA@us.af.mil ---------------------------------------------------- 7 Aug 2025: Solicitation Tracker Update ----------------------------------------------------- 11 April 2025 Notice: MORATORIUM To preserve the integrity of competition, Attachment 2, “RHW_RHD_RHB Technical Requirements Statement of Objectives (SOO),” Paragraph 3.2 is closed in its entirety. No white papers will be accepted under solicitation FA2384-24-S-2334, “CHEERS MAA Open Period 1 – All Technical Areas, 10 U.S.C. 4001 Broad Agency Announcement (BAA),” for submissions that target and/or identify Technical Area 3.2. This moratorium is effective for a period of 6 months as of the closing date for proposal receipt (13 April 2025) under Call for Proposals FA2384-24-S-B003 “BRDEE”. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Original Announcement: Description: The Air Force Research Laboratory, Human Effectiveness Directorate (AFRL/RH) and the United States Air Force School of Medicine (USAFSAM) CHEERS MAA is intended to provide a comprehensive strategy for AFRL/RH and USAFSAM’s range of S&T, allowing for progression from basic research to technology maturation and transition. Solicitation Authority: Solicitations issued under this MAA will utilize any one, or a combination, of the authorities below: ? 10 U.S.C. 4001 Federal Acquisition Regulation and its Supplements (FAR(S))/FAR Part 35.016 – Broad Agency Announcements (BAAs) ? 10 U.S.C. 3458/DFARS 212.70 - Authority to acquire innovative commercial products and commercial services using general solicitation competitive procedures ? 10 U.S.C. 4021 – Research projects: transactions other than contracts & grants (Other Transaction for Research) ? 10 U.S.C. 4022 – Authority of the Department of Defense to carry out certain prototype projects (Other Transaction for Prototype). ? 10 U.S.C. 4023 – Procurement for Experimental Purposes ? 10 U.S.C. 4001/32 CFR 22.205 – Grants and Cooperative Agreement Statement of Objective/Description of Technical Area(s): Solicitations issued under this MAA will seek approaches covering one or more of the Technical Areas found in the attached Statements of Objectives

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/06fcf51457dc4361856ae1f691c70194/view)