---
layout: default
title: VA Office of Inspector General (VA OIG) Office of Investigations Case Management (OICM) Services
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 4f1f04b4f3ae4f85aeaf39c663c04d58
---

# VA Office of Inspector General (VA OIG) Office of Investigations Case Management (OICM) Services

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-30 09:00:09.73-04
- Solicitation Number: VAOIG-RFI-26-0001

## Summary

VA Office of Inspector General (VA OIG) Office of Investigations Case Management (OICM) Services Request for Information (RFI) Amendment 0001 - RFI Notice ID Number: VAOIG-RFI-26-0001 Amendment 0001 of Request for Information (RFI) Notice ID Number VAOIG-RFI-26-0001 is issued to extend the Due Date for submitting Capability Packages. The Due Date for submitting Capability Packages is changed as follows: CHANGED FROM: Thursday, April 02, 2026 no later than 1:00 PM EST CHANGED TO: Thursday, April 09, 2026 no later than 1:00 PM EST ___________________________________ VA Office of Inspector General (VA OIG) Office of Investigations Case Management (OICM) Services Request for Information (RFI) RFI Notice ID Number: VAOIG-RFI-26-0001 1. DESCRIPTION The Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of Inspector General (VA OIG) is issuing a Request for Information (RFI) for an Investigative Case Management System for the VA OIG Office of Investigations. The purpose of the RFI is to determine if commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) products / solutions are available to meet VA OIG’s needs as defined in the attached Statement of Work (SOW). In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) 10.001, this RFI is issued solely for information and market research purposes. Please note that THIS RFI IS NOT A SOLICITATION or a promise to issue a solicitation. No award(s) shall be issued from the responses to this RFI. Any voluntary responses to this RFI are not offers and shall not be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Any information that a Vendor provides in response to the RFI shall become Government property and will not be returned. Furthermore, the Government shall not provide feedback with regards to RFI submissions, other than acknowledgment of receipt if requested by the submitter. The Government shall not be responsible for paying any costs incurred by any Vendor in responding to this RFI. All Vendors are responsible for all costs associated with responding to this RFI. 2. PURPOSE OF THIS RFI VA OIG intends to use responses to this RFI to gather market related information regarding the commercial availability of Vendors that have the capability to provide a commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) Investigative Case Management System / solution. Input received from the RFI may be used to determine next steps, which may include a subsequent solicitation. VA OIG encourages the Vendor community to respond to this RFI to provide their feedback and insight. 3. CAPABILITY PACKAGE Vendors are instructed to provide a Capability Package in response to this RFI that clearly describes your COTS Investigative Case Management System / solution and its ability to fulfill requirements described in the Technical Requirements of the attached SOW. The Capability Package shall contain the following information: A. Provide Company Information to include the following: 1. SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) Number 2. Company Name 3. Company Address (including points of contact, phone numbers and e-mail addresses) 4. Business Size Designation (Small Business, Large Business, Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), etc.) 5. North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code 6. Indicate if the services are available on U.S. General Services Administration (GSA), National Aeronautics and Space Administration Solutions for Enterprise-Wide Procurement V (NASA SEWP V), National Institutes of Health Information Technology Acquisition and Assessment Center (NITAAC), Army Computer Hardware, Enterprise Software and Solutions (CHESS), or any other Government Wide Acquisition Contracts (GWACs). 7. As part of your Capability Package, please provide a Rough Order of Magnitude (ROM) pricing information for your COTS Investigative Case Management System / solution. Please note that the Government anticipates that the period of performance for this requirement will be for a Base Period of twelve (12) months with four (4) twelve (12) month Option Periods. B. Provide a response to the following questions: 1. Please provide no more than three (3) examples of past Government experience (Task Orders / Contracts) within the last three (3) years with requirements that are similar in nature and scope of this requirement. At a minimum, the Past Performance information should include descriptive information clearly showing the similarities to the subject requirements, contract numbers, performance periods, and points of contact. 2. Provide information regarding your plans to use any form of “teaming” (Subcontracting, Joint Venturing (JV), Partnering, etc.) to provide your COTS Investigative Case Management System products/solution. 3. What is the name of the product / solution being proposed in response to this RFI? 4. Are you the Manufacturer of this COTS product, or an “authorized reseller”? A. If you are the Manufacturer of this COTS product, are you the only seller / provider of this product? B. Are there other “authorized resellers” of this COTS product? If so, please provide the entity / business name, SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) Number, business size designation (8(a) Small Business, SDVOSB, VOSB, etc.), and point of contact (POC) information (name, e-mail address, and phone number(s)). Please note that information for multiple authorized resellers can be provided in a Table Format, Spreadsheet Format, or any other format that clearly lists / displays the information. 5. Is your COTS product FedRAMP authorized, or capable of deployment on a customer-provided, single-agency private cloud secured environment? Please describe. 6. What structure is provided for licenses (Perpetual / Term / Per User / Enterprise / etc.)? Please describe. 4. VIRTUAL PRODUCT DEMONSTRATION As part of the RFI, VA OIG is requesting a virtual product demonstration of your COTS Investigative Case Management System products/solution. Participation in any demonstration connected with this Request or submitting any information in response to this RFI is strictly voluntary. Any information that a Vendor provides shall become Government property and will not be returned. Capability Packages shall include confirmation of whether the Vendor would like to participate in the virtual product demonstration. The duration of the virtual product demonstration shall be for no more than three (3) hours. Vendors shall be required to demonstrate a COTS Investigative Case Management System products/solution that meets all requirements listed in the Statement of Work (SOW). Please note that the draft SOW is provided only for your review / reference. Required System Environments As referenced in the Statement of Work (SOW) that is attached to this RFI titled “Attachment 1 - Draft SOW Dated 03-20-2026 - OICM Services”, the COTS Investigative Case Management System products/solution shall be capable of being deployed in at least one (1) of the following methods: I. FedRAMP Authorized Solution - The Contractor's solution is fully FedRAMP authorized as evidenced by an active FedRAMP Authority to Operate (ATO). The Contractor’s solution must be able to be implemented at a FedRAMP Impact Level of Moderate or higher with the capability of adding security control overlays as defined by NIST, if needed, and maintain compliance with FedRAMP requirements throughout the period of performance, or; II. Deployment on Single Agency Private Cloud - The Contractor is fully capable of deploying the solution on a customer-provided, single-agency private cloud. The solution must comply with all applicable security and performance standards, including those outlined in the agency's security policies, FISMA Law, NIST guidance and standards, and OMB mandate Vendor participation in the virtual product demonstration is limited to four (4) individuals. Please provide the name, title, and contact information (e-mail address, phone number, etc.) for each person that will be participating in the virtual product demonstration. The duration of the virtual product demonstration shall be for no more than three (3) hours. The Government will contact Vendors to coordinate the specific date and time for the virtual product demonstration. 5. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS Only electronic Capability Packages submitted via e-mail will be accepted. QUESTIONS Questions regarding this RFI shall be submitted using the attached spreadsheet titled: “Attachment 2 - Vendor Questions Template - OICM Services”. The Due Date for Questions is Wednesday, March 25, 2026 no later than 3:00 PM EST. CAPABILITY PACKAGES Capability Packages shall be created using Times New Roman Font Size 12 or larger, and shall not exceed twenty-five (25) pages (excluding the cover pages, Table of Contents, charts, graphs, tables, Past Performance information, and marketing materials). The Due Date for Capability Packages is Thursday, April 02, 2026 no later than 1:00 PM EST. The Point of Contact (POC) for information submission is: PRIMARY POC NAME: James Johnson, Contracting Officer E-MAIL: James.Johnson27@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: James Johnson
  - Email: James.Johnson27@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Draft SOW Dated 03-20-2026 - OICM Services”, the COTS Investigative Case Management System products/solution shall be capable of being deployed in at least one (1) of the following methods: I. FedRAMP Authorized Solution - The Contractor"s solution is fully FedRAMP authorized as evidenced by an active FedRAMP Authority to Operate (ATO). The Contractor’s solution must be able to be implemented at a FedRAMP Impact Level of Moderate or higher with the capability of adding security control overlays as defined by NIST, if needed, and maintain compliance with FedRAMP requirements throughout the period of performance, or; II. Deployment on Single Agency Private Cloud - The Contractor is fully capable of deploying the solution on a customer-provided, single-agency private cloud. The solution must comply with all applicable security and performance standards, including those outlined in the agency"s security policies, FISMA Law, NIST guidance and standards, and OMB mandate Vendor participation in the virtual product demonstration is limited to four (4) individuals. Please provide the name, title, and contact information (e-mail address, phone number, etc.) for each person that will be participating in the virtual product demonstration. The duration of the virtual product demonstration shall be for no more than three (3) hours. The Government will contact Vendors to coordinate the specific date and time for the virtual product demonstration. 5. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS Only electronic Capability Packages submitted via e-mail will be accepted. QUESTIONS Questions regarding this RFI shall be submitted using the attached spreadsheet titled: “Attachment 2 - Vendor Questions Template - OICM Services”. The Due Date for Questions is Wednesday, March 25, 2026 no later than 3:00 PM EST. CAPABILITY PACKAGES Capability Packages shall be created using Times New Roman Font Size 12 or larger, and shall not exceed twenty-five (25) pages (excluding the cover pages, Table of Contents, charts, graphs, tables, Past Performance information, and marketing materials). The Due Date for Capability Packages is Thursday, April 02, 2026 no later than 1:00 PM EST. The Point of Contact (POC) for information submission is: PRIMARY POC NAME: James Johnson, Contracting Officer E-MAIL: James.Johnson27@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4f1f04b4f3ae4f85aeaf39c663c04d58/view)