---
layout: default
title: 48--SEAT,VALVE
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: bc11dffc71954344b710acb1b4bac484
---

# 48--SEAT,VALVE

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 07:34:54.301-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QFC73

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N743.43|WVN|771-229-0569|noelle.m.smith10.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|SEE SPECIFICATION SECTIONS C & E| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|X||X|||||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|B| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|STAND-ALONE RECEIVING REPORT-CERTIFICATIONS/COMBO-RECEIVING REPORT & INVOICES- MATERIALS|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|N39040-CERTIFICATIONS/S4306A-MATERIALS|N50286|TBD|136|N/A|N/A|N39040-CERTIFICATIONS|N/A|N/A|SEE DD FOR M 1423|PORT_PTNH_WAWF_NOTIFICATION@NAVY.MIL| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|ONE YEAR FROM DATE OF DELIVERY|ONE YEAR FROM DATE OF DELIVERY||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| WARRANTY OF DATA-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0035) (FEB 2026)|2||| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| DD1423 Data Item A001 may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. Submission of Certification Data CDRLs will be on or before 20days prior to scheduled delivery. PNSY review/acceptance of Certification CDRLs 6 working days after receipt of Certification DD 1423 CDRLs. Final delivery of material will be on or before ### days after effective date of the resulting contract. Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be DO rated order certified for national defense use under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 The material covered in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system. The use of incorrect or defective material would create a high probability of failure resulting in serious personnel injury, loss of life, loss of vital shipboard systems, or loss of the ship itself. Therefore, the material has been designated as SPECIAL EMPHASIS material (Level I, Scope of Certification, or Quality Assured) and special control procedures are invoked to ensure receipt of correct material. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained.

2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. 2.2.2 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.2.3 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=EB-4147 |96169| B|SP |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7284884 |53711| F| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-1330 | | |E |220516|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Seats must be in accordance with Naval Sea Systems Command Drawing 7284884, piece 43, except as amplified or modified herein.;

3.2 Oxygen Cleaning - This material must be cleaned, tested, packaged & labeled by trained personnel and procedures in accordance with MIL-STD-1330, General.

3.3 Material for Parts Requiring Certification - Quantitative chemical and mechanical analysis is required for the parts listed below unless specifically stated otherwise: Part - ;Seats; Material - Torlon 4503, 4203, or 4203L (unfilled polyamide-imide) per Electric Boat Specification 4147. (Certificate of Compliance only is required)

3.4 Seat Stack Height Measurement - To ensure that each seat is within tolerance, check each seat individually by measuring the seat height with the ball resting on the seat. Limits are determined by the ball diameter tolerance and the stack height tolerance combined. Refer to CSD171 for recommended methods to measure and calculate stack heights. CSD171 is available in the ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/.

3.5 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipment baseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the Government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.5.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Contracting Officer. Waivers and Deviations must be designated as Critical, Major, or Minor. The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests must include the information listed below. a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance), including a classification of Critical, Major, or Minor. b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of the non-conformance. 3.5.2 All requests for Waivers/Deviations on NAVSUP-WSS Contracts must be submitted to the NAVSUP WSS Contracting Specialist via eMail. 3.5.3 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and change justification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product. i. Complete estimated life-cycle cost impact of the proposed change. j. Milestones relating to the processing and implementation of the engineering change.

3.6 Certificate of Compliance - (SPECIAL EMPHASIS MATERIAL) The Contractor must prepare and submit a certificate of compliance certifying that the items/components furnished under this contract comply with the requirements of the procurement document, including any/all invoked specifications and drawings.

3.7 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection.

3.8 NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010 - Any applicable requirements of NAVSHIPS 4410.17,NAVSEA 0948-LP-045-7010, or 0948-045-7010 which the contractor must meet are included in this contract/purchase order. The above documents are for GovernmentUse Only. Further application of the above documents is prohibited.prohibited. 3.8.1 Marking of material with a Material Designator per the Drawing is also prohibited, with the exception of Fasteners. Fasteners must be marked with a Material Symbol/Designator as specified elsewhere in this contract. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^

3.9 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with ISO-9001 as amplified or modified herein, with the calibration system requirements of ISO-10012 or ANSI-Z540.3 with ISO-17025. A Quality System in accordance with MIL-I-45208, with the calibration system 3.9.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/nonacceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.9.2 The Contractor's quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.9.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (Inspection System Procedures) - All suppliers of Level I/SUBSAFE (LI/SS) material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.9.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.9.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require re-submittal to the PCO and concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption.

3.10 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. Inspection records must be traceable to the material inspected. 3.10.1 The supplier's gages, measuring and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.10.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative.

3.11 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMC Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately." 3.11.1 The prime contractor's program must include procedures to assess the capability of the prospective suppliers to produce the products or supply the services in accordance with the contract, prior to the issuance of any purchase document. 3.11.2 Each sub-tier supplier of material or services for items in Section 3 of this contract must be subjected to a periodic review or audit by the Prime to determine the continued capability of the supplier to control the quality of the products or services specified in the purchase order or contract. 3.11.3 The prime contractor must ensure that the purchased product conforms to specified purchase requirements and this contract. The type and extent of control applied to the supplier and the purchased product must be dependent upon the effect of the purchased product on the end item represented by this contract. 3.11.4 The prime contractor must evaluate the requirements of the contract and select suppliers based on their ability to supply the product in accordance with the prime contractor's requirements and the contract. Criteria for selection and evaluation must be established. Records of this effort must be available for review by the government. 3.11.5 The prime contractor's supplier quality assurance program must provide for a review of purchase documents to assure applicable quality requirements are included or referenced in the documentation for compliance by the supplier.

3.12 Government Furnished Material and/or Equipment (GFM/GFE) - When material or equipment is furnished by the Government, the Contractor must develop documented control procedures that require at least the following: 3.12.1 Visual examination upon receipt to detect damage during transit. 3.12.2 Inspection for completeness and proper type. 3.12.3 Verification of material quality received. 3.12.4 Periodic inspection and precautions to assure adequate storage conditions and to guard against damage from handling and deterioration during storage. 3.12.5 Functional testing, either prior to or after installation, or both, as required by the Contract to determine satisfactory operation. 3.12.6 Identification and protection from improper use or disposition. 3.12.7 Reporting to the Government, any GFM or GFE property found damaged, malfunctioning, or otherwise unsuitable for use. In the event of damage or malfunction during or after installation, the supplier must determine and record probable cause and necessity for withholding the material from use. 3.12.8 For GFE material, and as required by the terms of the bailment agreement, the supplier must establish procedures for adequate storage, maintenance, and inspection of bailed Government material. Records of all inspection and maintenance performed on bailed property must be maintained. 3.12.9 Material returned to the contractor must be handled as GFM.

3.13 Traceability and Certification Requirements - To assure that correct materials are installed in Level I/SUBSAFE systems, it is imperative that traceability be maintained from the material to the material certification test report and other required Objective Quality Evidence (OQE). The material certification report must completely and accurately reflect that the material supplied meets the specified requirements. Materials requiring Traceability and Certification Data are identified within Paragraph 3, Section C of this contract/purchase order. 3.13.1 The following provides the minimum requirements for maintaining material traceability and supplements the requirements specified elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. The Contractor must develop written procedures that implement the material control requirements stated herein, and elsewhere in this contract/purchase order.

3.14 Material Traceability - The certification data report must be identified through a unique traceability number, heat-lot number, or batch of non-metallic material, which must also be marked on the material. This traceability marking on the material must provide direct traceability to the material's chemical composition and mechanical properties certification data. Traceability must be maintained through all process operations including any subcontracted operations, to the finished component. 3.14.1 Material Marking - Each seat must be permanently marked in accordance with MIL-STD-792, type I and as stated below, except for Teflon seats, which must only be tagged. Type IX marking may be substituted for type I, provided the minimum character size scribed by the marking tool must be approximately 3/32 inch high to insure legibility. Permanent marking is not permitted on Teflon seats. When permanent marking is required, it must be legible and must be located so as to not affect the form, fit, and function of the material. ;Seats to be marked on the outer cylindrical surface.; Seat marking requirements must maintain complete traceability to certification OQE. Seat marking must be either heat/lot or batch number, a vendor traceability number/code, or a combination thereof and must be unique to the material certification.

3.15 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (SEAT MATERIAL) - Material Certification - The Contractor must furnish the applicable test reports for each heat/lot/batch of seat material. Material certification test reports must include, in addition to the specification, the class, form, grade, type, process, and/or composition, as applicable, of the material supplied.

3.16 Material Handling - The written material control process must include the following: 3.16.1 All raw materials must have traceability markings (except as specified below). 3.16.2 Stored raw materials requiring traceability must be segregated to preclude intermingling with materials not requiring traceability. 3.16.3 When traceability markings will be removed by a manufacturing or fabrication process, the marking must be recorded prior to removal and be immediately restored upon completion of the process. If this cannot be done or is impractical, an appropriate material control procedure (such as a bag and tag, tagging, and/or tote box control) must be employed. The material control procedure must provide a method of positive control to preclude commingling of batches or loss of traceability. The traceability marking must be reapplied upon completion of the final manufacturing process. 3.16.4 Purchase orders for raw material must specify that the material be traceable to material certification test reports by traceability codes that are marked on the material and identified on the test reports. The certification data requirements herein must be invoked by the prime contractor on all subcontractors supplying Level I material. 3.16.5 The material control process must include requirements for the maintenance of traceability for items sent out for subcontracted operations. If such operations would remove traceability markings, purchase or work orders must specify a method and marking location for remarking. The contractor must also ensure that subcontractor production controls are adequate to preclude commingling of materials during processing.

3.17 Receiving Inspection - 3.17.1 Products and services produced by sub-tier suppliers for incorporation in the contract end item must be subject to inspection or audit at the time of receipt by the prime prior to further processing within the prime contractor's plant or shipment to another location. 3.17.2 Receiving Inspection must include as a minimum - Verification that the traceability number marked on the material agrees with that on the certification test reports. Verification that certification test reports are legible and complete. Verification that the contents of the certification test reports are in compliance with the contractually invoked specifications and requirements.

3.18 Discrepancy Reporting - 3.18.1 Nonconforming products must be identified and processed in accordance with the prime contractor's procedures for controlling nonconforming products. The prime contractor must report the receipt of any nonconforming products to the responsible sub-tier supplier in accordance with established procedures. Nonconforming material records will be maintained and available for review by the government Quality Assurance Representative (QAR).

3.19 Final Inspection - The following inspections must be performed prior to Government inspection and acceptance. 3.19.1 Sampling for certification must be on the basis of one set of test specimens from each heat/lot or batch.

3.20 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (Special Emphasis C of C) - The certificate of compliance must show traceability to the marking applied on each individual item, and must contain the following information: 1. Contractor's name, address and date. 2. The contract/purchase order number (for example: N00104-11-P-FA12) 3. The National Stock Number (NSN). The 18 character National Stock Number for Special Emphasis Material includes the two digit COG, the four digit FSC, the 9 digit NIIN, and the two digit SMIC (for example: 1H 4820 012345678 L1) ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 4. Lubricants, sealants, anti-seize, and/or thread locking compounds ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 5. Certification that O-rings, packing, gaskets, or other elastomeric products were installed in a compressed state within an assembly or sub-assembly, prior to expiration of the shelf life ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 6. Manufacturer's compound number ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 7. When weld procedure submittal is required by the contract, a statement that the approval date of the qualification data precedes any production or repair welding performed on this Contract. ("N/A" when Not Applicable). 8. A statement to the effect that all items furnished on this contract are in full compliance with the specifications and requirements and list each contractually invoked conformance/compliance test performed by name and that it was performed satisfactorily. 9. Contractor's or authorized personnel's signature. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Notes to DCMA QAR and the Contractor - 4.1.1 DCMA QAR and the Contractor for proprietary designs - Departures from Contractor imposed requirements, not specifically covered by the contract, must be judged individually on the basis of the effect, if any, on contractual requirements. When there is a disagreement between the Contractor and the Government representative as to the effect on contractual requirements, the departure must be considered a nonconformance and be submitted to the PCO for disposition. 4.1.2 DCMA QAR and the Contractor for proprietary designs - All records of departures from Contractor imposed requirements must be maintained and available for review at the Contractor's facility. A copy must be given to the local Government representative. A record of these departures, traceable to the applicablepart number and contract number must be submitted to the PCO. 4.1.3 DCMA QAR and the Contractor for proprietary designs - For proprietary designs, the contractor's part numbers are acceptable for reference only. The delivered material must conform to all drawings, specifications, and other contractual requirements. 4.1.4 DCMA QAR - It is the responsibility of DCMA QAR to review Non-Destructive Testing (NDT) procedures for NAVSUP Contracts/Purchase Orders. 4.1.5 DCMA QAR and the Contractor - The ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system is available for certain data submissions and to submit questions and clarifications, and waiver requests on Contracts and Solicitations. ECDS can be found at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking must be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Several definitions of terms that apply to CSI items are listed below. All terms may not apply to every item. 6.1.1 The ECDS (Electronic Contractor Data Submission) system is at: https://register.nslc.navy.mil/ This application will require advance registration using a PKI Digital Certificate on a CAC. A Vendor User Guide is available as CSD001 in the CSD (Contract Support Document) Library within ECDS. 6.1.2 Critical Safety Item (CSI) - Any ship part, assembly, or support equipment containing a critical characteristic whose failure, malfunction, or absence of which could cause a catastrophic or critical failure resulting in loss of, or serious damage to the ship, or unacceptable risk of personal injury or loss of life. 6.1.3 Critical Process - As determined by the TWH, any process, operation or action performed on a Ship CSI that serves to establish a critical characteristic (such as welding, soldering, machining, polishing, cleaning, or assembling) or confirm that a critical characteristic is within drawing or specification compliance (such as, testing, measurement, or non-destructive evaluation). 6.1.4 First Article - Pre-production models, initial product samples, test samples produced to ensure a manufacturer's capability to meet full specification requirements. 6.1.5 First Article Test (FAT) - Contractually required testing and inspection of a supplier's pre-production, production, or "production representative" specimens to evaluate a manufacturer's ability to produce conforming product prior to the Government's commitment to receive subsequent production items. First Article Testing is product specific and does not assess manufacturing process controls nor does it assure the effectiveness of the manufacturer's quality program. 6.1.6 Government Source Inspection (GSI) - GSI is independent oversight performed by a government representative usually a DCMA Quality Assurance Representative (QAR)) to assure that those unique product quality and system elements, identified by the Contracting Agency as important, are observed and evaluated. 6.1.7 Quality Assurance Letter of Instruction (QALI) - A QALI is a formal document initiated by a contracting activity that provides essential requirements and instructions for contracted materials to be independently verified and accepted by a government representative prior to shipment. 6.1.8 Objective Quality Evidence (OQE) - The quantitative and qualitative data of all mechanical, chemical, and performance tests performed (as required by the applicable specification, drawing, or purchase document) to prove that the material supplied conforms to the specified requirements. 6.1.9 Surface Discontinuity - Any surface irregularity, marking, or localized change in physical character of the surface, other than dimensional, that exists infrequently at one or several places. (Examples: burrs, dents, nicks, scratches, gouges, pits, center-punches, scribes, and tool marks) Surface discontinuities less than 0.005-inch in depth are acceptable provided they do not violate any other design requirements specified in this Contract/Purchase Order. 6.1.10 Traceability Code - A code or number providing traceability to the actual chemical and mechanical properties of the specified heat, batch, or form from which the material originated. 6.1.11 Verification - An examination performed to determine compliance with a specific requirement. 6.1.12 Nonconformance - A nonconformance is defined as affecting or violating the following: - The requirements of this contract/purchase order. - Contractually invoked drawings (i.e. envelope dimensions, interface dimensions with mating parts/equipment, center of gravity, weights, piece part identification, material, etc.). - Contractually invoked federal, military, or commercial specifications and/or standards. - Form, fit, function, performance to contract requirements, reliability, maintainability, interchangeability, safety of personnel or equipment, or additional cost to the Government. 6.1.13 Waiver - A written authorization to accept an item, which during manufacture, or after having been submitted for Government inspection or acceptance, is found to depart from specified requirements, but nevertheless is considered suitable for use as is or after repair by an approved method. 6.1.14 Deviation - A specific written authorization (granted prior to the manufacture of an item) to depart from a particular requirement(s) of an item's current approved configuration documentation for a specific number of units or a specified period of time, and to accept an item which is found to depart from specified requirements, but nevertheless is considered suitable for use "as is" or after repair by an approved method. 6.1.15 Critical Waiver/Deviation - This waiver/deviation consists of a departure involving safety. 6.1.16 Major Waiver/Deviation - This waiver/deviation consists of a departure involving: - Performance - Interchangeability, Reliability, Survivability, Maintainability, or Durability of the item or its repair parts - Health or Safety - Effective Use or Operation - Weight, Stability, or Structural Integrity - System design parameters as schematics, flows, pressures or temperatures - Compartment arrangements or assigned function 6.1.17 Minor Waiver/Deviation - This waiver/deviation consists of a departure which does not involve any of the factors listed as critical or major. 6.1.18 Engineering Change (EC) - A change to the current approved configuration documentation of a configuration item at any p...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176053992
  - Email: NOELLE.M.SMITH10.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. DRAWING DATA=EB-4147 |96169| B|SP |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=7284884 |53711| F| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-792 | | |F |230223|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-1330 | | |E |220516|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO/IEC 17025 | | | |050515|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Seats must be in accordance with Naval Sea Systems Command Drawing 7284884, piece 43, except as amplified or modified herein

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/bc11dffc71954344b710acb1b4bac484/view)