---
layout: default
title: Synopsis Overhaul of the Pumping Unit, Hydraulic
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: df5ee250e0f54457b1cbe83295346f1a
---

# Synopsis Overhaul of the Pumping Unit, Hydraulic

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 11:35:47.909-04
- Solicitation Number: W58RGZ26B0007

## Summary

SYNOPSIS ACTION CODE: Pre-Solicitation Notice DATE: 25 MAR YEAR: 2026 CONTRACTING OFFICE ZIP CODE: 35898-5820 Product or Service Code: 4320 Contracting Office Address: U.S. Army Aviation and Missile Command (W58RGZ) ATTN: CCAM-ALB, Building 5303, Martin Road Redstone Arsenal, AL 35898-5280 (US) SUBJECT: PUMPING UNIT, HYDRAULIC for the (UH-60) Blackhawk SOLICITATION NUMBER: W58RGZ-26-B-0007 SET-ASIDE CODE: N/A RESPONSE DATE: 15 days from posting. Contracting Officer: Edward A. Peterson, email:edward.a.peterson4.civ@army.mil PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: TBD Set-Aside Status: NA DESCRIPTION: The contractor shall furnish all labor, facilities, parts, materials, equipment, tools and data (other than Government Furnished Property), necessary to accomplish the overhaul of the following assets: INPUT NSN: 4320-01-147-2150 INPUT P/N: 70652-02950-105 OUTPUT NSN: 4320-01-147-2150 OUTPUT P/N: 70652-02950-105 ESTIMATED QUANTITY RANGE: Minimum 36 each – Maximum 216 each (Maximum includes a Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Quantity of 36 each) The proposed contractual action will be a Five (5) year, Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Maintenance and Overhaul type contract, with minimum/maximum quantities listed above. These items are non- commercial; FAR Part 12 will not be utilized. Required delivery shall be FOB Origin. This procurement will be solicited as a Full and Open competitive requirement. 1. The U.S. Army Contracting Command – Redstone Arsenal (ACC-RSA) will issue an Invitation for Bid (IFB) for the overhaul of the PUMPING UNIT, HYDRAULIC. All work shall be completed in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW). The Government does not have a Depot Maintenance Work Requirement (DMWR) for the proposed solicitation. The IFB will be issued as a Full and Open Competitive action using the Two-Step Sealed Bidding Method. It is anticipated that a single Firm-fixed Price (FFP) type contract will be awarded to the responsive, responsible bidder. Only bids based upon technical proposals determined to be acceptable, either initially or as a result of discussions, will be considered further for award into Step-Two. Each bid in the second step must be based on the bidder’s own technical proposal. Bidders shall submit bids that are acceptable without additional explanation or information. The Government may make a final determination regarding a technical proposal’s acceptability solely based on the bid as submitted. The Government may proceed with Step-Two without requesting further information from any bidder. A notice of unacceptability will be forwarded to the Bidder upon completion of the technical proposal evaluation and final determination of unacceptability. 2. Technical proposals shall not include prices or pricing information. 3. If a bidder is approved to move to step 2, bidders shall ensure submission of fully complete bids, including all fill-in-the blanks. Any bidder submitting a bid agrees by submission that its bid and the prices contained therein will be valid for 60 days after receipt of bids. Only bids based upon technical proposals determined to be acceptable, either initially or as a result of discussions, will be considered for awards, and each bid in the second step must be based on the bidder’s own technical proposals. Technical acceptability will be determined by the bidder’s full and complete response to the following questions. Incomplete response or response which does not fully address the question shall be considered as unanswered or no response. A. Has your company ever conducted a repair/overhaul or manufacture of the PUMPING UNIT, HYDRAULIC for the UH-60? If not, has your company performed repair on the same, or like item in the past? B. If yes, when, for how long, in what quantity, and what specific item? If it was under a military contract, what is the contract number? C. Who was the Primary Contracting Officer? Please provide his or her name, organization, and contact information. D. Please provide contact information for the Defense contract management Agency (DCMA) that served as your administrative contracting officer. E. Describe the following in the amount of detail necessary: Does your company have overhaul and replacement capability? Does your company have a documented quality plan/process? Please provide the following details regarding your company’s quality plan. Calibration program Continues improvement/self-audits program Non-conformance parts & quality escapes Parts obsolescence Periodic training/certification/recertification program Certification/release of test stand/equipment for production Traceability of repair & maintenance performed, records keeping program What are the required minimal qualifications and specialized skills of a technician? Describe experience in repairing hydraulic systems. Do you have paint removal capabilities? Do you have corrosion repair/prevention/application capability? Do you have painting and minor touch-up capability? Do you have repair capability for minor surface defects such as nicks, scratches on housing/enclosure? F. Do you have facilities, special tools and equipment as follows: Overhaul facility equipped with environmental controls of temperature, humidity, and adequate ventilation to vent hazardous fumes? Equipment, documentation, and procedure to fully support an IUID (Item Unique Identifier) program? Adequate workbench with access to standard shop tools? Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) test stand/equipment, or certified equivalent for Acceptance Test Procedure (ATP)? *NOTE* For certified equivalent, be prepared to provide procedure and data establishing equivalency. G. Do you have an overhaul plan for the subject or like item? If yes, are you willing to submit a copy for evaluation? The plan must contain instructions, procedures covering the following major categories, and sample run sheet(s), at a minimum: Receiving inspection instructions. Pre-test/Pre-shop analysis instructions. Disassembly instructions. Cleaning instructions. Overhaul Inspection Requirements (OIP). Repair and replacement instructions. Assembly instructions. Final Test instructions. Primer, paint, coating, and or corrosion protection instructions Packaging, marking and shipping instructions. *NOTE* A routing document or shop traveler is NOT an acceptable substitution for an overhaul plan. H. Can your company acquire all necessary parts, tooling and materials to complete an overhaul? I. If you have worked with Sikorsky, Cage 78286 for the subject item, or one of its approved suppliers, provide a copy of a completed, showing item receipt, purchase order for the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), or approved supplier, parts, or materials. J. Do you possess any OEM data or drawings of this item, including Acceptance Test Procedure (ATP), Maintenance and Overhaul Procedures/Instructions, or Commercial Maintenance Manual (CMM)? Is it complete or partial? If yes to possession of complete or partial OEM Data or Drawings, how did your company acquire the rights to the data or drawings? Please provide your license or certificate to substantiate this. K. Provide a copy of the purchase order, or other evidence that you have the rights to the data or drawings in your possession. Offerors should submit proposals that are acceptable without additional explanation or information, The Government may make a final determination regarding a proposal’s acceptability solely on the basis of the proposal as submitted; and may proceed with the second step without requesting further information from any offeror. However, the Government may request additional information from offerors of proposals that it considers reasonably susceptible of being made acceptable and may discuss proposals with their offerors. A notice of unacceptability will be forwarded to the offeror upon completion of the proposal evaluation and final determination of unacceptability. Only one technical proposal may be submitted by each offeror. No telephone requests for the solicitation will be accepted. The technical submission piece of the solicitation, (step 1) will be posted on SAM.gov | Home. The pricing piece of the solicitation (step 2) will not be posted on SAM.gov | Home and will only be provided to the contractors who pass the technical submission piece of the solicitation. Requests for the solicitation shall not be responded to. This requirement is currently unfunded. Award will be withheld pending receipt of sufficient funds. The closing date annotated is an estimated date and may be adjusted dependent upon the date of release of the solicitation; however, the solicitation will not close prior to the closing date stated above.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Colby Stewart
  - Email: colby.a.stewart2.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5206748077
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Edward A. Peterson
  - Email: edward.a.peterson4.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5206748710

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/df5ee250e0f54457b1cbe83295346f1a/view)