---
layout: default
title: Mud Mountain Dam Fish Passage Facility Mini Spider Crane
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 013965740754400f84060f1afcb57152
---

# Mud Mountain Dam Fish Passage Facility Mini Spider Crane

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 18:00:10.716-04
- Solicitation Number: W912DW26QA030

## Summary

SOLICITATION UPDATED TO UPDATE NAICS to 333120 and OFFER DUE DATE UPDATED TO 03 APRIL 2026 NLT 1100 PURCHASE DESCRIPTION Spider Crane for Mud Mountain Dam Fish Passage Facility DESCRIPTION OF PURCHASE: Supply a spider type crane and listed attachment that meet the specifications of this document, all Federal, State and Local regulations and all applicable industry standards. LOCATION: Mud Mountain Dam (MMD) Fish Passage Facility is in Southeast King County on the White River. The physical address for the MMD Fish Passage Facility is 25305 SE Mud Mountain RD, Enumclaw, WA 98022. For site location, see Image 1 of this document. 1. PURPOSE: A spider type crane is required for inspection, maintenance and repair of the fish passage facility. The crane may be positioned on top of the bridge deck to transport material to spaces below and positioned in the presort and crowding pools to move materials for their maintenance and repair. An aerial platform attachment is required to access elevated locations for inspection, maintenance and repair. GENERAL REQUIRMENTS: 1. Items purchased under this contract will be delivered to the location identified in Section 2 of this document. Delivery of equipment must occur during the normal facility operating hours of 7:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. Monday through Friday. The staff shall be notified at a minimum 5 business days prior to the delivery occurring. The number for the Dam is 206-764-3514. The POCs for the delivery is Casey Butcher. No delivery shall occur on Federal Holidays. 2. Materials will be inspected at the delivery point prior to acceptance. Contractor shall be responsible for maintaining the product’s condition as specified until the point of acceptance. New equipment only; no remanufactured or “gray market” items. 3. One year warranty must be provided against any product malfunctions and defects in material or workmanship that affects the performance of the product. 4. Manufacturers’ extended warranties to the Government. 5. One day of onsite, 8 hours, hands on training must be provided for the operation of the crane and attachments. 6. Three copies of parts and service manuals for all operating machinery including any accessories/attachments not supplied by crane manufacture. ITEMS TO SUPPLIED: 1. Base Item 0001 –Provide a self-propelled track mounted mini-crawler crane with “spider” type articulated outrigger legs. Performance: Lifting capacity at least 6,400 lbs Tip height at least 30 ft Retracted boom length less than 8.5 ft Minimum working radius of less than 2 ft Maximum working radius of at least 27 ft Capable of 360-degree continuous rotation Four articulated outriggers Collapsed width of 2.5 ft or less Maximum weight 4,600 lbs Capable of climbing hills of 18% grade Propelled by rubber tracked crawlers Power and control: Electric powered Equipped with AGM batteries and capable of travelling for at least 30 minutes on battery power Capable of operation when powered through an 110V electric cable at least 90 ft long Capable of control through wireless radio remote Hoisting and safety: Anti-two-block system Emergency stop button Overwinding autostop Automatic winch brake Overturn monitoring system Base Item 0002 – The following attachment must be supplied along with the crane. Contractor must supply and provide instruction for installation and operation. Aerial platform: Pins to tip of boom, not hung from wire Gravity hung and self leveling Maximum capacity 300 lbs 360 degree rotation DELIVERY DATE: Contractor must deliver the crane and attachment to the MMD Fish Passage Facility within 2 months of receipt of order. Delivery must be made between the hours of 7am-3pm, Monday-Friday. Contact facility one week in advance to schedule delivery. POINTS OF CONTACT: Delivery – Casey Butcher U.S. Army Corps of Engineers 25305 SE Mud Mountain RD Enumclaw, WA 98022 Phone: (206) 316-3024, (206) 764-3514 Casey.J.Butcher@usace.army.mil Project Manager – Michael Diddams U.S. Army Corps of Engineers 30525 SE Mud Mountain Rd Enumclaw WA 98022-8010 (206) 966-9974 Michael.A.Diddams@usace.army.mil

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Della S. Overton
  - Email: della.s.overton@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2067646170
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Shemekia McMillan
  - Email: Shemekia.R.Mcmillan@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2067646170

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: meet the specifications of this document, all Federal, State and Local regulations and all applicable industry standards. LOCATION: Mud Mountain Dam (MMD) Fish Passage Facility is in Southeast King County on the White River. The physical address for the MMD Fish Passage Facility is 25305 SE Mud Mountain RD, Enumclaw, WA 98022. For site location, see Image 1 of this document. 1. PURPOSE: A spider type crane is required for inspection, maintenance and repair of the fish passage facility. The crane may be positioned on top of the bridge deck to transport material to spaces below and positioned in the presort and crowding pools to move materials for their maintenance and repair. An aerial platform attachment is required to access elevated locations for inspection, maintenance and repair. GENERAL REQUIRMENTS: 1. Items purchased under this contract will be delivered to the location identified in Section 2 of this document. Delivery of equipment must occur during the normal facility operating hours of 7:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. Monday through Friday. The staff shall be notified at a minimum 5 business days prior to the delivery occurring. The number for the Dam is 206-764-3514. The POCs for the delivery is Casey Butcher. No delivery shall occur on Federal Holidays. 2. Materials will be inspected at the delivery point prior to acceptance. Contractor shall be responsible for maintaining the product’s condition as specified until the point of acceptance. New equipment only; no remanufactured or “gray market” items. 3. One year warranty must be provided against any product malfunctions and defects in material or workmanship that affects the performance of the product. 4. Manufacturers’ extended warranties to the Government. 5. One day of onsite, 8 hours, hands on training must be provided for the operation of the crane and attachments. 6. Three copies of parts and service manuals for all operating machinery including any accessories/attachments not supplied by crane manufacture. ITEMS TO SUPPLIED: 1. Base Item 0001 –Provide a self-propelled track mounted mini-crawler crane with “spider” type articulated outrigger legs. Performance: Lifting capacity at least 6,400 lbs Tip height at least 30 ft Retracted boom length less than 8.5 ft Minimum working radius of less than 2 ft Maximum working radius of at least 27 ft Capable of 360-degree continuous rotation Four articulated outriggers Collapsed width of 2.5 ft or less Maximum weight 4,600 lbs Capable of climbing hills of 18% grade Propelled by rubber tracked crawlers Power and control: Electric powered Equipped with AGM batteries and capable of travelling for at least 30 minutes on battery power Capable of operation when powered through an 110V electric cable at least 90 ft long Capable of control through wireless radio remote Hoisting and safety: Anti-two-block system Emergency stop button Overwinding autostop Automatic winch brake Overturn monitoring system Base Item 0002 – The following attachment must be supplied along with the crane. Contractor must supply and provide instruction for installation and operation. Aerial platform: Pins to tip of boom, not hung from wire Gravity hung and self leveling Maximum capacity 300 lbs 360 degree rotation DELIVERY DATE: Contractor must deliver the crane and attachment to the MMD Fish Passage Facility within 2 months of receipt of order. Delivery must be made between the hours of 7am-3pm, Monday-Friday. Contact facility one week in advance to schedule delivery. POINTS OF CONTACT: Delivery – Casey Butcher U.S. Army Corps of Engineers 25305 SE Mud Mountain RD Enumclaw, WA 98022 Phone: (206) 316-3024, (206) 764-3514 Casey.J.Butcher@usace.army.mil Project Manager – Michael Diddams U.S. Army Corps of Engineers 30525 SE Mud Mountain Rd Enumclaw WA 98022-8010 (206) 966-9974 Michael.A.Diddams@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/013965740754400f84060f1afcb57152/view)