---
layout: default
title: S205--Trash Removal and Recycling Services Grand Junction VA Medical Center
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 9c7a4ba3058c45beb098f6f35ae9744b
---

# S205--Trash Removal and Recycling Services Grand Junction VA Medical Center

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 16:46:27.2-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0261
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Amendment 001 to Solicitation #36C25926Q0261 (Trash Removal and Recycling Services) This amendment s purpose is to: 1. add a line item previously not included in the original solicitation, 2. extend the deadline for quotes and, 3. list and answer the questions submitted by the questions deadline as specified in the solicitation. Line item 0002 is hereby added to the solicitation for the monthly rental of an 8-yard compactor (including costs of installation and removal of compactor.) **quotes should include this line item in ALL subsequent option years. Line Item Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 0001 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1) 8-yard Compactor (3x/week + 12 additional; estimated) 168 JB $ $ 0002 Monthly 8-yeard Compactor Rental 12 MO 0003 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: two (2), 8-yarder Trash Bin Containers (2x/week) 104 JB 0004 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1), 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster (2x/month + 6 additional; estimated) 30 JB 0005 Disposal Fee per Ton (for 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster) Approx. four (4) tons per haul; up to 30 hauls per year 120 EA 0006 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: twelve (12), 96-gallon Recycling Carts (1x/week) 52 JB 0007 Monthly Baler Rental with Baled Cardboard Pick-ups (1x/every 2 weeks) 12 MO 0008 Recycling of Wooden Pallets (2x/month) 24 JB Total of Base Year $ Line Item Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 1001 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1) 8-yard Compactor (3x/week + 12 additional; estimated) 168 JB $ $ 1002 Monthly 8-yeard Compactor Rental 12 MO 1003 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: two (2), 8-yarder Trash Bin Containers (2x/week) 104 JB 1004 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1), 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster (2x/month + 6 additional; estimated) 30 JB 1005 Disposal Fee per Ton (for 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster) Approx. four (4) tons per haul; up to 30 hauls per year 120 EA 1006 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: twelve (12), 96-gallon Recycling Carts (1x/week) 52 JB 1007 Monthly Baler Rental with Baled Cardboard Pick-ups (1x/every 2 weeks) 12 MO 1008 Recycling of Wooden Pallets (2x/month) 24 JB Total of Base Year $ Line Item Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 2001 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1) 8-yard Compactor (3x/week + 12 additional; estimated) 168 JB $ $ 2002 Monthly 8-yeard Compactor Rental 12 MO 2003 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: two (2), 8-yarder Trash Bin Containers (2x/week) 104 JB 2004 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1), 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster (2x/month + 6 additional; estimated) 30 JB 2005 Disposal Fee per Ton (for 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster) Approx. four (4) tons per haul; up to 30 hauls per year 120 EA 2006 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: twelve (12), 96-gallon Recycling Carts (1x/week) 52 JB 2007 Monthly Baler Rental with Baled Cardboard Pick-ups (1x/every 2 weeks) 12 MO 2008 Recycling of Wooden Pallets (2x/month) 24 JB Total of Base Year $ Line Item Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 3001 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1) 8-yard Compactor (3x/week + 12 additional; estimated) 168 JB $ $ 3002 Monthly 8-yeard Compactor Rental 12 MO 3003 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: two (2), 8-yarder Trash Bin Containers (2x/week) 104 JB 3004 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1), 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster (2x/month + 6 additional; estimated) 30 JB 3005 Disposal Fee per Ton (for 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster) Approx. four (4) tons per haul; up to 30 hauls per year 120 EA 3006 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: twelve (12), 96-gallon Recycling Carts (1x/week) 52 JB 3007 Monthly Baler Rental with Baled Cardboard Pick-ups (1x/every 2 weeks) 12 MO 3008 Recycling of Wooden Pallets (2x/month) 24 JB Total of Base Year $ Line Item Description Qty Unit of Measure Unit Price Total Price 4001 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1) 8-yard Compactor (3x/week + 12 additional; estimated) 168 JB $ $ 4002 Monthly 8-yeard Compactor Rental 12 MO 4003 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: two (2), 8-yarder Trash Bin Containers (2x/week) 104 JB 4004 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: one (1), 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster (2x/month + 6 additional; estimated) 30 JB 4005 Disposal Fee per Ton (for 30-yard Roll Off Dumpster) Approx. four (4) tons per haul; up to 30 hauls per year 120 EA 4006 Waste/Trash Removal from QTY: twelve (12), 96-gallon Recycling Carts (1x/week) 52 JB 4007 Monthly Baler Rental with Baled Cardboard Pick-ups (1x/every 2 weeks) 12 MO 4008 Recycling of Wooden Pallets (2x/month) 24 JB Total of Base Year $ From the Statement of Work section: REQUIREMENTS: Contractor shall provide containers and services as listed below: One (1), eight (8) yard compactor emptied three (3x) times per week (an additional 12 pickups/hauls/jobs added in case of unanticipated increased need throughout the year, as needed).Â The services shall be completed on the agreed upon schedule of three (3) pickups per week on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. The trash compactor must be provided by the vendor at monthly rental fee. Costs for installation and removal should be included in the rate. The compactor shall be bolted to the ground and include a detachable container for dumping solid waste only. A new replacement container for the compactor shall be provided by the Contractor twice per year approx.. every 6 months. The Contractor shall power wash the cement prior to the replacement of the new container for the compactor Due to the addition of a line item (0002) for monthly rental of a compactor, the deadline for quotes is hereby extended from 12pm MST on March 24th to 12pm MST on March 27th. Questions and Answers: The RFQ requires 2 pallet pickups per month. Can the VA provide any historical or estimated data on the average number of pallets per pickup, total annual pallets, or typical volume/weight per haul?Â The average pallet accumulation per week on the high end is estimated at 12 each.Â To note: medical, administrative, cleaning supplies, equipment deliveries, Prosthetics, etc. may change and drive the number from time to time.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â For the 8-yard compactor and 30-yard roll-off are the additional quantities included in the firm-fixed quote,Â or are they subject to separate billing/contract modification if exceeded? If exceeded, would any additional pickups be at the same unit rate?:Â The additional jobs (12 additional for the compactor; 6 additional for 30-yard) were added in order to provide flexibility based on the needs of the facility throughout the year. The awarded vendor should anticipate completing jobs based on the regular frequency stated in the SOW but understand that the facility will likely reach out for additional pickups throughout the year as needed. The vendor should notify the facility, in advance, if they will exceed the allotted number of pickups for the year. In that case, a modification will be discussed and can be issued for additional pickups. The modification MUST occur prior to the new additional pickups being executed. The monthly rate should consider revenue from recycled baled cardboard. Can the VA provide any historical estimates for baled cardboard volume, weight, or tons per bi-weekly pickup to help accurately factor this?:Â The facility doesn t have the capability for weight measurement on baled cardboard. The average is one bale every two weeks.Â Â Disposal Fee per Ton (Line 0004/1004/etc.) The line item is "Disposal Fee per Ton" with quantity 120 EA and notes approx. 4 tons per haul (up to 30 hauls/year). Should the offer quote a per-ton rate, or a flat rate per haul assuming 4 tons? If a haul exceeds 4 tons, is the overage billable at the quoted per-ton rate?:Â Per ton rate, as there few variables that could drive the weight during the pick-up i.e. pallet weight vs. old system furniture, weather/rain/snow could be a potential factor, etc. The quantity of 120 tons over a one-year period should be sufficient while allowing flexibility for heavier/lighter pick up. The vendor may only invoice, in arrears, for the actual amount of tons picked up during that month. A discussion between the vendor and Contracting Officer and facility should be had to determine if a modification is needed to add a higher quantity as needed. For monthly invoicing in arrears, what documentation is required for actual tons (e.g., weigh tickets) on the 30-yard roll-off disposal fees, or for any unscheduled additional pickups?Â All pertinent charges (i.e. weigh in ticket, etc.) should be included during monthly invoicing. The vendor is responsible for ensuring and certifying their invoice is accurate in the system when submitting their invoice each month. The invoices should be broken down into each of the line items included in that period of performance so the facility can easily verify all costs are in line with the agreed upon rates in the contract. Are the compactor and baler self-contained? Both are bolted (stationary) to the ground with a detachable container for dumping (Compactor only/8-yarder) and for solid waste only not packaging nor dry recyclables What are the dimensions of the current compactor? Current cardboard baler? Compactor: 91 (W) x 81 (L) x 120 (H) Baler: 81 (W) x Â 56 (L) x 102 (H).Â The hydraulic Cylinder stand at 48 Current layout for compactor (right) and baler (left): Baler: Compactor:

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Stephanie Cahill
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Stephanie.Cahill@va.gov
  - Phone: *Email preferred*

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9c7a4ba3058c45beb098f6f35ae9744b/view)