---
layout: default
title: Repair Indicator, Blade
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: ad61bc875da9496684bc8192350694bc
---

# Repair Indicator, Blade

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-08 13:42:59.833-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z03826QJ0000100

## Summary

A00003 - The response date for this contract opportunity has been extended until April 10, 2026 at 2:00 PM EDT. A00002 - The response date for this contract opportunity has been extended until April 8, 2026 at 2:00 PM EDT. A00001 - The response date for this contract opportunity has been extended until April 6, 2026 at 2:00 PM EDT; An error on Attachment 1 - Schedule - 70Z03826QJ0000100 has been corrected from quantity of eight (8) to a quantity of ten (10) requested for repair. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.201, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 70Z03826QJ0000100 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect as of November 28, 2025, IAW the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO). The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 488190. The small business size standard is $40 million. This is an unrestricted requirement. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the agency. It is anticipated that a firm-fixed price purchase order will be awarded for repair of Blade, Indicator on a competitive basis as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. Pricing should be provided on Attachment 1 – Schedule-70Z03826QJ0000100. At the time of award, the United States Coast Guard (USCG) intends to have ten (10) repairs completed for the components specified in the schedule. The USCG may require ten (10) additional components repaired for a maximum quantity of twenty (20) components repaired at the same price and same turnaround time as the original order, for up to three hundred and sixty-five (365) days after the initial award date. ****Please note that if the USCG chooses to exercise any optional quantity modifications, such modifications will be issued unilaterally to the contractor. Concerns that have the expertise and required capabilities to repair this item are invited to submit offers in accordance with the requirements stipulated in this solicitation. Parts must be approved in accordance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) guidelines to ensure safety of our aircrew. The Government shall ensure all procurements are awarded without jeopardizing quality or safety of flight. Only the use of airworthy commercial specifications or standard military specifications/military standard parts will be utilized and approved from this solicitation. Items will only be repaired by sources able to provide a certificate of airworthiness, FAA 8130 (preferred) or equivalent European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) Certification, or a certificate of conformance (COC) and traceability to the OEM. The contractor shall furnish a COC in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.246-15. COC must be submitted in the format specified in the clause. Offerors must be able to provide necessary certification including traceability to the manufacturer, manufacturer's COC and its own certificate of conformance. NOTE: NO DRAWINGS, SPECIFICATIONS OR SCHEMATICS ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS AGENCY. Please carefully review the following attachments for additional information and requirements: ATTACHMENT 1-“SCHEDULE-70Z03826QJ0000100” ATTACHMENT 2–“STATEMENT OF WORK-70Z03826QJ0000100” ATTACHMENT 3 -“TERMS AND CONDITIONS – 70Z03826QJ0000100” FOR APPLICABLE CLAUSES, INSTRUCTIONS AND EVALUATION CRITERIA ATTACHMENT 4 -“WAGE DETERMINATION CONNECTICUT-70Z03826QJ0000100” ATTACHMENT 5 -“WAGE DETERMINATION NEW YORK-70Z03826QJ0000100” ATTACHMENT 6 -“WAGE DETERMINATION FLORIDA-70Z03826QJ0000100” ATTACHMENT 7 -“WAGE DETERMINATION ARIZONA-70Z03826QJ0000100” Closing date and time for receipt of offers is 4/10/2026 at 2:00PM Eastern Daylight Time. Anticipated award date is on or about 4/14/2026. E-mail quotations may be sent to Julie.G.Lininger@uscg.mil and MRR-PROCUREMENT@uscg.mil. Please indicate 70Z03826QJ0000100 in subject line.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Julie Lininger
  - Email: julie.g.lininger@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: MRR Procurement Mailbox
  - Email: mrr-procurement@uscg.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Schedule - 70Z03826QJ0000100 has been corrected from quantity of eight (8) to a quantity of ten (10) requested for repair. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.201, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 70Z03826QJ0000100 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect as of November 28, 2025, IAW the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO). The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 488190. The small business size standard is $40 million. This is an unrestricted requirement. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the agency. It is anticipated that a firm-fixed price purchase order will be awarded for repair of Blade, Indicator on a competitive basis as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. Pricing should be provided on Attachment 1 – Schedule-70Z03826QJ0000100. At the time of award, the United States Coast Guard (USCG) intends to have ten (10) repairs completed for the components specified in the schedule. The USCG may require ten (10) additional components repaired for a maximum quantity of twenty (20) components repaired at the same price and same turnaround time as the original order, for up to three hundred and sixty-five (365) days after the initial award date. ****Please note that if the USCG chooses to exercise any optional quantity modifications, such modifications will be issued unilaterally to the contractor. Concerns that have the expertise and required capabilities to repair this item are invited to submit offers in accordance with the requirements stipulated in this solicitation. Parts must be approved in accordance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) guidelines to ensure safety of our aircrew. The Government shall ensure all procurements are awarded without jeopardizing quality or safety of flight. Only the use of airworthy commercial specifications or standard military specifications/military standard parts will be utilized and approved from this solicitation. Items will only be repaired by sources able to provide a certificate of airworthiness, FAA 8130 (preferred) or equivalent European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) Certification, or a certificate of conformance (COC) and traceability to the OEM. The contractor shall furnish a COC in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.246-15. COC must be submitted in the format specified in the clause. Offerors must be able to provide necessary certification including traceability to the manufacturer, manufacturer"s COC and its own certificate of conformance. NOTE: NO DRAWINGS, SPECIFICATIONS OR SCHEMATICS ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS AGENCY. Please carefully review the following attachments for additional information and requirements: ATTACHMENT 1-“SCHEDULE-70Z03826QJ0000100” ATTACHMENT 2–“STATEMENT OF WORK-70Z03826QJ0000100” ATTACHMENT 3 -“TERMS AND CONDITIONS – 70Z03826QJ0000100” FOR APPLICABLE CLAUSES, INSTRUCTIONS AND EVALUATION CRITERIA ATTACHMENT 4 -“WAGE DETERMINATION CONNECTICUT-70Z03826QJ0000100” ATTACHMENT 5 -“WAGE DETERMINATION NEW YORK-70Z03826QJ0000100” ATTACHMENT 6 -“WAGE DETERMINATION FLORIDA-70Z03826QJ0000100” ATTACHMENT 7 -“WAGE DETERMINATION ARIZONA-70Z03826QJ0000100” Closing date and time for receipt of offers is 4/10/2026 at 2:00PM Eastern Daylight Time. Anticipated award date is on or about 4/14/2026. E-mail quotations may be sent to Julie.G.Lininger@uscg.mil and MRR-PROCUREMENT@uscg.mil. Please indicate 70Z03826QJ0000100 in subject line

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ad61bc875da9496684bc8192350694bc/view)