---
layout: default
title: Base Operations (BASEOPs) Fort Benning, Georgia and Alabama
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: df24cf355fc4412da2b3d571b2df5e26
---

# Base Operations (BASEOPs) Fort Benning, Georgia and Alabama

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-02 11:24:11.495-04
- Solicitation Number: W5168W25RA016

## Summary

Update 009: 02 April 2026: The solicitation is anticipated to be released within the next 30 to 60 days, to include the site visit information. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED Update 008: 11 March 2026: The solicitation release is anticipated to be posted in March 2026. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED Update 007: 03 February 2026: The solicitation release is anticipated to be posted in March 2026. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED Update 006: 05 January 2026: The solicitation release is anticipated to be posted in February 2026. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED Update 005: 24 November 2025: The solicitation release is anticipated to be posted in February 2026. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED Update 004: 4 September 2025: The solicitation release is anticipated to be posted in 30-60 days. Note: NO RESPONSE REQUESTED OR REQUIRED Update 003: August 1, 2025. The anticipated timeline for solicitation release is September 2025. No responses are required or requested. This is an update only. Update 002: June 2, 2025. The anticipated timeline for solicitation release is currently July, 2025. Update 001: May 7, 2025. The anticipated timeline for solicitation release is currently July, 2025. SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE Base Operation Support Services This is a Sources Sought Notice (SSN) ONLY. The United States (U.S.) Government desires to procure base operations (BASEOPs) support services at the U.S. Army Garrison Fort Benning, Georgia, and Alabama to identify their capabilities in meeting the requirement at a fair market price. This notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes – it does not constitute a Request for Quotation (RFQ), Invitation for Bid (IFB), or Request for Proposal (RFP) or a promise to issue an RFQ, IFB or RFP in the future. This notice does not commit the U.S. Government to contract for any supply or service. Further, the U.S. Government is not seeking quotes, bids or proposals at this time and will not accept unsolicited proposals in response to this sources sought notice. The U.S. Government will not pay for any information or administrative costs incurred in response to this notice. Submittals will not be returned to the responder. Not responding to this notice does not preclude participation in any future RFQ, IFB, or RFP, if any is issued. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on the Government wide Point of Entry (GPE). It is the responsibility of potential offerors to monitor the GPE for additional information pertaining to this requirement. The GPE is located at https://sam.gov. BACKGROUND: A continuing need is anticipated for base operations support services at the U.S. Army Garrison Fort Benning, Georgia, and Alabama. Attached you will find the draft Performance Work Statement (PWS). The Government previously contracted for these services under contract W911SF19C0024. There is a bridge in place under W911SF25CA004. The previous source selection synopsis was under Notice ID W5168W23R0012 which will no longer be updated and has been replaced by Notice ID W5168W25RA016. The contractor shall provide quality base operation non-Personal support services with flexible, efficient, and cost-effective service, which is performance based. The Contractor shall determine the best and most cost-effective ways to fulfill Facilities Maintenance Instruction, Grounds Maintenance, Vertical Facilities Maintenance, Horizontal Facilities Maintenance, Cemetery Operations, and Heating and Cooling services, Wastewater services. Water services, and their component needs, emphasizing innovation and commercial best practices. The NAICS code assigned to this acquisition is 561210, Facilities Support Services, with a corresponding size standard of $47M. The Contractor shall provide all supervision, labor, personnel, equipment, materials, and supplies, except for Government Furnished Property (GFP), to perform activities that comprise base operations support services. PURPOSE OF THIS SOURCES SOUGHT: To request information on capabilities of potential offerors to provide the services described in this document and the PWS attached. Electronic submissions only: Responses are due no later than 12:00pm CST on 16 April 2025 to facilitate planning and ensure maximum consideration. The email attachments cannot exceed 9 megabytes (MB) due to the Government’s email system restrictions. DO NOT SEND ZIPPED files as the Government’s network will remove all zipped files. Interested businesses should provide a brief capability statement package (limited to no more than 30 pages, single spaced, and 12 font size minimum) demonstrating specific capability in reference to this requirement. The Government prefers that your firm submits its response in Microsoft Word, Adobe Acrobat, or a combination of the two and the document(s) must be searchable. Include: Whether the experience has been as a prime contractor or subcontractor on similar requirements (include the services provided, the number of facilities involved, and any other relevant information you deem applicable). Email the capability package to: Jonathon Hecker– Contract Specialist at email: Jonathon.r.hecker.civ@army.mil and Samuel Colton - Contracting Officer at email: samuel.j.colton.civ@army.mil. The email subject line should include: The Firm’s Name, “Response to the Sources Sought Notice for BASOPS Fort Benning, Georgia, and Alabama, W5168W25R0001. **Note: the location(s) that you are responding to must be identified on the subject line. In response to this sources sought, please provide: 1. A company’s profile must include: The name of the firm, point of contact, phone number, email address, number of employees, annual revenue history, CAGE code, and DUNs number. Respondents must also indicate small business certification status for example, Small Business (SB), Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB), 8(a), Economically Disadvantaged Woman Owned SB (EDWOSB), WOSB, HUBZone, or Service-Disabled Veteran Owned SB (SDVOSB). 2. Respond to: What fundamental tasks you believe need to be performed to successfully accomplish the base operation support services? In essence, what primary tasks should be used for determining minimum capability to provide these services? 3. Whether your firm is interested in competing for this requirement as a prime contractor. If you are subcontracting any of the services out, contemplating a Joint Venture, and/or creating a teaming arrangement, please provide the name of these companies and what work they will be performing, if available. Please provide your company’s specific experience in base operation support services and providing comparable services. Ensure the information is in sufficiently detailed regarding previous experience in managing base operation support services (indicate whether the experience has been as a prime contractor or subcontractor) on similar requirements (include the services provided, the number of facilities involved, and any other relevant information you deem applicable). If applicable, please provide the same experience information from any subcontracts, Joint Venture, and/or teaming partners you may propose with. 4. What percentage of work will be performed by the small business prime contractor and all similarly situated entity subcontractors? Note: In accordance with FAR 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (Oct 2022). 5. Type(s)/certifications(s) of proposed subcontractors (for example, SDB, 8(a), HUBZone, SDVOSB, or WOSB). 6. Information on the financial capacity of your business to meet financial obligations (i.e. payroll, payment of subcontractors, etc.). 7. How the Army can best structure these contract requirements to facilitate competition by and among small business concerns. 8. Identify any condition or action that may have the effect of unnecessarily restricting competition with respect to this acquisition. Please contact the MICC Advocate for Competition, Scott Kukes at email: scott.d.kukes.civ@mail.mil or 210-466-3015, if you believe that this action is unreasonably restricting competition. Include the subject of the acquisition, this announcement, and the MICC POC information from the notice on https://sam.gov. Provide the specific aspects that unreasonably restrict competition and the rationale for such conclusion. Revisions: Revision 001: Added a draft of TE A0001 - Real Propert Listing for Fort Benning and Camp Merrill to the attachments. Revision 002: Removed TE A0001 - No other attachments will be provided under this sources sought notice as the SOW is currently a draft.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jonathon Hecker
  - Email: jonathon.r.hecker.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Mike J. Vicory
  - Email: michael.j.vicory.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/df24cf355fc4412da2b3d571b2df5e26/view)