---
layout: default
title: 6515--Motorized Weight Cart for testing Patient Lifts
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 5153ea2444e14cda840c1fb0250d443c
---

# 6515--Motorized Weight Cart for testing Patient Lifts

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-14 12:42:55.494-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0555
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to obtain information regarding the availability and capability of all qualified sources to perform a potential requirement, and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Woman Owned Small Business, Small Business Manufacturers, and other Small Businesses, interested and capable of providing items requested, as well as any large business interested and capable. This REQUEST FOR INFORMATION/SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE in support of the VA Puget Sound Health Care System, is for market research purposes and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. Results will be used to determine set-aside. The intended contract is a firm-fixed price supply purchase. Potential contractors shall provide, at a minimum, the following information: 1) Company name, address, and point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, and SAM.gov UEI number/code. 2) Anticipated North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 339113. The largest a firm can be and still qualify as a small business for Federal Government programs is no more than 800 employees. Please indicate whether you are a Small Business, SDVOSB, VOSB, WOSB, Small Business Manufacturer, Other Small Business, or Large Business, and whether you are the manufacturer of the items listed below. 3) The Government is not obligated to nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this sources sought notice. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. Notice to Potential Offerors: All Offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System Award Management (SAM located on the web at www.sam.gov). It is desirable that any Offeror to have completed their business Online Representations and Certifications Application in the System for Award Management (SAM). 4) Any Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Businesses or Veteran Owned Businesses who respond to a solicitation on this project must be registered with the Small Business Administration VetCert Registry located at https://veterans.certify.sba.gov. 5) If not a manufacturer, only authorized representatives/providers/distributors of the manufacturer will be considered. Equipment must be new, no used or refurbished equipment accepted. Please provide a proof of authorized dealer or reseller letter from manufacturer. 6) If you are the manufacturer, do you have any designated or authorized distributors? If so, please provide their name, telephone, point of contact and size status (if available). 7) This is a brand name or equal requirement. As such, the salient characteristics reflect the physical, functional, or performance characteristics that equal products must meet to satisfy the Government s needs. To be considered for any potential solicitation, offers of equal products, including equal products of the brand name manufacturer, must: (a) Meet the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic of the brand name item and those specified in this sources sought; clearly identify the item by Brand name, if any and make/model number. (b) Include descriptive literature such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to descriptive data or information available that identifies that the equal item meets or exceeds the salient characteristics required by the Government. (c) Identify the manufacturer name (OEM) and manufacturer part number, as well as any warranty information. (d) Please provide a courtesy quote, applicable contract vehicle number, and whether items are on contract or open market, in response to this request to evaluate price reasonableness for any set-aside determination. It is the intent of the VA to use the information gathered for market research purposes only. If a formal solicitation is released, it will be posted via the Contracting Opportunities website located at beta.sam.gov. or GSA eBuy. DESCRIPTION OF THE REQUIREMENT: The Department of Veterans Affairs is looking to obtain information on vendors who can provide the products as outlined below. This is an Unrestricted/Open Market Brand Name or Equal To Request for Information/Sources Sought Notice. Delivery: VA Puget Sound Health Care System 1660 S Columbian Way Seattle, WA 98108 Items: Brand Name or Equal to IMMO Motorized Weight Cart System per the Salient Characteristics listed below: Description/Part Number* Qty Price Extended Amount IMMO WLT 550kg/1210lb IMMO 100902 1 IMMO Adjustment weights 25kg, 4x5 kg, 5x1 IMMO 101501 1 IMMO Portable Charger Station, Wall Mounted with extra battery IMMO 102255 1 IMMO WLT battery pack complete IMMO 101157 1 IMMO Strap and Connector Kit for IMMO weight carts IMMO 100613 1 Staff Training 1 TOTAL Â Â Background. The Biomedical Equipment Technicians at the Seattle VA Medical Center perform preventative and corrective maintenance actions on patient lifts to ensure they are safe for patient use. With a facility this size, the weight cart system allows for convenience and ease of use when testing various patient lifts. Current weight cart has a large footprint making it cumbersome to maneuver in rooms. Biomedical equipment technicians have to physically move weights in and out of the holder when making adjustments. The proposed new cart has selectors on the rack itself making it safer. The Model 550 Immo Weight Cart allows weight testing of up to 1,210 lbs. The desired equipment includes adjustment weights, a charger station, an extra battery pack, and a strap and connector kit. This system is a compact solution that allows biomed staff to ensure patient lifts are meeting VA Codes and Standards. SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS UL and CE approved Powe Drive to eliminate manual pushing Selectable weight to match capacity of the system Include battery and charger Must have up to 550kg/1210lb capacity Dimensions should be 31.5 wide X 26.4 deep X 47.2 inches high Motor and Drive 1200W Must have anti-tip feature Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 4 Page 1 of 4 *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 4 Page 1 of Page 1 of Page 1 of Additional information sought: Warranty Must have minimum 1 year warranty Place of manufacture Please provide the place of manufacture If your business is interested and capable, please send the capability statement outlined above, and a courtesy market research quote to Maureen.Sundstrom@va.gov by 10:00 AM PST on April 21, 2026. NO PHONE CALLS, PLEASE. Again, this is not a request for quote, and no solicitation is available at this time.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Maureen Sundstrom
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Maureen.Sundstrom@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5153ea2444e14cda840c1fb0250d443c/view)