---
layout: default
title: S208--Landscape and Decomposed Granite Project (VALLHCS) POP: 06/01/2026 - 05/31/2027
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 6ae5d73545f04134a0b70e442c7a4c85
---

# S208--Landscape and Decomposed Granite Project (VALLHCS) POP: 06/01/2026 - 05/31/2027

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 15:31:20.663-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0597
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. It is neither a solicitation announcement nor a request for proposals or quotes and does not obligate the Government to award a contract. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. Responses to this-- sources sought announcement must be in writing. The purpose of this sources sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential qualified Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses, Veteran Owned Small Businesses, 8(a), HubZone and other Small Businesses interested and capable of providing the services described below. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) company name (b) address (c) point of contact (d) phone, fax, and email (e) Unique Entity ID (f) Cage Code (g) Tax ID Number (h) Type of small business, e.g. Services Disabled Veteran Owned small Business, Veteran-owned small business, 8(a), HUBZone, Women Owned Small Business, Small disadvantaged business, or Small Business HUBZone business and (i) must provide a capability statement that addresses the organizations qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the work described below. The Loma Linda VA Health Care System (LLVAHCS) located at 11201 Benton St. Loma Linda, CA 92357 is seeking a potential qualified contractor that can provide: LANDSCAPE AND DECOMPOSED GRANITE PROJECT Important information: The Government is not obligated to/nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this sources sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. The VA is mandated by Public Law 109-461 to consider a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business set aside. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open competition may be determined. No sub-contracting opportunity is anticipated. The North American Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 561730 Landscaping Services. *******DRAFT*******DRAFT******DRAFT*******DRAFT******* D.1 STATEMENT OF WORK TITLE: VA Loma Linda Healthcare System s (VALLHCS) Landscape and Decomposed Granite Project BACKGROUND INFORMATION: The Facility Maintenance Services at VA Loma Linda Healthcare System (VALLHS) is dedicated to maintaining safe and fully functional buildings to support the delivery of high-quality care to veterans. Current upgrades include improving decomposed granite areas, planting new shrubs, and installing an advanced drip irrigation system. Additionally, a new sprinkler system with saturation graphs will be implemented to optimize water coverage accuracy and efficiency. PARTS and EQUIPMENT LIST: Granite and other Materials NAME QTY Decomposed Granite 50,000 sq ft Elite Plus Sodded Turf 100 sq ft 8 ft Wooden Tree Stakes 40 Arizona River Rock 2,400 sq ft Plants NAME Location QTY Crape Myrtle Shrubs -Purple Pond 3 2 Crape Myrtle Shrubs -Red Pond 3 2 Crape Myrtle Shrubs -Pink Pond 3 2 Muhlenbergia Rigens Pond 3 2 Loropetalum Chinese Flower Pond 3 2 Lantana Yellow Parking Lot Green 10 Lantana White Parking Lot Green 10 Lantana Purple Parking Lot Green 10 Lantana Orange Parking Lot Green 10 Little John Bottlebrush Pond 5 5 Indian Hawthorn Shrub Pond 5 5 Rosemary Bush Op Pharmacy Entrance and around the building 5 Rock Rose Shrub Op Pharmacy Entrance and around the building 5 Red Yucca Plant Op Pharmacy Entrance and around the building 5 Mexican Bird of Paradise Main entrance Benton St. 5 OBJECTIVES: This service contract requires a contractor to provide all labor, materials, equipment, supervision, and disposal necessary to perform comprehensive rehabilitation and enhancement of existing Stabilized decomposed granite (DG) landscape areas located throughout the VA Loma Linda Healthcare System campus. The total estimated project footprint is approximately 50,000 square feet, spanning the entire campus and multiple zones identified by VA Loma Linda. This project is a rehabilitation and refreshment of existing DG areas previously improved on the campus, combined with additional newly identified landscape zones requiring DG installation, irrigation adjustments, and planting enhancements. Work includes DG restoration, vegetation removal, soil preparation, DG placement, compaction, irrigation removal, installation, and repair. SCOPE: Contractors shall provide all labor, materials, tools, equipment, required parts, hardware, software, and supervision to conduct Decomposed Granite maintenance, removal, repair, and installation. Contractor shall provide report to Grounds Supervisor to update on the project maintenance, removal, repair, and installation. The contractor shall complete all tasks outlined in this Statement of Work and Manufacture Technical Manual for each piece of equipment list in Parts and Equipment List. Work shall include DG stabilized decomposed granite restoration, vegetation removal, soil preparation, DG stabilized decomposed granite placement, compaction, irrigation removal, installation, and repair. Vegetation and Soil Preparation Remove existing grass, shrubs, deteriorated DG, and organic material within designated work areas. Remove or cap irrigation components in areas receiving DG, as directed. Re-grade soil to ensure proper drainage and uniform elevations prior to DG placement. Install 100 sq ft of Sod Turf in areas designated by Grounds Supervisor. Remove 100 sq. ft. existing SOD. Prepare soil for SOD installation. Install 100 sq. ft. of new SOD. Adjust irrigation to ensure proper coverage. Irrigation System Modifications Contractors shall adjust, remove, or install irrigation components to support the updated layout. Install new irrigation lines, valves, or heads in areas receiving new plant material. Ensure irrigation does not overspray DG surfaces to preserve stability and longevity. Adjust all irrigation for the whole campus. Locations for new irrigation installations New Generator Yard on Loma Linda drive. Parking Structure. CLC Building. Plant Installation Contractor shall furnish and install eighty (80) 5-gallon shrubs, selected to match existing plantings and meet VA facility standards. New shrub Main Entrance Benton Street Mexican Bird of Paradise -5 Pond 3 Crape Myrtle shrubs Purple -2 Red -2 Pink -2 Muhlenbergia Rigens -2, Loropetalum Chinese Flower -2 Parking Lot Green Lantana Yellow - 10 White - 10 Purple - 10 Orange - 10 Pond 5 Little John Bottlebrush - 5 Indian Hawthorn shrub -5 Op Pharmacy Entrance and around the building Rosemary bush - 5 Rock Rose Shrub -5 Red Yucca Plant - 5 Verify irrigation coverage and functionality for all newly planted materials Arizona River Rock and Edging Installation 1. Install 2,400 sq ft of river rock walkway, shaping and grading as required. 2. Install 200 linear yards of bender board to create defined edgings around DG, rock, and planting zones. DG Rehabilitation and Installation Perform comprehensive DG restoration across existing areas to reestablish proper color consistency, compaction, and surface condition. Remove old DG and replace with stabilized decomposed granite (DG) Install new stabilized decomposed granite (DG) in additional areas identified on the plans, matching VA-designated color and type. Apply stabilized decomposed granite DG to a uniform depth, compact thoroughly, and water to specification. Project Reference Location Outside Service Bay 7 First Floor. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Location Outside Service Bay 5 First Floor. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Location Outside Main Entrance and Horseshoe First Floor. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove current rock and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove Dg and replace with new Arizona river rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier Remove Dg and replace with new Addition of stabilized decomposed granite (DG) Color Red 120 Sq. ft. Remove Dg and replace with new Addition of stabilized decomposed granite (DG) Color Red 120 Sq. ft. Install 1 retaining wall section (approx. 16 LF ×

0.4 FT height) Remove Dg and replace with new River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove Dg and replace with new Arizona River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove Dg and replace with new River rock and Replace the Plastic Bender-Board with Aluminum Bender board 6 . Install weed barrier. Location Near North Entrance First Floor. New Addition of Arizona River Rock and Check Irrigation. Install weed barrier. Location Behind and On the Side of Eye Clinic, Audiology, Cancer, and Valor Buildings. New Addition of Arizona River Rock New Addition of Aluminum Bender-Board 6 New Addition of Arizona River Rock and New Addition of Aluminum Bender-Board 6 New Addition of Arizona River Rock New Addition of Aluminum Bender-Board 6 New Addition of Arizona River Rock New Addition of Aluminum Bender-Board 6 Remove and replace the existing gravel. New addition of Arizona river rock new addition of aluminum bender board 6 Remove and replace the existing gravel. New addition of Arizona river rock new addition of aluminum bender board 6 Remove And Replace the Existing Gravel with Red DG And Arizona River Rock on The Drain Outlet Only Remove And Replace the Existing of Red DG and Arizona River Rock on The Drain Outlet Only Remove And Replace the Existing Gravel Red DG and Arizona River Rock on The Drain Outlet Only. Install weed barrier. Remove And Replace the Existing Gravel Red DG and Arizona River Rock on the Drain Outlet Only. Install weed barrier. Remove And Replace the Existing Gravel Red DG and Arizona River Rock on the Drain Outlet Only. Install weed barrier. Remove And Replace the Existing Gravel Red DG and Arizona River Rock on the Drain Outlet Only. Install weed barrier. Remove And Replace the Existing Gravel Red DG and Arizona River Rock on the Drain Outlet Only. Install weed barrier. Install weed barrier. Remove And Replace the Existing Gravel Red DG and Arizona River Rock on the Drain Outlet Only. Install weed barrier. Remove And Replace the Existing Gravel New Addition of Arizona River Rock Aluminum Bender Board. Install weed barrier. Remove And Replace the Existing Gravel New Addition of Arizona River Rock New Addition Aluminum Bender Board 6 . Install weed barrier. Remove And Replace the Existing Gravel New Addition of Arizona River Rock New Addition Aluminum Bender Board 6 . Install weed barrier. Location O.P. Pharmacy New addition of Arizona river rock on the 3 Dow Spot and New Addition Aluminum Bender Board 6 . Location Pond 3. Replace And Refresh the Existing DG with New Red DG Around Pond 3. New Additions Arizona Rock and Addition of Aluminum Bender Board 6 New Additions Arizona Rock and Addition of Aluminum Bender Board 6 TREE STAKING INSTALLATION Contractors shall provide all labor, materials, tools, equipment, required parts, hardware, and supervision to furnish and install fourth (40) stakes for twenty (20) trees. Install two eight-inch stakes per tree. Secure each tree VA standard tree ties. Ensure staking meets local arborist recommendations. REPORTS Reports shall have a section containing a summary of all test results and the contractor shall make recommendations based on a component engineering analysis of the test data. Recommendations will include areas where immediate action is required and recommended areas where additional maintenance needs to be performed. Reports shall be submitted in hard copy and E-mail to the VA COR (Contracting Officer Representative within 30 days of work completion. OVER AND ABOVE REPAIR: Upon discovery of over and above repairs or unforeseen requirements, Contractor shall immediately notify the POC. Parts shall not be procured, nor installation or repairs initiated until approval is obtained from the Contracting Officer and appropriate Facilities Staff/POC. Charges for repair, labor and parts shall originate only when required and upon prior approval being granted by the Contracting Officer. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: 180 days from performance start date. Work may be scheduled during the day or night (Depending on load demand), Monday thru Friday and/or Saturday thru Sunday. Daytime hours: 6 am to 4 pm Evening hours: 4 pm to 4 am Contractor shall initiate work within 2 weeks of being contacted by the designated Contracting Officer s Point of Contact (POC) or designee. Work shall be scheduled through the POC or designee, who will coordinate with VALLHCS staff. Timelines are subject to change due to VALLHCS operational requirements. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: VA Loma Linda 11201 Benton St. Loma Linda, CA 92357 LICENSING REQUIREMENTS: Offeror must possess a 30-hour Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) General Contractor License C-27 Landscaping Contractor CIT Certification (Certified Irrigation Technician) SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS: Contractor shall schedule start date with POC or designee five (5) business days in advance. Contactor personnel shall have valid Loma Linda PIV badges before starting work. Contractor shall coordinate energy source LOCK OUT /TAG OUT procedures with VALLHCS Plumbing Supervisor before starting work. When work is complete, Contractor shall notify the VALLHCS Plumbing Supervisor that energy sources will be restored and require verification. Contractor s supervisor or lead technician are to check in with VALLHCS Plumbing Supervisor, or in their absence, with Graphics Control prior to work each day. Contractor shall conform to the following standards, policies, regulations, governing agency, and any other local, state, or Federal guidelines that are not listed here. OSHA 29CFR Regulations, www.osha.gov NFPA 99, www.nfpa.org Design Manuals Plumbing Steam vol. 1,2, and 3 Master Construction Specification Division 22 Plumbing Division 23 Heating, Ventilating, and Air Conditioning AUTHORIZED SERVICES: Only those services specified herein are authorized under this contract. Before permitting and/or performing any service of a non-contract nature, the Contractor shall advise the CO of the reason (s) for the additional work and/or service. The Contractor is cautioned that only the CO or his/her designee may authorize additional service that are within the scope of this contract and that reimbursement shall not be made unless prior authorization is obtained from the CO. All changes to the contract shall be issued through a contract modification in writing from the CO to the Contractor. DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY: No additional service shall be provided without the approval from the Contracting Officer (CO) or his/her designee of this contract. The Contractor shall not accept any instructions issued by any other person(s) other than the CO or his/her delegated representative acting within the limits of his/her authority. GOVERNMENT-FURNISHED EQUIPMENT (GFE) GOVERNMENT FURNISHED INFORMATION (GFI): No Government equipment will be used by the Vendor. RECOGNIZED HOLIDAYS: The following is a list of all Government recognized holidays: In accordance with 5 U.S.C. 6103, Executive Order 11582 and Public Law 94-97 the following National holidays are observed and for the purpose of this contract are defined as Legal Federal official holidays : New Year s Day: January 1 Martin Luther King s Birthday: Third Monday in January President s Day: Third Monday in February Memorial Day: Last Monday in May Juneteenth Independence Day: June 19 Independence Day: July 4 Labor Day: First Monday in September Columbus Day: Second Monday in October Veterans Day: November 11 Thanksgiving Day: Fourth Thursday in November Christmas Day: December 25 If a holiday falls on Sunday, the following Monday shall be observed as the legal holiday. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday is observed as a legal holiday by U.S. Government agencies. Also included, would be any other day specifically declared by the President of the United States of America to be a National Holiday. CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEES AND BADGES: Contractor personnel shall present a neat appearance and be easily recognized as Contractor employees. Examples: wearing of distinctive clothing such as uniforms, badges, patches, etc. All contractor personnel shall be required to wear VA provided identification (I.D.) badges above the waist at all times while on the VA grounds. Contractors shall be required to coordinate with the COR to obtain the VA provided I.D. badges for all staff. All VA provided I.D. badges shall be returned at the end of the contract or upon completion of service. Failure to wear ID badges may result in removal from any of the VA facilities and/or otherwise referred to Government property. SAFETY AND PPE EQUIPMENT: Personal Protective Equipment shall be provided for each Contractor employee by the Contractor. Possession of weapons are prohibited. SMOKING and VAPING POLICIES: Smoking and vaping are prohibited on Government property. PARKING: It is the responsibility of Contractor personnel to park only in designated parking areas. Parking information is available from the VA Security Service. The VA shall not invalidate or make reimbursement for parking violations of the Contractor's personnel under any circumstances. COMPLAINTS: Contractor shall promptly and courteously respond to complaints within three (3) working days to the COR. Including complaints brought to the contractor s attention by the CO. Contractor shall maintain a written record of all complaints, both written and oral showing the identity of the individual, the nature of the complaint, and contractor s response. Contractor shall permit the Government to inspect the written records of complaints upon reasonable notice from the CO. Notice to potential offerors: All offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov. Additionally, all Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Businesses or Veteran Owned Businesses who respond to a solicitation on this project must be certified by the Small Business Administration; Veteran Small Business Certification, (VetCert) https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/. All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail to: catherine.fernandezpedernera@va.gov . All information submissions to be marked Attn: Catherine Fernandez, Contract Specialist and should be received no later than 14:00 PST on April 21, 2026.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Catherine Fernandez
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: catherine.fernandezpedernera@va.gov
  - Phone: (480)-466-7937

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/6ae5d73545f04134a0b70e442c7a4c85/view)