---
layout: default
title: 6530--Cart Washer Brand Name or Equal to Steris VISION Please review attachment for requested information
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 242d318800fa41f58bceaf0ca623c15d
---

# 6530--Cart Washer Brand Name or Equal to Steris VISION Please review attachment for requested information

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-21 17:00:00.846-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26026Q0593
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. This is not a solicitation for bids, proposals, proposal abstracts, or quotations. The purpose of this Sources Sought Notice is to obtain information regarding the availability and capability of all qualified sources to perform a potential requirement. The responses received from interested contractors will assist the Government in determining the appropriate acquisition method. The intended contract is a firm-fixed price. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Network Contracting Office (NCO) 20, is conducting market research to identify potential sources which can provide the following in support of the Mann-Grandstaff VA Medical Center, 4815 N. Assembly Street, Spokane, WA 99205-6185. Mann-Grandstaff VA Medical Center has a need for a cart and utensils washer/disinfector brand name or equal to Steris VISION to include installation of new system, removal and disposal of old Steris system. Current unit has been in place since 2014. REQUIREMENT INFORMATION: Specific Tasks: Task 1 - Deinstall the old unit Remove the old unit from the service line and place it in an area to ready for disposal. Clean up all the piping and ready for the new unit. Task 2 - Install new unit Install the new unit and how up all components and ready the machine for use. Task 3 - Removal of old Equipment Old equipment should be staged so that the contractor can have the old unit removed from the premises. Task 4 - Pretest Loads and Safety Checks Contractors shall run the necessary pretest to ensure that equipment is operating in a safe mode and the equipment is operating properly. Required Line Items: EQUIPMENT NUMBER DESCRIPTION QUANTITY FW05201 VISION® 1327 Cart and Utensils Washer/Disinfector, 200-208V, 60hz, Steam Heated, Double power doors, 304 Chamber 1 FS325 Hepa Filter 1 FD479 Vision 1321/1327/1330 Cart Washers Steam Condensate Return to Drain 1 FD328 Common Service Area Junction Panels 1 FD330 Vision 1327 Exterior Service Side Panels 1 FD331 Vision 1327 Non-Service Side Panels 1 SE101372 Install Vision Cart Washer 1 SE1010021 Deinstall Cart Washer 1 SE10100000071 Disposal of Cart/Tunnel Washer 1 SE101371 1st Year Preventive Care Vision Cart Washer 1 Salient Characteristics for the Cart Washer: Spray arms and should have the spray nozzles at a 45* angle to ensure complete coverage for cleaning and disinfecting purposes. Cart washer should have a HEPA-filtered drying system and automatic floor tilt to facilitate thorough drying directly after the cycle. Should have a full coverage cross spray pattern with impingement options. Should have a dual speed pump. Should have a thermal disinfection with each standard cycle. Cart washer should be made with water and energy efficient features and provide the LOWEST water consumption per cycle. Should use at least 65% less water per cycle. The chemistries should all be biodegradable and concentrated. Should have a cycle printer option on the clean side of the machine. Doors should be see through to monitor the progress of the cycle. Carts for the containers should have the cool touch handles for removal of the cart after the cycle. Should be equipped with flow meters to provide verification of the chemistry injection rates. Maximum overall dimensions 120 w x 108.75 h x 130 d and the effective chamber load capacity should be 40 w x 80 h x 106 d. Should be ISO AAMI 15883 Compliant. The pumps for the chemistries should be in a separate room positioned near the detergent containers and connected to the washer and each tube will be color coded to track through the area. A low-level sensor will be available to indicate when the detergent level is low or insufficient chemical is available for the next cycle. Chamber floor will have removable panels designed with the gratings running lengthwise in chamber allowing for quiet loading and unloading. Will have a removable debris screen with a handle in chamber bottom to prevent large debris from entering the drain system and the pump. Must have Emergency Stop cables inside the chamber in the event someone is trapped inside during operation. The High-Pressure pump should be dual speed driving one impeller to permit two ranges of flow rate / pressure. Vendor Authorization: Vendor shall be required to be an Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), authorized dealer, authorized distributor, or authorized reseller for the proposed equipment/system authorized by OEM to perform installation services, verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM. This authorization letter shall be required to be submitted at the time of offer in response to any potential solicitation issued. All warranty and service associated with the equipment/system shall be in accordance with the OEM terms and conditions. This procurement is for new equipment only. Limitations on Subcontracting: If any portion of the requirement is to be set aside or awarded on a sole-source basis as prescribed in subparts 19.8, 19.13, 19.14, or 19.15, then vendors shall be required to certify compliance with 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting. If any portion of the requirement is to be set aside or awarded on a sole-source basis as prescribed in VAAR 819.7011(c), then vendors shall be required to certify compliance with VAAR 852.219-76, VA Notice of Limitations on Subcontracting. Buy American: The Buy American law restricts the purchase of supplies, that are not domestic end products, for use within the United States. Vendors are asked to provide the following information in their response: Where is the item manufactured:_______________________________________ What company manufactures the item:__________________________________ For OEMs, please provide a list of Authorized distributors: __________________________________________________________________ __________________________________________________________________ Potential candidates having the capabilities necessary to provide the stated services at a fair and reasonable price are invited to respond to this Sources Sought Notice via e-mail to Jennifer Robles at jennifer.robles1@va.gov no later than May 4, 2026, 1PM, Mountain Time/3PM Eastern. No telephone inquiries will be accepted. RESPONSES SHOULD INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION: Please provide the following details: Company Information Company Name: Company Address: SAM UEI: Business Size (per NAICS Code 339113, 800 employees): Point of Contact Name: Phone Number: E-mail Address: Current Federal Contracts Are your supplies/services currently available on any Federal contract (e.g., GSA Federal Supply Schedule, NASA SEWP, or other)? Yes No If Yes, please specify contract(s): Manufacturer Status Are you: Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) Authorized Vendor Limitations on Subcontracting Can your company comply with the FAR and VAAR Limitations on Subcontracting requirements, if applicable? Yes No Additional comments: Buy American Act Where is the item manufactured: What company manufactures the item: For OEMs, please provide a list of Authorized distributors: Disclaimer and Important Notes: This Sources Sought Notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. The Government will treat any information received as proprietary and will not share such information with other companies. Any organization responding to this Sources Sought Notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization's qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. The Government may or may not issue a solicitation as a result of this announcement. There is no solicitation available at this time.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Robles
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Jennifer.Robles1@va.gov
  - Phone: 253-888-4924

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/242d318800fa41f58bceaf0ca623c15d/view)