---
layout: default
title: FBSU IT DELL Equipment Upgrade
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 896770d76b584783a909a0c71e44ad32
---

# FBSU IT DELL Equipment Upgrade

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 16:44:31.674-04
- Solicitation Number: 75H70926BAO-035-RFQ

## Summary

1. DESCRIPTION This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 75H70926BAO-035-RFQ is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ) for Computer Slim Towers and Thin Clients. This RFQ is 100% Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise (ISBEE) Set-Aside and the associated NAICS Code is 334111, which has a small business standard of 1,250 employees.. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The Government intends to award to a responsible party whose offer meets the solicitation requirements and provides “Best Value to the Government” based on price and other factors. Offerors must be registered and active in the System for Award Management (SAM) at the time of quotation submission. Award announcement will be made through electronic public notice, via SAM.gov. Quotes must be received via email no later than April 21st, 2026 at 1:00 pm MDT. 2. LINE ITEMS – DELL Pro Slim Desktop & Thin Clients. See Attachment: B02 – Equipment Specification CLIN Description Quantity Unit Unit Price Total Price 1 Dell Pro Slim Plus 30 EA $___________ $___________ 2 Dell 3000 Thin Client 15 EA $___________ $___________ 3. DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENTS – See Attachment: B03 – Scope of Work 4. DELIVERY AND PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The Supply is expected to be delivered no later than 90 days from date of award. 5. SOLICITATION PROVISIONS PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address: www.acquisition.gov/far PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE PROVISION Title Date 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions SEP 2024 52.204-7 System for Award Management—Registration Deviation Date 52.204-90 Offeror Identification Deviation Date 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Certification Deviation Date 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Certification Deviation Date 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate Deviation Date 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications Deviation Date PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY FULL TEXT FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (DEV DATE) (a) Submission of offers. Submit signed and dated offers to the office specified in this solicitation at or before the exact time specified in this solicitation. As a minimum, offers shall include— (1) The solicitation number; (2) The name, address, telephone number of the Offeror; (3) The Offeror’s Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and, if applicable, Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator; (4) Information necessary to evaluate the factors contained in the provision at 52.212-2 or as described in the solicitation; (5) Responses to provisions that require Offeror completion of information, representations, and certifications (other than those collected via the System for Award Management (SAM)); and (6) A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation and any solicitation amendments. (b) Period for acceptance of offers. The Offeror agrees to hold the prices in its offer firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers, unless another time period is specified in an addendum to the solicitation. (c) Late submissions, modifications, revisions, and withdrawals of offers. (1) Offerors are responsible for submitting offers and any modifications or revisions to the Government office designated in the solicitation by the time specified in the solicitation. (2) Any offer, modification, or revision received after the time specified for receipt of offers is “late” and will not be considered unless it is received before award is made and the Contracting Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly delay the acquisition. However, a late modification of an otherwise successful offer that makes its terms more favorable to the Government will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted. (3) If an emergency or unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that offers cannot be received at the Government office designated for receipt of offers by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified for receipt of offers will be deemed to be extended to the same time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day on which normal Government processes resume. (4) Offerors may withdraw their offers by written notice to the Government received at any time before award. (d) Contract award (not applicable to Invitation for Bids). The Government intends to evaluate offers and award a contract without discussions with Offerors. Therefore, the Offeror’s initial offer should contain the Offeror’s best terms. However, the Government reserves the right to conduct discussions, if necessary. The Government may reject any or all offers if such action is in the public interest, accept other than the lowest offer, and waive informalities and minor irregularities in offers received. (e) Debriefings. If a postaward debriefing is given to requesting Offerors, the Government will disclose the following information, if applicable: (1) The agency’s evaluation of the significant weak or deficient factors in the debriefed Offeror’s offer. (2) The overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful Offeror and the debriefed Offeror and past performance information on the debriefed Offeror. (3) The overall ranking of all Offerors when any ranking was developed by the agency during source selection. (4) A summary of the rationale for award. (5) For acquisitions of commercial products, the make and model of the product to be delivered by the successful Offeror. (6) Reasonable responses to relevant questions posed by the debriefed Offeror as to whether the agency followed source-selection procedures set forth in the solicitation, applicable regulations, and other applicable authorities. (End of provision) 52.212-2 Evaluation—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (Deviation Date) The basis for award will be the Lowest Price, Technically Acceptable (LPTA) offer. The Government will not use the formal source selection procedures outlined in FAR Part 15, but will instead evaluate offers in accordance with FAR 12.203. Offers will be evaluated for acceptability only and will not be ranked based on non-price factors or subfactors. All non-price factors and subfactors will be rated as either “acceptable” or “unacceptable.” The Government intends to evaluate offers and make an award without conducting discussions, except for minor clarifications, unless discussions are deemed necessary. A determination will be made regarding the technical acceptability of each offeror’s quotation. Among those determined to be technically acceptable, award will be made to the offeror proposing the lowest overall price. (a) The LPTA evaluation process will be accomplished as follows - Technical Acceptability will be comprised of three subfactors: 1.) Meeting all areas under the "Scope of Work" and “Equipment”; 2.) Past Performance; and, 3.) Price. 1.) Each offeror’s technical quotations will be evaluated to determine if the offeror provides a sound, compliant approach that meets the requirements of the Scope of Work. In addition, Contractors shall provide the following in order to be considered technically acceptable: Contractor is required to provide at least one copy of an operator manual with this purchase. The document may be digital or physical. 2.) Past Performance: The offeror shall provide a list of contracts under which they have performed same or similar services to this RFQ requirement within the last three (3) years. The Government shall assess the offeror’s ability to perform the effort described in the Request for Quote (RFQ). The assessment process will result in an overall technical rating of Acceptable/Non Acceptable or Neutral/Unknown. Offerors with no relevant past or present performance history shall receive the rating “neutral or unknown”, meaning the rating is treated neither favorably nor unfavorably. 3.) Price: The Pricing Schedule must be completed for all line items and will be evaluated as to completeness and reasonableness. 4.) Indian Economic Enterprise (IEE) Representation Form must be returned. (b) Options. N/A (c) Notice of Award. A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer furnished to the successful Offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. HHSAR PROVISIONS PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE PROVISION Title Date 352.239-73 Electronic Information and Technology Accessibility Notice DEC 2015 352.270-9 Non-Discrimination for Conscience DEC 2015 352.239-73 Electronic Information and Technology Accessibility Notice. Electronic and Information Technology Accessibility Notice (December 18, 2015) (a) Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794d), as amended by the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 and the Architectural and Transportation Barriers Compliance Board Electronic and Information (EIT) Accessibility Standards (36 CFR part 1194), require that when Federal agencies develop, procure, maintain, or use electronic and information technology, Federal employees with disabilities have access to and use of information and data that is comparable to the access and use by Federal employees who are not individuals with disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on the agency. Section 508 also requires that individuals with disabilities, who are members of the public seeking information or services from a Federal agency, have access to and use of information and data that is comparable to that provided to the public who are not individuals with disabilities, unless an undue burden would be imposed on the agency. (b) Accordingly, any offeror responding to this solicitation must comply with established HHS EIT accessibility standards. Information about Section 508 is available at http://www.hhs.gov/web/508. The complete text of the Section 508 Final Provisions can be accessed at http://www.access-board.gov/guidelines-and-standards/communications-and-it/about-the-section-508-standards. (c) The Section 508 accessibility standards applicable to this solicitation are stated in the clause at 352.239-74, Electronic and Information Technology Accessibility. In order to facilitate the Government’s determination whether proposed EIT supplies meet applicable Section 508 accessibility standards, offerors must submit an HHS Section 508 Product Assessment Template, in accordance with its completion instructions. The purpose of the template is to assist HHS acquisition and program officials in determining whether proposed EIT supplies conform to applicable Section 508 accessibility standards. The template allows offerors or developers to self-evaluate their supplies and document—in detail—whether they conform to a specific Section 508 accessibility standard, and any underway remediation efforts addressing conformance issues. Instructions for preparing the HHS Section 508 Evaluation Template are available under Section 508 policy on the HHS website http://www.hhs.gov/web/508. In order to facilitate the Government’s determination whether proposed EIT services meet applicable Section 508 accessibility standards, offerors must provide enough information to assist the Government in determining that the EIT services conform to Section 508 accessibility standards, including any underway remediation efforts addressing conformance issues. (d) Respondents to this solicitation must identify any exception to Section 508 requirements. If a offeror claims its supplies or services meet applicable Section 508 accessibility standards, and it is later determined by the Government, i.e., after award of a contract or order, that supplies or services delivered do not conform to the described accessibility standards, remediation of the supplies or services to the level of conformance specified in the contract will be the responsibility of the Contractor at its expense. 6. CONTRACT CLAUSES 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address: www.acquisition.gov. CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE CLAUSES INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE CLAUSE Title Date 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Nov 2023 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Jan 2017 52.209-6 Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded Deviation Date 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Deviation Date 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Products and Commercial Services Deviation Date 52.222-3 Convict Labor Deviation Date 52.222-19 Child Labor – Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies Deviation Date 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Deviation Date 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Deviation Date 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Deviation Date 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Deviation Date 55.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires May 2014 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment Deviation Date 52.222-55 Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 Deviation Date 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 Deviation Date 52.225-3 Buy American -Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Nov 2023 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving May 2024 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management Oct 2018 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party May 2014 52.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations Jun 2013 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Mar 2023 52.233-3 Protest After Award Aug 1996 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Oct 2002 HHSAR CLAUSES PROVISIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE PROVISION Title Date 352.232-71 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests FEB 2022 352.239-74 Electronic and Information Technology Accessibility DEC 2015 352.232-71 Electronic Submission of Invoice Payment Requests (FEB 2022) (a) Definitions. As used in this clause -- Payment request means a bill, voucher, invoice, or request for contract financing payment with associated supporting documentation. The payment request must comply with the requirements identified in FAR 32.905(b), ‘Content of Invoices’ and the applicable Payment clause included in this contract. (b) Except as provided in paragraph (c) of this clause, the Contractor shall submit payment requests electronically using the Department of Treasury Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) or successor system. Information regarding IPP, including IPP Customer Support contact information, is available at www.ipp.gov or any successor site. (c) The Contractor may submit payment requests using other than IPP only when the Contracting Officer authorizes alternate procedures in writing in accordance with HHS procedures. (d) If alternate payment procedures are authorized, the Contractor shall include a copy of the Contracting Officer's written authorization with each payment request. INVOICE SUBMISSION AND PAYMENT Invoices shall be submitted through the Invoicing Processing Platform (IPP), a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Bureau of the Fiscal Service. The IPP website address is: https://www.ipp.gov. If you require assistance registering or require IPP account access, please contact the IPP Helpdesk at (866) 973-3131 (M-F 8AM to 6PM ET), or IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov. (End of clause) 7. SUBMISSION OF OFFER Submit your company’s quote via email to Vincent.Hansen@ihs.gov. Quotes must be received via email no later than: February 21st, 2026 at 1:00 pm MST. To ensure your quote is received, please include the following in the subject line: 75H70926BAO-019-RFQ [Company Name]. Submitting Questions: Technical questions or concerns pertaining to this requirement must be received via email to Vincent.Hansen@ihs.gov no later than April 14th, 2026 at 5:00 pm MDT. To ensure your questions are received, please include the following in the subject line: 75H70926BAO-035-RFQ -Questions. Terms and content of the Quote: Your quote must be based on the terms of this RFQ. The Contracting Officer may choose to reject any quote that is not based on these terms in every aspect. Quotes must be valid for 90 days from submission deadline. No contract award shall be made to any vendor listed on the OIG Exclusions List at http://exclusions.org.hhs.gov throughout the duration of the contract. Contractor must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov The Government reserves the right to accept or reject services, if the level of performance is unacceptable. The Contractor must provide only new equipment and new parts for the required products described herein; no used, refurbished, or remanufactured equipment or parts shall be provided under any circumstances. Absolutely no “Gray Market Goods” or “Counterfeit Electronic Parts” shall be provided. Gray Market Goods are defined as genuine branded goods intentionally or unintentionally sold outside of an authorized sales-territory or by non-authorized dealers in an authorized territory. All equipment shall be accompanied by the Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM’s) warranty. Counterfeit Electronic Parts are defined as unlawful or unauthorized reproduction, substitution, or alteration that has been knowingly mismarked, misidentified, or otherwise misrepresented to be an authentic, unmodified electronic part from the original manufacturer, or a source with the express written authority of the original manufacturer or current design activity, including an authorized aftermarket manufacturer. Unlawful or unauthorized substitution includes used electronic parts represented as new, or the false identification of grade, serial number, lot number, date code, or performance characteristics. “The Office of Management and Budget (OMB) mandates that U.S. federal agencies use the Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6). In November 2020, OMB issued memorandum M-21-07 "Completing the Transition to IPv6", which outlines the Federal government's strategic intent "to deliver its information services, operate its networks, and access the services of others using only IPv6". The IHS requires all new IT systems (hardware and software) to operate in a pure IPv6 network environment. This includes on-premises services or third-party hosted services that require network integration into the IHS network. The Offeror's solution shall comply with the IPv6 standards profile as defined by the NIST USGv6 Program: https://www.nist.gov/programs-projects/usgv6-program” The contractor will comply with the following listed regulations: - Privacy Act, 5 U.S.C. 552a - Office of Privacy and Civil Liberties | Privacy Act of 1974 - Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) - eCFR :: 45 CFR Part 164 -- Security and Privacy - CFR 42 Part 2 - eCFR :: 42 CFR Part 2 -- Confidentiality of Substance Use Disorder Patient Records Indemnification and Governing Law Indemnification, Liability, Statute of Limitations: Any provisions in the Terms of Service (TOS) related to indemnification and filing deadlines are hereby waived, and shall not apply except to the extent expressly authorized by law. Liability for any breach of the TOS as modified by this amendment, or any claim arising from the TOS as modified by this amendment, shall be determined under the Federal Tort Claims Act, or other governing federal authority. Federal statute of limitations provisions shall apply to any breach or claim. Governing law: Any arbitration, mediation or similar dispute resolution provision in the TOS is hereby deleted. The TOS and this amendment shall be governed by and interpreted and enforced in accordance with the laws of the United States of America without reference to conflict of laws. To the extent permitted by federal law, the laws of the State of ____ will apply in the absence of applicable federal law.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Vincent Hansen
  - Email: Vincent.Hansen@ihs.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/896770d76b584783a909a0c71e44ad32/view)