---
layout: default
title: RN Accreditation Specialist
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0b1e966e7c0b4997ad06845563c3a60f
---

# RN Accreditation Specialist

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-12 17:36:48.324-04
- Solicitation Number: IHS1524384

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested in response to this notice and a written solicitation will NOT be issued. This solicitation is being issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ) # IHS1524384. Submit only written quotes for this RFQ. This solicitation is 100% BUY INDIAN SET-ASIDE. The associated NAICS code is 621399. This RFQ contains Three (3) Line Items. CLIN DESCRIPTION QTY UNIT Unit Price TOTAL 0001 BASE YEAR – 05/21/2026 – 11/20/2026 – RN Accreditation Specialist Services 956 HR 0002 OPTION PERIOD ONE – 11/21/2026 – 05/20/2027 – RN Accreditation Specialist Services 956 HR 0003 OPTION PERIOD TWO – 05/21/2027 – 11/20/2027 – RN Accreditation Specialist Services 956 HR TOTAL PRICING PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: BASE YEAR: 05/21/2026 – 11/20/2026 OPTION PERIOD ONE – 11/21/2026 – 05/20/2027 OPTION PERIOD TWO – 05/21/2027 – 11/20/2027 Vendor Requirements: SEE ATTACHED STATEMENT OF WORK Submit Quotes no later than: 03/17/2026 10:00a.m. CDT to the Following Point of Contact: Misti Bussell, Contract Specialist, via Email: misti.bussell@ihs.gov. Evaluation: FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation -- Commercial Items (completed as follows): (a) The Government will award a firm fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Lowest Price Technically Acceptable The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotes: Pricing (50%) Technical (30%) Past History (20%) Pricing is more important than Non-price factors when combined, with Pricing being the most weighted factor. Pricing – The government will add all 3 years of pricing for a cumulative total. Pricing will be compared to the government’s independent government cost estimate. A baseline for a Satisfactory rating shall be utilized from the government’s IGCE. Technical Capabilities shall be evaluated based on understanding of the Statement of Work, and planned execution of the project. This will include items as Accreditation and Regulatory Compliance, Infection Control and Prevention Program Oversight, Surveillance Monitoring and Reporting and Quality Assessment, and Performance Improvement. Evaluation Factors shall be rated on the following descriptive ratings for Technical Capabilities and Key Personnel and for Relevant Past Performance: 1. Excellent, 2. Very Good, 3. Satisfactory, 4. Poor 5. Unacceptable The offeror must demonstrate its record of successful performance in past contracts and/or jobs, Government and/or commercial. Each offeror will be evaluated on its performance under existing and prior contracts/jobs. Offerors shall provide, at a minimum, two (2) references for their most recently performed contracts in which similar or the same services were performed by the offeror within the last two (2) years from the date of proposal submission. Please list contracts that your firm has held with Government and/or commercial accounts. The offeror shall provide the following information in an attachment: Agency or Customer Name/Address Contract number (if applicable) Contract Performance Period Contract description of services (location, and description of services) Type (type and quantity of personnel provided) Dollar Value of contract Point of Contact name phone facsimile Internet/E-Mail address For each contract identified the offeror shall also provide a discussion of problems encountered and their correction, as well as their accomplishments during the performance of the contract. If the offeror has no relative past performance they shall affirmatively state so. In evaluating past performance the Government may also use information from its own files, information provided by the offeror, or from any other sources it deems appropriate. Offerors will be given the opportunity to clarify information concerning the relevancy of an offeror’s past performance information, and any adverse past performance information to which the offeror has not previously had an opportunity to respond. NOTE: The Government reserves the right to contact any reference provided by the offeror in evaluating the offeror’s past performance. Furthermore, the Government reserves the right to use any information that comes to the attention of the Government in evaluating the offeror. CLAUSES AND HHSAR: The following FAR clauses and HHSAR apply to this solicitation: SECTION C CONTRACT CLAUSES 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions- Commercial PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES (NOV 2023) 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) 52.204-9, Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (Jan 2011) 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance (Oct 2018) 52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded (Deviation Date) 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Nov 2015) 52.217-8, Option to Extend Services (Nov 1999) 52.217-9, Option to Extend the Term of the Contract (Mar 2000) 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Deviation Date) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Deviation DATE) 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Deviation Date) 52.222-43, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (Deviation Date) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Deviation Date) 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Deviation Date) 52.223-23, Sustainable Products and Services (DEVIATION DATE) 52.224-1, Privacy Act Notification (Apr 1984) 52.224-2, Privacy Act (Apr 1984) 52.224-3, Privacy Training (Jan 2017) 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct 2018) 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) 52.233-3, Protest after Award (Deviation Date) 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Deviation Date) 52.237-2, Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation (Apr 1984) 52.237-3, Continuity of Services (Jan 1991) 52.240-91, Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (Deviation Date) 52.240-93, Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems (Deviation Date) 52.244-6, Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation Date) 352.211-3, Paperwork Reduction Act (Nov 2025 RFO Deviation) 352.224-70, Notification of System of Records Notice (Feb 2024 Deviation) 352.224-71, Confidential Information (Feb 2024 Deviation) 352.237-70, Pro-Children Act (Dec 2015) 352.237-71, Crime Control Act—Reporting of Child Abuse (Dec 2015) 352.237-72, Crime Control Act—Requirement for Background Checks (Dec 2015) 352.237-73, Indian Child Protection and Family Violence Act (Dec 2015) Miscellaneous: NO FAX QUOTATIONS ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS – SUBMISSION VIA EMAIL IS THE ONLY ACCEPTABLE ELECTRONIC SUBMISSION. (misti.bussell@ihs.gov) All contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management database located at https://www.sam.gov/sam/ prior to any contract award. Please submit the following information with each quote: Vendor Name, Cage Code, DUNS number, Tax Identification Number, Prompt Payment Terms, Delivery Time, GSA Contract Number (if applicable), Date quote expires, warranty, total price for each line item, total quote price, and technical documentation in sufficient detail to determine technical acceptability. Failure to provide sufficient technical detail may result in rejection of your quote.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Misti Bussell
  - Email: misti.bussell@ihs.gov
  - Phone: 9183426235

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0b1e966e7c0b4997ad06845563c3a60f/view)