---
layout: default
title: YCV-16 REPAIR, MAINTENANCE, AND PRESERVATION, YOKOSUKA, JAPAN
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 303fe6af975649749e81b8753f757fba
---

# YCV-16 REPAIR, MAINTENANCE, AND PRESERVATION, YOKOSUKA, JAPAN

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 00:41:09.556-04
- Solicitation Number: N6264926RA031

## Summary

MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0006 is to respond to the question. Please refer the attached document for details. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0005 is to respond to the question, with the revision of Point of Contact (POC) information in Section E and F. Also, the below change was made for the subject requirement: New POP: 1 June 2026 through 15 October 2026 Please refer the attached document for details. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0004 is to extend the solicitation closing date to 27 March 2026 at 10:00 AM JST to provide additional time for the offerors. Please refer the attached document for details. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0003 is to respond to the question. Please refer the attached document for details. * Access to the work specification package listed in Section J as ATTACHMENT (I) are only accessible through DoD SAFE. DoD SAFE is a secure U.S. Government repository which enables the sharing of large files and requires outside users to receive a drop-off request from the U.S. Government. Offerors shall note that access is only available for 14 days once sent. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0002 is to respond to the question. Also, the site inspection / ship check schedule is updated in Section L (L-4.0). Please refer the attached document for details. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0001 is to respond to the question. Also, the site inspection / ship check schedule is incorporated in Section L (L-4.0). Please refer the attached document for details. * Access to the work specification package listed in Section J as ATTACHMENT (I) are only accessible through DoD SAFE. DoD SAFE is a secure U.S. Government repository which enables the sharing of large files and requires outside users to receive a drop-off request from the U.S. Government. Offerors shall note that access is only available for 14 days once sent. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ YCV-16 Repair, Maintenance, and Preservation, Yokosuka, JAPAN Pursuant to FAR 5.202(a)(12), this is a non-mandatory synopsis. This solicitation is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Firms who do not possess an active U.S. MSRA/ABR as a "Prime Contractor" are ineligible for award. 1. YCV-16: NAVSUP Fleet Logistics Center Yokosuka (NAVSUP FLCY) has a new requirement in support of Commander, Fleet Activities Yokosuka (CFAY) Port Operations. The repair and maintenance package of work items are included as Statement of Work (SOW) provided in ATTACHMENT (I). 2. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: From 1 April 2026 to 15 June 2026 3. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Contractor's Facility 4. OFFER: Offerors must provide all information required by this solicitation no later than 9 March 2026 at 10:00 AM Japan Standard Time (JST). 5. WORK ITEM INFORMATION: Access to the work specification package listed in Section J as Attachment (I) may only be accessed through DoD SAFE. DoD SAFE is a secure U.S. Government repository which enables the sharing of large files and requires outside users to receive a drop-off request from the U.S. Government. Therefore, any offeror intending to provide a proposal to this solicitation shall request access by sending an email to: kazuya.iwanaga.ln@us.navy.mil, peterjommel.s.arrieta.ln@us.navy.mil by 13 February 2026 10:00 am JST. Once the U.S. Government receives the offeror's access request, the U.S. Government will provide the offeror with a link and instructions to retrieve Attachment (I). Offerors shall note that access is only available for 14 days once sent. When submitting your proposal, you must specify any hazardous material in accordance with FAR 52.223-3 (Hazardous Material ID) and DFARS 252.223-7001. When submitting your proposal, you must specify if you anticipate sea transportation in accordance with DFARS 252.247-7022. If there is a time limit on your offer, you must specify this at submission of your proposal. If there are any amendments to this RFP, please acknowledge them when submitting your proposal in the proposal comment section. If you have any questions concerning this Solicitation, please feel free to contact me at kazuya.iwanaga.ln@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kazuya Iwanaga
  - Email: kazuya.iwanaga.ln@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 0468169974
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Peter Arrieta
  - Email: peterjommel.s.arrieta.ln@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 0081468166294

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: are only accessible through DoD SAFE. DoD SAFE is a secure U.S. Government repository which enables the sharing of large files and requires outside users to receive a drop-off request from the U.S. Government. Offerors shall note that access is only available for 14 days once sent. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0002 is to respond to the question. Also, the site inspection / ship check schedule is updated in Section L (L-4.0). Please refer the attached document for details. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ MSRA/ABR Holders, The purpose of this solicitation amendment 0001 is to respond to the question. Also, the site inspection / ship check schedule is incorporated in Section L (L-4.0). Please refer the attached document for details. * Access to the work specification package listed in Section J as ATTACHMENT (I) are only accessible through DoD SAFE. DoD SAFE is a secure U.S. Government repository which enables the sharing of large files and requires outside users to receive a drop-off request from the U.S. Government. Offerors shall note that access is only available for 14 days once sent. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ YCV-16 Repair, Maintenance, and Preservation, Yokosuka, JAPAN Pursuant to FAR 5.202(a)(12), this is a non-mandatory synopsis. This solicitation is intended only for sources duly authorized to operate and do business in Japan as prescribed by DFARS 252.225-7042. Firms who do not possess an active U.S. MSRA/ABR as a "Prime Contractor" are ineligible for award. 1. YCV-16: NAVSUP Fleet Logistics Center Yokosuka (NAVSUP FLCY) has a new requirement in support of Commander, Fleet Activities Yokosuka (CFAY) Port Operations. The repair and maintenance package of work items are included as Statement of Work (SOW) provided in ATTACHMENT (I). 2. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: From 1 April 2026 to 15 June 2026 3. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Contractor"s Facility 4. OFFER: Offerors must provide all information required by this solicitation no later than 9 March 2026 at 10:00 AM Japan Standard Time (JST). 5. WORK ITEM INFORMATION: Access to the work specification package listed in Section J as Attachment (I) may only be accessed through DoD SAFE. DoD SAFE is a secure U.S. Government repository which enables the sharing of large files and requires outside users to receive a drop-off request from the U.S. Government. Therefore, any offeror intending to provide a proposal to this solicitation shall request access by sending an email to: kazuya.iwanaga.ln@us.navy.mil, peterjommel.s.arrieta.ln@us.navy.mil by 13 February 2026 10:00 am JST. Once the U.S. Government receives the offeror"s access request, the U.S. Government will provide the offeror with a link and instructions to retrieve Attachment (I). Offerors shall note that access is only available for 14 days once sent. When submitting your proposal, you must specify any hazardous material in accordance with FAR 52.223-3 (Hazardous Material ID) and DFARS 252.223-7001. When submitting your proposal, you must specify if you anticipate sea transportation in accordance with DFARS 252.247-7022. If there is a time limit on your offer, you must specify this at submission of your proposal. If there are any amendments to this RFP, please acknowledge them when submitting your proposal in the proposal comment section. If you have any questions concerning this Solicitation, please feel free to contact me at kazuya.iwanaga.ln@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/303fe6af975649749e81b8753f757fba/view)