---
layout: default
title: J063--RFI 36C26226Q0700 LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System 36C262-26-AP-4628
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: e93044e298794149acfd8870cdf18a6b
---

# J063--RFI 36C26226Q0700 LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System 36C262-26-AP-4628

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-23 03:37:09.957-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0700
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) SOURCES SOUGHT IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR MARKET RESEARCH AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION 1. Responses to this Sources Sought must be in writing. The purpose of this Sources Sought Announcement is for market research only to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of Small Businesses, including Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses and Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB/VOSB), who are interested in submitting proposals for this procurement and who are capable of performing the work required for this procurement. 2. The suggested NAICS for this requirement is 561621 Security Systems Services (except Locksmiths). 3. The Contractor shall deliver LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System OR EQUAL that can meet the required Salient Characteristics (see attached Draft) to VA Medical Center located at 11301 Wilshire Blvd, Los Angeles CA 90073. 4. The required services shall be provided by the contractor along with all resources necessary to accomplish the deliverables described in Statement of Work (SOW). See attached Draft SOW. 5. Interested and capable Contractors are encouraged to respond to this notice not later than Wednesday, May 6, 2026, at 4:30 PM Pacific Time (PT), by providing the following information via email only to Dyne.Kim@va.gov. (a) Company name (b) Address (c) Point of contact (d) Phone, fax, and email of primary point of contact (e) Contractor s Unique Entity ID (SAM) number (f) Type of small business, if applicable, (e.g. Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), 8(a), HUB-Zone, Woman Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, or Small Business). (g) Statement indicating whether your company is considered small under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI. Responses are welcome to specify a different NAICS in which they could meet this requirement. (h) Statement indicating the brand name, model, and product description of the LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System OR EQUAL product referenced above that you intend to provide for this procurement. (i) Statement indicating the name of the company whose LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System OR EQUAL product you intend to provide, the country of origin for the LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System OR EQUAL product you intend to provide, and whether the company that manufactures that product is a small business under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI, or a different NAICS. Please elaborate whether the Buy American Statute and/or Trade agreement apply to the product that you intent to provide for this procurement. (j) Statement indicating whether you are an authorized distributor of the LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System OR EQUAL product that you intend to provide for this procurement or not. If you intend to provide a LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System OR EQUAL product manufactured by a company other than your own, please include an approval letter from the manufacturer accepting you as an authorized distributor and answer the following questions: Does your firm exceed 500 employees (or 150 employees for the Information Technology Value Added Reseller exception to NAICS Code 541519)?Â Is your firm primarily engaged in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sells the type of item you intend to provide? Does your firm take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? Will your firm supply the end item of a small business manufacturer, processor or producer made in the United States, or obtains a waiver of such requirement pursuant to 13 CFR 121.406(b)(5)? If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above (or equivalent product/solution), do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified? Notice: No gray market or remanufactured items will be acceptable. Gray market items are Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) good sold through unauthorized channels in direct competition with authorized distributors. This procurement is for new equipment only. The vendor shall be an OEM, authorized dealer, authorized distributor, authorized reseller, verified by an authorization letter or other documents from the OEM. (k) Statement indicating if you have a current contract to provide the LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System OR EQUAL product that you intend to provide for this procurement under either the General Services Administration (GSA) Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) or with the VA National Acquisition Center (NAC), National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Solutions for Enterprise-Wide Procurement (SEWP), or any other federal contract. If yes, provide the contract type and contract number, identity the federal agency with whom you hold that contract, and whether the product you intend to supply under this procurement is listed on your referenced schedule/contract. (l) Statement indicating how many calendar days after receipt of order (ARO) you estimate it would take you to deliver the LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System OR EQUAL product that you intend to provide for this procurement to the requesting facility. (m) General pricing for your LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System OR EQUAL product. This information will be used for VA internal market research purposes and pricing information received in response to this RFI will not be shared by the Contract Specialist. Item Number Description/Part Number Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price Amount ( EQUAL TO ITEMS SATISFYING THE SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS LISTED IN THE STATEMENT OF WORK (DRAFT) WILL BE ACCEPTED FOR ANY ITEM LISTED BELOW WILL BE ACCEPTED; 0001 LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System (SSA,LYNX,ENTERPRISE SERVER) OR EQUAL (BASE YEAR) 1 YR Â Â 1001 LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System (SSA,LYNX,ENTERPRISE SERVER) OR EQUAL (OPTION YEAR 1) 1 YR 2001 LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System (SSA,LYNX,ENTERPRISE SERVER) OR EQUAL (OPTION YEAR 2) 1 YR 3001 LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System (SSA,LYNX,ENTERPRISE SERVER) OR EQUAL (OPTION YEAR 3) 1 YR 4001 LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System (SSA,LYNX,ENTERPRISE SERVER) OR EQUAL (OPTION YEAR 4) 1 YR TOTAL Â (n) Provide documented self-attestation/certification that the LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System OR EQUAL product you intend to provide for this procurement meets any regulatory expectations by the U.S. Government (ea. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) classification system of medical devices, places ceiling lifts as Class I category. Class I devices are deemed to be low risk, and manufacturers/authorized distributors are allowed to self-declare that they conform to all required standards. ) (o) A capability statement that provides detailed information for one or more reference contracts that demonstrate your experience providing LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System OR EQUAL product that meets the requirements described in the attached Draft Salient Characteristics. GENERAL STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITY ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract the respondent identifies as evidence of the respondent s capability to perform the work required by this procurement. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract: (1) the legal name of entity with whom the respondent held the contract; (2) the contract number; (3) a description providing details of the specific tasks the respondent performed under that contract other than delivery of the requested product; (4) the dates during which the respondent performed the contract; (5) the name, phone number, and email address of a person at the entity with whom the respondent held the contract who can verify the information the respondent provides regarding this reference contract. NOTE: The information requested above is required for the Government to evaluate whether there are sufficient small business concerns of a particular type who are capable of performing the work required by this procurement to determine if this procurement should be set aside for a given type of small business concern. failure to submit all of the information requested above to support a respondent s claimed experience may be viewed by the government as evidence that the respondent lacks the ability to provide the LynxGuide Duress Panic Alarm System OR EQUAL product required by this procurement. this, in turn, may affect the government s determination about whether the requirements for a set-aside procurement have been met. 5. All Offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database found at https://www.sam.gov. Registration must include Representations and Certifications. --End of Sources Sought Announcement-- DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: dyne.kim@va.gov
  - Title: Dyne Kim
  - Email: dyne.kim@va.gov
  - Phone: 562-826-8000

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/e93044e298794149acfd8870cdf18a6b/view)