---
layout: default
title: Kennedy Space Center (KSC) Launch Ascent Imagery
agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 1d985aab79ad4481ae7e35b101308afb
---

# Kennedy Space Center (KSC) Launch Ascent Imagery

- Agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-17 10:06:28.989-04
- Solicitation Number: 80TECH26RFI0011

## Summary

The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Information Technology Procurement Office (ITPO) is hereby soliciting information from potential sources on obtaining Launch Ascent Imagery as a service on an as needed basis for NASA Exploration Ground Systems (EGS) Program vehicle launches for NASA Kennedy Space Center (KSC). Reductions in Program budgets and a reduced launch manifest have driven the EGS Communications Office to request information for a possible procurement of Launch Ascent Imagery as a service. With a general cadence of one (1) launch per year. The goal would be to obtain this capability from commercial entities that are able to provide a viable service. This document is for information and planning purposes only and also to allow industry the opportunity to verify reasonableness and feasibility of the requirement, as well as promote competition. NASA ITPO is seeking capability statements from all interested parties, including all socioeconomic categories of Small Businesses and Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU)/Minority Institutions (MI) for the purposes of determining the appropriate level of competition and/or small business subcontracting goals for Launch Ascent Imagery as a service on an as needed basis for NASA Exploration Ground Systems (EGS) Program vehicle launches. The Government reserves the right to consider a Small, 8(a), Women-owned (WOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran (SD-VOSB), Economically Disadvantaged Women-owned Small Business (EDWOSB) or HUBZone business set-aside based on responses received. No solicitation exists; therefore, do not request a copy of the solicitation. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on SAM.gov. Interested firms are responsible for monitoring this website for the release of any solicitation or synopsis. The key details are summarized below: Remotely operable: launch ascent imagery that will allow remote operations control of optical tracking systems. Interoperable: subsystems to be installed on any tracking gimbal/turret of the fleet with or without shore power. Products should provide TBD imagery file formats. Interoperable: subsystems to be located or installed may be configured with or without shore power but should be declared to assess ground services availability. Products should provide TBD imagery file formats. Standardized: launch ascent imagery systems main architecture should be standardized. Flexible: mobilization of launch ascent imagery systems within no less than 24 hours prior to mission launch. Multi-spectral imaging support: systems that deliver high-speed visual imagery, infrared imagery, and multi-focal length imagery. Multi-tracking: optical tracking systems that will generate test data on several targets simultaneously from multiple deployed locations. Accurate track/quality track: Consistently smooth, properly framed areas of interest throughout the ascent profile for each deployed location. Movable and transportable over test range (some part of the fleet): allowing for optimized positioning on the ranges, changes to ground camera sites, or inter-ranges movements as required by operational needs. Efficient Operations: easy setup for various flight test scenarios including preprocessing, simulation, tracking planning. Short Range Tracked Imagery: acquire and deliver launch imagery from a distance of approximately 1200 feet from the launch vehicle. Imagery acquisition equipment is usually located inside the Pad B perimeter fence and typically acquires first motion to loss of view. The imagery acquisition timeframe for Short Range Tracked Imagery is typically, from T-10 seconds through loss of sight. Due to the proximity to Pad B, any imagery acquisition equipment must be remotely operated. Medium-Range Tracked Imagery: acquire and deliver launch imagery from a site that is located approximately five miles from the launch pad. The imagery acquisition timeframe for Medium Range Tracked Imagery is typically from T-0 through loss of sight. The medium range sites may or may not be in the Blast Danger or Flight Caution Areas which will potentially limit personnel access. Long Range Tracked Imagery: acquire and deliver launch imagery from a site that is located between five and 40 miles away from the launch pad Imagery acquisition timeframe for Long Range Tracked Imagery is typically from T-0 (or Acquisition of Vehicle [AOV]) through loss of sight but must include imagery of SRB separation. The Launch Abort System (LAS) Tracked Imagery: unique in that an activation of the LAS can happen at any moment after the system is armed. Upon activation, separation will occur at a high rate of speed. The Launch Ascent Imagery service will potentially replace the currently utilized mobile Kineto Tracking Mounts/Ascent Imagery Systems. We are seeking to modernize the capability to capture optical imagery of launches, provide high-resolution imagery of local flight test events and offer situational awareness to launch personnel. Solutions to provide High-Definition imaging may be used alone or in conjunction with other systems to provide the required capability. See NASA-STD-2818 (ver. 3) - DIGITAL TELEVISION FOR NASA (https://standards.nasa.gov/documents/detail/3314900) as an example. Responders to this RFI are encouraged to comment on any or all the foregoing and to express their interest for the proposed acquisition by submitting the following information: Provide recommendations where performance can be traded for reduced costs. The Vendor should indicate what part of the overall capability your proposed solution addresses The Vendor should indicate how your solution works The Vendor should indicate the limitations of your system The Vendor should indicate what the power requirements of your system whether shore power or mobile power The Vendor should indicate the need for external cooling The Vendor should indicate any mitigations to assure operations in harsh outdoor environments / applications such as heat, salt water, wind, rain, etc. The Vendor should indicate maturity and previous experiences acquiring imagery using your system The Vendor should indicate if your response represents a new development (prototype) or stable, tested platform? The Vendor should indicate the estimated time to configure the system for operational capability The Vendor should indicate if lighting is required or provided for this solution The Vendor should quantify the capability of your solution to capture imagery in low light The Vendor should indicate how quickly imagery can be delivered following the acquisition event The Vendor will specify any support, material, equipment, and/or permitting needed from NASA to enable the acquisition of imagery during an event. The Vendor should indicate any Requirements noted in this RFI that cannot be met with their capabilities. The vendor should also indicate what may need to be provided by NASA so they can meet those requirements. The Vendor should indicate which components of any proposed system currently exists as COTS, or slightly modified COTS. If significant Non Recurring Engineering (NRE) will be required to design or develop any new components of a proposed system, the Vendor shall identify these components as a “NEW DESIGN”. The Vendor should explain any other proposed methods/capabilities they feel would meet or closely compare to the NASA Requirements based on their expertise/experience. Cost: Although not mandatory for responding to this RFI, the Vendor optionally provide a ROM (Rough Order of Magnitude) cost estimate for this effort that can be used to develop budgetary forecasting. This information will be secured as proprietary information and not retained as a quote or for any potential procurement that may or may not be realized in the future. Qualification and/or Flight Heritage: Although not required for responding to this the vendor may optionally provide details on any previous qualification efforts or reports pertaining to any or all imagery services they have provided for similar events. This may include any tests, analyses, certifications, or specific history pertaining to acquired imagery. Vendors who possess the necessary capabilities to meet or surpass the stated requirements are encouraged to submit relevant documentation. This includes company literature, brochures, and references that demonstrate their expertise and suitability for this effort. Required Documentation: Each vendor must provide documentation that clearly outlines their company’s core competencies, including skills, knowledge, expertise, and available vessels. Additionally, vendors should include concise examples of past performance in delivering similar services. Response Format and Limitations: Responses to the Request for Information (RFI) must not exceed twenty (20) pages in length. Vendors should also indicate whether the requirement should be classified as a commercial or commercial-type product, according to the definition in FAR 2.101. Submission Instructions: All responses must be submitted electronically via email to Kimberly Sandoz at kimberly.r.sandoz@nasa.gov and Sara Stuart at sara.stuart@nasa.gov by 04/24/2026, 12:00 PM CST. Please ensure that the reference number 80TECH26RFI0011 is included in your response. Responses may be provided as a single printed hardcopy or electronically as a Microsoft Word (.doc) and/or Microsoft Excel (.xls) file for each submission. Any referenced notes can be accessed at the URLs provided in the solicitation. Cover Sheet Requirements: Each RFI response must include a cover sheet containing the following information: RFI Solicitation Number and Title Responding Organization (including address, point of contact, phone number, business size, cage code, and UEI) A brief synopsis of the RFI response in fewer than 20 words The section number that your response addresses Potential partnerships (industry, international, or U.S. government agencies) Indication of whether your company is available for a site visit This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government nor will the Government pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kimberly Sandoz
  - Email: kimberly.r.sandoz@nasa.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Sara Stuart
  - Email: sara.stuart@nasa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1d985aab79ad4481ae7e35b101308afb/view)