---
layout: default
title: Emerging Technology Advisor and Contracting Officer’s Representative
agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: c5c6cdf834004bb699fea01c5ef7b858
---

# Emerging Technology Advisor and Contracting Officer’s Representative

- Agency: STATE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 11:57:55.385-04
- Solicitation Number: PSC-26-019-INL

## Summary

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE BUREAU OF INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT AFFAIRS (INL) You have received this "Personal Services Contractor” (PSC) solicitation through the Department of State (DOS) Internet site. If you have any questions regarding this PSC, you may contact the DOS Official named in this solicitation. The Department is not responsible for any data and/or text not received when retrieving this document electronically. Amendments to solicitation documents generally contain information critical to the submission of an application. Position Title: Emerging Technology Advisor and Contracting Officer’s Representative Location: Kyiv, Ukraine Salary Level: FS-02 - $102,409-$150,391 (Equivalent GS-14) Period of performance: The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. Issuance Date: March 18, 2026 Closing Date: April 1, 2026 Closing Time: 3:00 PM ET Solicitation Number: PSC-26-019-INL Job description: See below Dear Prospective Offerors: The Department of State is seeking offers from qualified U.S. citizens to provide personal services for the subject position under a personal services contract, as described in this solicitation. Submittals must be in accordance with the attached information at the place and time specified. Applicants interested in applying for this position MUST submit the following materials: 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Complete resume. In order to fully evaluate your offer your resume must include: a. Paid a non-paid experience, job title, location(s), dates held (month/year), and hours worked per week for each position. Dates (month/year) and locations for any overseas experience must also be detailed. Any experience that does not include dates (month/year), locations, and hours per week will not be counted towards meeting the solicitation requirements. b. Specific duties performed that fully detail the level and complexity of the work. c. Names and contact information (phone and email) of your current and/or previous supervisor(s). d. Education and any other qualifications including job-related training courses, job-related skills, or job-related honors, awards or accomplishments. e. U.S. Citizenship Note: Resume must contain explicit information to make a valid determination that the candidate meets the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information needs to be clearly identified in the resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. 3. Evaluation Factor document specifically addressing: Each of the Evaluation Factors shown in the solicitation below. Responses must be limited to 500 words per Evaluation Factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Note: The Evaluation Factors are worth 70 out of 100 points. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have receive that are relevant to each Factor. 4. Professional References: Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Additional documents submitted will not be accepted. Incomplete or late offers will not be considered. Complete applications must be emailed to: U.S. Department of State, ATT: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team, INLPSCTeam@state.gov Sincerely, Jamillah Timmons Contracting Officer, U.S. Department of State SUBJECT A solicitation for a Personal Services Contractor (PSC), Department of State (DOS), Bureau for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL). The United States Government (USG), represented by the DOS, seeks applications from US citizens interested in providing PSC services as described in this solicitation. PRE-AWARD ETHICAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF PSC (JUN 2011) This solicitation may result in the award of one or more personal services contracts as defined in FAR 2.101. Prior to contract award, all offerors or quotes must advise the cognizant Contracting Officer if they have a personal conflict of interest, such as a financial conflict, that would prevent them from either meeting the requirements of the clause entitled, “Post-Award Ethical Responsibilities of Personal Services Contractors,” or otherwise objectively performing their contractual duties upon contract award. HOW TO APPLY Offerors proposal shall be in accordance with the requirements stated in this solicitation at the place and time specified. A proposal will be determined non-responsive and ineligible for consideration unless all required documents and information are included in the submission. Offerors shall ensure their resume demonstrates their possession of the minimum qualifications outlined in this Solicitation, as well as their ability to fulfill all required duties. The Government is not responsible for any costs incurred by the offeror during the solicitation process. NOTE REGARDING GOVERNMENT OBLIGATIONS FOR THIS SOLICITATION This solicitation in no way obligates the Department of State to award a PSC contract, nor does it commit the Department of State to pay any cost incurred in the preparation and submission of the application. Proposals must include the following and not exceed twenty (20) pages (additional pages will not be accepted or reviewed): 1. Form SF-171 (Completed and signed) 2. Resume 3. Evaluation Factor Responses 4. Three (3) names and contact information (phone and email) of current and/or previous supervisors to serve as professional references. Note: Your resume should contain explicit information to make a valid determination that you fully meet the experience requirements as stated in this solicitation. This information should be clearly identified in your resume. Failure to provide explicit information to determine your qualifications for the position will result in loss of full consideration. Additional documents submitted beyond the requirements will not be accepted or reviewed. *** ONE PDF ATTACHMENT IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. Following Russia's full-scale invasion in February 2022, INL expanded its program to assist the Ministry of Internal Affairs to meet its broadened wartime mandate by surging emergency equipment and specialized training for law enforcement to operate in new and modified wartime roles. These roles include maintaining and restoring law and order; securing borders; countering smuggling; disposing of explosive ordnance; protecting critical infrastructure; investigating war crimes; and acting as first responders to rescue victims of Russia's attacks on civilian targets. Since the war started, INL has invested heavily in training and equipping the roughly 100,000 National Police of Ukraine (NPU) and State Border Guard Service (SBGS) currently serving on or near the front lines and provides targeted assistance to the National Guard of Ukraine (NGU). After the war, law enforcement will use this training and equipment to enforce a future ceasefire line and maintain law and order to achieve the goal of durable peace and support a stable operating environment for American businesses. Successfully delivering this assistance to Ukraine requires INL to coordinate closely with U.S. government personnel, vendors, and transportation companies to procure equipment and services, as well as with other donors in the law enforcement and criminal justice sectors. INL leads efforts to ensure effective coordination among the different stakeholders working in Ukraine while advocating for increased burden sharing. This Personal Services Contract (PSC) will fill the new position of Emerging Technology Advisor (TA) and Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) at the U.S. Embassy Kyiv. The TA/COR will provide strategic guidance and advice on high priority acquisitions, particularly technologically advanced and complex drone and counter drone procurements. The TA/COR will execute Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR), Grants Officer Representative (GOR), and Agreement Officer’s Representative (AOR) functions. The TA/COR must be able to work rapidly and respond promptly to evolving priorities in a demanding environment. The position requires experience validating and procuring advanced technology platforms, contracting expertise, and knowledge of foreign assistance. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the INL/Kyiv Management Officer or his/her designee, the TA/COR will perform the following duties: 1. Serve as INL/Kyiv’s Lead COR, improving the efficiency and quality of contract oversight for priority programs. 2. Supervise 3-5 Locally Employed Staff (LES), provide on-the-job training, and advise embedded program CORs and Government Technical Monitors (GTMs) to ensure consistency in guidance and performance evaluation. 3. Establish and maintain comprehensive electronic COR files (ILMS/A-COR) in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), and Department regulations; protect privileged procurement information. 4. Serve as the primary liaison between contractors and the Contracting Officer (CO); represent INL/Ukraine interests with interagency partners and the Government of Ukraine (GOU). 5. Develop and maintain productive working relationships with American, Ukrainian, ally and partner law enforcement agencies, as well as criminal justice stakeholders. 6. Work with program managers and stakeholders to define contractual scope, requirements, milestones, and technical specifications for equipment and services. 7. Identify appropriate contracting mechanisms; prepare, assign, and review solicitation packages; and assist the CO with vendor analysis, selection, and negotiations. 8. Advise on the development and clearance of procurement packages; revise and approve drafts of contracts and purchase orders within ILMS. 9. Monitor contractor technical progress, expenditures, and adherence to work plans through direct observation, site visits, and review of deliverables. 10. Provide technical clarification on specifications; ensure contractors meet all terms, conditions, and schedules; and verify the use of key personnel. 11. Conduct or oversee acceptance tests; identify deficiencies in workmanship or materials; and notify the CO and Contractor in writing of any performance failures or necessary changes to the Scope of Work. 12. Recommend and implement corrective actions for problems interfering with progress; refer issues involving additional cost or time to the CO. 13. Verify delivery of items; review and approve invoices for payment; and authorize payments upon satisfactory performance. 14. Oversee third-party contractor activities regarding budgets, financial projections, recoveries, and general fiscal issues. 15. Ensure the U.S. government meets obligations to the contractor, such as providing Government Furnished Equipment or timely document reviews. 16. As needed, update relevant trackers, provide site visit reports, and contribute to the annual EUM Report and CPARS evaluations. 17. Inform the CO upon work completion and finalize all required closeout documentation. 18. When required, performs the role of Duty Officer. 19. Performs other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAINING & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. This position requires eligibility for FAC-COR Level II certification. The Federal Acquisition Institute (https://www.fai.gov/certification/fac-cor) provides the required training and experience requirements for obtaining the FAC-COR certification. The PSC must have all the requisite education and experience for obtaining a FAC-COR Level II certification in accordance with the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) Requirements of the FAI FAC-COR Certification program prior to coming on board but will be granted 30 days to take the Department of State specific online or in-person training to receive a DOS FAC-COR Level II Certificate. The PSC must acquire a FAC-COR Level III certification within one (01) year of coming on board. 2. Completion of the following National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) training: • Grants Officer Representative (PY472, PY474, PY476 and PY478) distance learning (DL) to obtain GOR certification within 45 days of arriving at Post. Certification must continue throughout life of contract. • Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course within six (06) months of arriving at Post • Mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) prior to deployment 3. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 4. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the U.S. Embassy Kyiv, Ukraine. Occasional travel to Washington, as well as regional travel in Europe is required. The Advisor must be able to work independently in remote areas for short periods when conducting field visits or program oversight. RELATIONSHIPS The TA/COR will report to the INL/Kyiv Management Officer and liaise and coordinate with INL/EA staff in Washington, DC. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the INL/Kyiv Management Officer or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government's requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The INL/Kyiv Management Officer will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COR AUTHORITIES & LIMITATIONS The TA/COR is delegated the authority to act for the CO in matters concerning technical clarification, inspection and, after concurrence by the CO, acceptance of Contractor performance under the contract, including preparation of receiving reports, and authorization of payments when appropriate. The TA/COR is not authorized to alter or modify the specifications or the contract terms and the conditions or waive the government's requirement, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. Such changes must be authorized, in writing, to the Contracting Officer. The COR will coordinate all work with the Contractor and review Contractor's performance at significant stages of its development. The COR will be responsible for: • Operating strictly within the legal scope of COR authority, using sound judgment and protecting sensitive procurement information. • Maintaining a thorough understanding of all contract terms, provisions, and technical requirements to ensure full contractor compliance. • Performing continuous monitoring and site visits to verify progress and fulfill duties as the designated property administrator. • Maintaining a strong working relationship with the Contracting Officer, providing prompt written notification of any performance deviations or failures. • Documentation & Reporting: Managing comprehensive COR files and preparing formal performance assessments for the CPARS system. DELIVERABLES/REPORTS The deliverables required under this PSC shall include monthly status reports, monthly evaluation of contractor/grantee performance, special reports when required and completion of assignment reports. The completions of assignment reports are due no later than fifteen (15) days prior to the expiration of this contract. The Personal Service Contractor shall submit two (2) copies of each report as required to the following: 1. INL/Kyiv Management Officer 2. INL/Kyiv Director 3. INL/Kyiv Deputy Director 4. INL/EA Ukraine Team Lead COMPLEXITY This role requires the planning and execution of intricate financial and organizational analyses within a high-profile and politically sensitive environment. The incumbent must remain highly adaptive, responding effectively to shifting priorities and urgent needs. Success in this position depends on the ability to narrow complex programmatic challenges into their core components to accurately assess scope and impact. The TA/COR must possess the analytical ability to interpret the intent of legislation and policy, successfully converting high-level mandates into practical and effective program operations. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS The TA/COR performs broad and extensive assignments related to a complex administrative and financial duties for programs spanning citizen safety, law enforcement, rule of law, and counternarcotics programs in Ukraine. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance. (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required). 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution in project management, public administration, law enforcement, international relations, or related field. 3. A minimum of four (4) years of experience directly managing highly complex, multi-million-dollar value contracts/acquisitions, of which includes a minimum of two (2) years of experience serving as a COR. 4. A minimum of one (1) year of professional experience validating technical requirements for advanced hardware or software platforms. Candidates must demonstrate expertise in evaluating technical specifications for equipment used in security, law enforcement, or defense operations; this experience may include, but is not limited to, technologies such as UAS/C-UAS, thermal/optical sensors, encrypted communications, or similar emerging electronics. 5. Demonstrated training or professional experience with federal contract administration and acquisition principles, policies, regulations, and procedures. 6. Demonstrated professional experience working in international environments. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1: Contract Management/Federal Acquisitions (25 Points) Demonstrated experience overseeing high-dollar contracts, ensuring compliance with Statements of Work and deliverables; evaluating and documenting contractor performance through Quality Assurance Surveillance Plans (QASP). Ability to develop others' skills in these areas. Comprehensive understanding of contract administration principles, policies, and regulations, including Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) and the government acquisition process. Experience reviewing and drafting pre-award documents such as Independent Government Cost Estimates, Performance Work Statements, QASPs, and Source Selection Technical Evaluation Factors. Foreign assistance experience preferred. Factor 2: High-Tech Equipment Acquisition & Integration Expertise (20 points) Demonstrated experience working with counterparts and program managers in validating and integrating high tech platforms like drones, software, hardware, and other sophisticated technologies. Demonstrated ability to successfully implement a project from concept to execution. Factor 3: Communications (15 points) Direct experience drafting technical reports, position evaluation statements, and formal correspondence regarding sensitive management issues. Skilled at explaining and defending complex determinations to ensure strict adherence to applicable laws and regulatory guidelines. Capable of advising program officials and managing high-stakes interactions with managers and staff at all levels to resolve sensitive operational challenges. Factor 4: International Experience and Coordination (10 points) Demonstrated experience managing programs in foreign environments; to include ability to live, work, and travel in difficult conditions with limited support, manage programs in a complex and fluid environment, and show good judgment in challenging security situations. Previous experience working in countries undergoing security crises, and/or in Eastern Europe or Eurasia. Demonstrated experience building and maintaining relationships with U.S. government agencies, contractors, and foreign counterparts in law enforcement or the military. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in not receiving credit for all your relevant experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 25 points Factor #2 – 20 points Factor #3 – 15 points Factor #4 – 10 points Evaluation Factors – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant's writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee's FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker's Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: INL PSC Team
  - Email: INLPSCTeam@state.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VETERAN’S PREFERENCE Veteran’s preference is not applicable to this position therefore do not submit DD-214. ALL QUALIFIED APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED REGARDLESS OF AGE, RACE, COLOR, SEX, CREED, NATIONAL ORIGIN, LAWFUL POLITICAL AFFILIATION, NONDISQUALIFYING DISABILITY, MARITAL STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION, AFFILIATION WITH AN EMPLOYEE ORGANIZATION, OR OTHER NON-MERIT FACTOR. Equal employment opportunity policy - The United States government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service or other non-merit factor. Submit proposal via e-mail to the attention of: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov Direct questions regarding this solicitation to: INL/SAO/IM PSC Team E-mail: INLPSCTeam@state.gov INL will not accept proposals beyond the closing time/date; unless it can be determined DOS mishandled the proposal. GENERAL STATEMENT OF THE PURPOSE OF THIS CONTRACT Mission of the U.S. Department of State: The U.S. Department of State is the lead institution for the conduct of American diplomacy and the Secretary of State is the President’s principal foreign policy advisor. The Department of State’s mission is to advance U.S. national security interests, fight terrorism, protect U.S. interests abroad, and implement foreign policy initiatives that build a freer, prosperous, and secure world. Mission of the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL): The Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs (INL) is part of the Under Secretariat for Arms Control and International Security (T) within the Department of State (DOS). INL’s mission is to minimize the impact of international crime and illegal drugs on the United States and its citizens by providing effective foreign assistance and fostering global cooperation. Following Russia"s full-scale invasion in February 2022, INL expanded its program to assist the Ministry of Internal Affairs to meet its broadened wartime mandate by surging emergency equipment and specialized training for law enforcement to operate in new and modified wartime roles. These roles include maintaining and restoring law and order; securing borders; countering smuggling; disposing of explosive ordnance; protecting critical infrastructure; investigating war crimes; and acting as first responders to rescue victims of Russia"s attacks on civilian targets. Since the war started, INL has invested heavily in training and equipping the roughly 100,000 National Police of Ukraine (NPU) and State Border Guard Service (SBGS) currently serving on or near the front lines and provides targeted assistance to the National Guard of Ukraine (NGU). After the war, law enforcement will use this training and equipment to enforce a future ceasefire line and maintain law and order to achieve the goal of durable peace and support a stable operating environment for American businesses. Successfully delivering this assistance to Ukraine requires INL to coordinate closely with U.S. government personnel, vendors, and transportation companies to procure equipment and services, as well as with other donors in the law enforcement and criminal justice sectors. INL leads efforts to ensure effective coordination among the different stakeholders working in Ukraine while advocating for increased burden sharing. This Personal Services Contract (PSC) will fill the new position of Emerging Technology Advisor (TA) and Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) at the U.S. Embassy Kyiv. The TA/COR will provide strategic guidance and advice on high priority acquisitions, particularly technologically advanced and complex drone and counter drone procurements. The TA/COR will execute Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR), Grants Officer Representative (GOR), and Agreement Officer’s Representative (AOR) functions. The TA/COR must be able to work rapidly and respond promptly to evolving priorities in a demanding environment. The position requires experience validating and procuring advanced technology platforms, contracting expertise, and knowledge of foreign assistance. DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the direct supervision of the INL/Kyiv Management Officer or his/her designee, the TA/COR will perform the following duties: 1. Serve as INL/Kyiv’s Lead COR, improving the efficiency and quality of contract oversight for priority programs. 2. Supervise 3-5 Locally Employed Staff (LES), provide on-the-job training, and advise embedded program CORs and Government Technical Monitors (GTMs) to ensure consistency in guidance and performance evaluation. 3. Establish and maintain comprehensive electronic COR files (ILMS/A-COR) in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), Foreign Affairs Manual (FAM), and Department regulations; protect privileged procurement information. 4. Serve as the primary liaison between contractors and the Contracting Officer (CO); represent INL/Ukraine interests with interagency partners and the Government of Ukraine (GOU). 5. Develop and maintain productive working relationships with American, Ukrainian, ally and partner law enforcement agencies, as well as criminal justice stakeholders. 6. Work with program managers and stakeholders to define contractual scope, requirements, milestones, and technical specifications for equipment and services. 7. Identify appropriate contracting mechanisms; prepare, assign, and review solicitation packages; and assist the CO with vendor analysis, selection, and negotiations. 8. Advise on the development and clearance of procurement packages; revise and approve drafts of contracts and purchase orders within ILMS. 9. Monitor contractor technical progress, expenditures, and adherence to work plans through direct observation, site visits, and review of deliverables. 10. Provide technical clarification on specifications; ensure contractors meet all terms, conditions, and schedules; and verify the use of key personnel. 11. Conduct or oversee acceptance tests; identify deficiencies in workmanship or materials; and notify the CO and Contractor in writing of any performance failures or necessary changes to the Scope of Work. 12. Recommend and implement corrective actions for problems interfering with progress; refer issues involving additional cost or time to the CO. 13. Verify delivery of items; review and approve invoices for payment; and authorize payments upon satisfactory performance. 14. Oversee third-party contractor activities regarding budgets, financial projections, recoveries, and general fiscal issues. 15. Ensure the U.S. government meets obligations to the contractor, such as providing Government Furnished Equipment or timely document reviews. 16. As needed, update relevant trackers, provide site visit reports, and contribute to the annual EUM Report and CPARS evaluations. 17. Inform the CO upon work completion and finalize all required closeout documentation. 18. When required, performs the role of Duty Officer. 19. Performs other duties as requested and assigned that are directly related to this Statement of Work. TRAINING & DISTANCE LEARNING COURSES 1. This position requires eligibility for FAC-COR Level II certification. The Federal Acquisition Institute (https://www.fai.gov/certification/fac-cor) provides the required training and experience requirements for obtaining the FAC-COR certification. The PSC must have all the requisite education and experience for obtaining a FAC-COR Level II certification in accordance with the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR) Requirements of the FAI FAC-COR Certification program prior to coming on board but will be granted 30 days to take the Department of State specific online or in-person training to receive a DOS FAC-COR Level II Certificate. The PSC must acquire a FAC-COR Level III certification within one (01) year of coming on board. 2. Completion of the following National Foreign Affairs Training Center (NFATC) training: • Grants Officer Representative (PY472, PY474, PY476 and PY478) distance learning (DL) to obtain GOR certification within 45 days of arriving at Post. Certification must continue throughout life of contract. • Introduction to Working in an Embassy (PN113) distance-learning (DL) course within six (06) months of arriving at Post • Mandatory Foreign Affairs Counter-Threat (FACT) Course (CT650) prior to deployment 3. Works with the INL Program Office/Post to determine a timeline for completing the INL Staff Orientation and Readiness Training (SOAR). 4. Consultations with the INL Program Office may be required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE & TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS The place of performance for this position is the U.S. Embassy Kyiv, Ukraine. Occasional travel to Washington, as well as regional travel in Europe is required. The Advisor must be able to work independently in remote areas for short periods when conducting field visits or program oversight. RELATIONSHIPS The TA/COR will report to the INL/Kyiv Management Officer and liaise and coordinate with INL/EA staff in Washington, DC. The Contract Administrator shall be the INL Contracting Officer in Washington. In no instance shall the INL/Kyiv Management Officer or any other individual be authorized to alter or modify the terms and conditions of the contract or waive the Government"s requirements, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. The Contracting Officer must authorize such changes in writing. The INL/Kyiv Management Officer will provide yearly performance reviews to the INL/SAO/IM Contracting Officer in Washington, D.C. to contribute to the incumbent’s official yearly review. COR AUTHORITIES & LIMITATIONS The TA/COR is delegated the authority to act for the CO in matters concerning technical clarification, inspection and, after concurrence by the CO, acceptance of Contractor performance under the contract, including preparation of receiving reports, and authorization of payments when appropriate. The TA/COR is not authorized to alter or modify the specifications or the contract terms and the conditions or waive the government"s requirement, price, delivery, or other terms and conditions. Such changes must be authorized, in writing, to the Contracting Officer. The COR will coordinate all work with the Contractor and review Contractor"s performance at significant stages of its development. The COR will be responsible for: • Operating strictly within the legal scope of COR authority, using sound judgment and protecting sensitive procurement information. • Maintaining a thorough understanding of all contract terms, provisions, and technical requirements to ensure full contractor compliance. • Performing continuous monitoring and site visits to verify progress and fulfill duties as the designated property administrator. • Maintaining a strong working relationship with the Contracting Officer, providing prompt written notification of any performance deviations or failures. • Documentation & Reporting: Managing comprehensive COR files and preparing formal performance assessments for the CPARS system. DELIVERABLES/REPORTS The deliverables required under this PSC shall include monthly status reports, monthly evaluation of contractor/grantee performance, special reports when required and completion of assignment reports. The completions of assignment reports are due no later than fifteen (15) days prior to the expiration of this contract. The Personal Service Contractor shall submit two (2) copies of each report as required to the following: 1. INL/Kyiv Management Officer 2. INL/Kyiv Director 3. INL/Kyiv Deputy Director 4. INL/EA Ukraine Team Lead COMPLEXITY This role requires the planning and execution of intricate financial and organizational analyses within a high-profile and politically sensitive environment. The incumbent must remain highly adaptive, responding effectively to shifting priorities and urgent needs. Success in this position depends on the ability to narrow complex programmatic challenges into their core components to accurately assess scope and impact. The TA/COR must possess the analytical ability to interpret the intent of legislation and policy, successfully converting high-level mandates into practical and effective program operations. SCOPE & EFFECTIVENESS The TA/COR performs broad and extensive assignments related to a complex administrative and financial duties for programs spanning citizen safety, law enforcement, rule of law, and counternarcotics programs in Ukraine. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE The period of performance for this contract is twelve (12) months from the date of award with four (4) optional one-year extensions. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 1. U.S. citizenship with the ability to obtain and maintain Department of State Secret level security clearance, medical clearance, and ethics clearance. (Security clearance upgrade to Top Secret level may be required). 2. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution in project management, public administration, law enforcement, international relations, or related field. 3. A minimum of four (4) years of experience directly managing highly complex, multi-million-dollar value contracts/acquisitions, of which includes a minimum of two (2) years of experience serving as a COR. 4. A minimum of one (1) year of professional experience validating technical requirements for advanced hardware or software platforms. Candidates must demonstrate expertise in evaluating technical specifications for equipment used in security, law enforcement, or defense operations; this experience may include, but is not limited to, technologies such as UAS/C-UAS, thermal/optical sensors, encrypted communications, or similar emerging electronics. 5. Demonstrated training or professional experience with federal contract administration and acquisition principles, policies, regulations, and procedures. 6. Demonstrated professional experience working in international environments. EVALUATION FACTORS (Used to determine the competitive ranking of qualified offerors in comparison to other offerors.) Offerors should cite specific, illustrative examples for each factor. Responses must be limited to 500 words per factor. Any additional words above the limit will neither be read nor scored. Factor 1: Contract Management/Federal Acquisitions (25 Points) Demonstrated experience overseeing high-dollar contracts, ensuring compliance with Statements of Work and deliverables; evaluating and documenting contractor performance through Quality Assurance Surveillance Plans (QASP). Ability to develop others" skills in these areas. Comprehensive understanding of contract administration principles, policies, and regulations, including Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) and the government acquisition process. Experience reviewing and drafting pre-award documents such as Independent Government Cost Estimates, Performance Work Statements, QASPs, and Source Selection Technical Evaluation Factors. Foreign assistance experience preferred. Factor 2: High-Tech Equipment Acquisition & Integration Expertise (20 points) Demonstrated experience working with counterparts and program managers in validating and integrating high tech platforms like drones, software, hardware, and other sophisticated technologies. Demonstrated ability to successfully implement a project from concept to execution. Factor 3: Communications (15 points) Direct experience drafting technical reports, position evaluation statements, and formal correspondence regarding sensitive management issues. Skilled at explaining and defending complex determinations to ensure strict adherence to applicable laws and regulatory guidelines. Capable of advising program officials and managing high-stakes interactions with managers and staff at all levels to resolve sensitive operational challenges. Factor 4: International Experience and Coordination (10 points) Demonstrated experience managing programs in foreign environments; to include ability to live, work, and travel in difficult conditions with limited support, manage programs in a complex and fluid environment, and show good judgment in challenging security situations. Previous experience working in countries undergoing security crises, and/or in Eastern Europe or Eurasia. Demonstrated experience building and maintaining relationships with U.S. government agencies, contractors, and foreign counterparts in law enforcement or the military. BASIS OF RATING: Offerors who clearly meet the Education/Experience Requirements will be further evaluated based on scoring of the Evaluation Factor responses. Offerors are required to address each of the Evaluation Factors in a separate document describing specifically and accurately what experience, training, education and/or awards they have received that are relevant to each factor. Failure to specifically address the Evaluation Factors may result in not receiving credit for all your relevant experience, education, training and/or awards. The Offeror Rating System is as Follows: Evaluation Factors have been assigned the following points: Factor #1 – 25 points Factor #2 – 20 points Factor #3 – 15 points Factor #4 – 10 points Evaluation Factors – 70 Points Interview Performance – 30 points Satisfactory Professional Reference Checks – Pass/Fail (no points assigned) Past performance evaluation of applicant’s ability to perform under the contract. In conducting the evaluation, the U.S. government reserves the right to utilize all evaluation information available at the time of evaluation, whether provided by the applicant or obtained from other sources. Total Possible Points: 100 The most qualified candidates may be interviewed, required to provide a writing sample, and demonstrate an ability to operate commonly used office applications. INL will not pay for any expenses associated with the interviews. In addition, applications (written materials and interviews) will be evaluated based on content as well as on the applicant"s writing, presentation, and communication skills. In the event that an applicant has fully demonstrated his/her qualifications and there are no other competitive applicants, INL reserves the right to forego the interview process. Professional references will be evaluated for applicants being considered for selection. COMPENSATION (BASE PAY) This position has been designated at the FS-02 equivalent level ($102,409 - $150,391 per annum). Final compensation will be negotiated within the listed market value based upon qualifications, previous relevant experience and work history, salary and educational background. Salaries, including any recruitment supplemental pay that exceeds the listed pay range, will not be entertained or negotiated. For award, INL will negotiate for this contract based on the market value as outlined above and overall experience relevant to the solicitation requirements. BENEFITS & ALLOWANCES AS A MATTER OF POLICY, INL NORMALLY AUTHORIZES THE FOLLOWING BENEFITS AND ALLOWANCES BENEFITS - IF APPLICABLE • Employee"s FICA/Medicare Contribution • Contribution toward Health and Life Insurance • Pay Comparability Adjustment • Annual Increase • Eligibility for Worker"s Compensation • Annual, Sick and Home Leave • 401K Plan • MEDVAC (provided by DOS Med) ALLOWANCES IN ACCORDANCE WITH DEPARTMENT OF STATE STANDARDIZED REGULATIONS (DSSR) - IF APPLICABLE • Temporary Quarters Subsistence Allowance (TQSA) or Per Diem upon arrival at Post • Housing Allowance • Post Allowance • Supplemental Post Allowance • Maintenance Allowance (SMA) • Education Allowance • Educational Travel (full-time United States based secondary) • Post Hardship Differential • Danger Pay • Shipment of HHE, UAB, POV and Consumables

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c5c6cdf834004bb699fea01c5ef7b858/view)