---
layout: default
title: Rail Wear Gauge
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 9a1483de9937487bbb0971c00c32a5e8
---

# Rail Wear Gauge

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-19 13:36:56.315-04
- Solicitation Number: N6833526Q0407

## Summary

The Naval Air Warfare Center – Aircraft Division, Lakehurst (NAWCAD LKE) intends to solicit, negotiate, and award a firm-fixed-price contract on a limited competition basis for One-hundred thirteen (113) P/N 201015545-10 Rail Wear Gauge. This procurement is in support of the F-35 JSF Tool Control Program. In accordance with the specifications and dimensions provided herein. This procurement includes all associated certifications and test reports. Please see the attached Statement of Work and CLIN Structure. This limited competition will be between LJH Business Solutions LLC, (CAGE: 410A5) and their authorized distributors using FAR Part 12 and FAR Part 13 procedures. Delivery shall be FOB Destination (FAR 52.247-34). Early deliveries are acceptable at no additional cost to the Government. The anticipated delivery date shall be 24 June 2026. NAWCAD LKE HIGHWAY 547 Bldg 120 Rm 165 Joint Base MDL 08733 Note that this is strictly a limited competition between LJH Business Solutions and their authorized distributors. Solicitation Instructions: (i) This solicitation is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) in accordance with FAR Part 13 solicitation number N68335-26-Q-0407. (ii) The solicitation documents and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2024-01. (iii) See attachment 001 for the Statement of Work and attachment 0002 for the list of line items, quantities and units of measure. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 332216. (a)The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: 1. The Offerors will be required to provide all part numbers in accordance with the Descriptions and Part Numbers in Attachment 001 of this solicitation. Each Offeror will either be Eligible or Ineligible for award. If an Offeror does not provide the entire list of items, the Offeror will be deemed Ineligible for award. 2. Award will be made to the lowest price responsible Offeror that is deemed Eligible for award. Eligibility shall be determined by the following: Offeror provides an exact match of the part numbers listed in attachment 001 CLIN structure spreadsheet of this solicitation. The total evaluated price will be the sum of all CLINs for each part number listed in the attachment 002 CLIN structure spreadsheet. The proposed prices will be evaluated to determine if the Offeror’s prices are fair and reasonable. The Government will consider all responses received within fifteen days after the date of publication of this synopsis. A determination by the Government not to open the requirement to competition based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received as a result of the notice of intent will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. The offeror certifies that they will deliver the items according to the delivery date stated above. Note: earlier delivery at no additional charge to the Government is acceptable and encouraged. Shipping must be Free on Board (FOB) destination CONUS (Continental U.S.), which means that the seller must deliver the goods on its conveyance at the destination specified by the buyer, and the seller is responsible for the cost of shipping and risk of loss prior to actual delivery at the specified destination. All applicable shipping costs should be included in the unit prices of the equipment. The offeror certifies that the quote will be valid until 15 May 2026. By responding to this request for proposal (RFP) the Offeror certifies that that they can meet the following requirements as part of the Government’s responsibility determination and can provide justification/substantiation if requested: The vendor does have adequate resources to perform the contract, or the ability to obtain them (see FAR 9.104-3(a)); the vendor does have the necessary organization, experience, accounting and operational controls, and technical skills, or the ability to obtain them (including, as appropriate, such elements as production control procedures, property control systems, quality assurance measures, and safety programs applicable to materials to be produced or services to be performed by the prospective contractor and subcontractors). (See FAR 9.104-3(a)); the vendor does have the necessary production and technical equipment and facilities, or the ability to obtain them (see FAR 9.104-3(a)); and, the vendor is able, to comply with the required or proposed performance schedule, taking into consideration all existing commercial and governmental business commitments. All deliverables must be compliant with FAR 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting. FAR 52.204-24, FAR 52.204-27, and DFARS 252.225-7007 apply. Please submit a Firm-Fixed-Price proposal pursuant to the terms and conditions of this CSS N6833526Q0407 to this office on or before 01 April 2026, via email to: jeffrey.m.chelston.civ@us.navy.mil. If you need any additional information regarding the above, please contact Jeff Chelston at jeffrey.m.chelston.civ@us.navy.mil If this requirement is a commercial requirement as defined by FAR 2.101, the Commercial Item Checklist shall be filled out and submitted with the proposal. DFARS Clause 252.211-7003, Item Identification and Valuation may apply to this procurement. Any end items that have a unit acquisition cost of over $5,000 shall have the clause applied. The rail wear gauges of this solicitation are subject to, and shall be in accordance with, the Buy American Act and Berry Amendment. The resulting contract will contain clauses 52.225-1, 252.225-7012, and 252.225-7015 as appropriate. As of 13 August 2020, Section 889 of Public Law 115-232, “Prohibition on Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment,” Part B, took effect. The FAR Case 2019-009 rule prohibits the Government from contracting with an entity that uses certain telecommunications equipment or services produced by the entities listed in the statute. As a result of the above, the Clauses and Provisions associated with this rule are applicable to the resultant Delivery Order. As of 03 February 2021, interim Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) rule 2019-D041, Assessing Contractor Implementation of Cybersecurity Requirements, which was effective 30 November 2020. The interim rule amends the DFARS to incorporate requirements for assessment of contractor implementation of cybersecurity requirements and to enhance the protection of unclassified information within the DoD supply chain via the National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publication (NIST SP) 800-171 DoD Assessment Methodology and the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) framework. As a result of the above, the requirements referenced in Provision 252.204-7019, Notice of NIST SP 800- 171 DoD Assessment Requirements (NOV 2020); and Clauses 252.204-7020, NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements (NOV 2020) and 252.204-7021, Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification Requirement (NOV 2020) are applicable to the resultant contract. A current NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment must be posted in the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS), which will be reviewed prior to contract award. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items is incorporated. The additional provisions listed below are incorporated in this solicitations and are applicable prior to award: FAR 52.204-7: System for Award Management FAR 52.240-90: Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications FAR 52.209-7: Information Regarding Responsibility Matters FAR 52.225-18: Place of Manufacture The following clauses will be incorporated into the contract: -FAR 52.203-3: Gratuities -FAR 52.203-6: Restrictions On Subcontractor Sales To The Government (JUN 2020) -- Alternate I -FAR 52.203-12 Limitation On Payments To Influence Certain Federal Transactions -FAR 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights and Requirement To Inform -Employees of Whistleblower Rights -FAR 52.204-13: System for Award Management Maintenance -FAR 52.204-91 - Contractor Identification. -FAR 52.212-4 - Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. -FAR 52.223-5: Pollution Prevention and Right-to-Know Information -FAR 52.225-8 - Duty-Free Entry -FAR 52.227-1: Authorization and Consent -FAR 52.227-2: Notice And Assistance Regarding Patent And Copyright Infringement and Certifications. -FAR 52.229-3: Federal, State And Local Taxes -FAR 52.232-39: Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations -FAR 52.232-40: Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors -FAR 52.240-91: Security Prohibitions and Exclusions -FAR52.240-93: Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems -FAR 52.242-13: Bankruptcy -FAR 52.252-2: Clauses Incorporated By Reference -DFARS 252.203-7000: Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials -DFARS 252.203-7002: Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights -DFARS 252.203-7003: Agency Office of the Inspector General -DFARS 252.203-7005: Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials -DFARS 252.204-7003: Control Of Government Personnel Work Product -DFARS 252.204-7007: Alternate A, Annual Representations and Certifications -DFARS 252.204-7008: Compliance With Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls -DFARS 252.204-7009: Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information -DFARS 252.204-7016: Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services – Representation -DFARS 252.204-7017: Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services – Representation -DFARS 252.204-7018: Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services -DFARS 252.209-7004: Subcontracting With Firms That Are Owned or Controlled By The Government of a Country that is a State Sponsor of Terrorism -DFARS 252.211-7003: Item Unique Identification and Valuation -DFARS 252.211-7008: Use of Government-Assigned Serial Numbers -DFARS 252.215-7008: Only One Offer -DFARS 252.215-7013: Supplies and Services Provided by Nontraditional Defense Contractors -DFARS 252.217-7026: Identification of Sources of Supply -DFARS 252.223-7008: Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium -DFARS 252.225-7001: Buy American And Balance Of Payments Program—Basic -DFARS 252.225-7002: Qualifying Country Sources As Subcontractors -DFARS 252.225-7007: Prohibition on Acquisition of Certain Items from Communist Chinese Military Companies -DFARS 252.225-7008: Restriction on Acquisition of Specialty Metals -DFARS 252.225-7009: Restriction on Acquisition of Certain Articles Containing Specialty Metals -DFARS 252.225-7012: Preference For Certain Domestic Commodities -DFARS 252.225-7048: Export-Controlled Items -DFARS 252.226-7001: Utilization of Indian Organizations, Indian-Owned Economic Enterprises, and Native Hawaiian Small Business Concerns -DFARS 252.232-7003: Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports -DFARS 252.232-7006: Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions -DFARS 252.232-7010: Levies on Contract Payments -DFARS 252.240-7998 - Prohibition on the Procurement of Covered Semiconductor Products and Services from Companies Providing Covered Semiconductor Products and Services to Huawei— Representation -DFARS 252.243-7001: Pricing Of Contract Modifications -DFARS 252.243-7002: Requests for Equitable Adjustment -DFARS 252.244-7000: Subcontracts for Commercial Products or Commercial Services -DFARS 252.246-7007: Contractor Counterfeit Electronic Part Detection and Avoidance System -DFARS 252.246-7008: Sources of Electronic Parts The proposal shall be submitted electronically, ensuring that any electronic version of spreadsheets are Excel compatible, as applicable with formulas and links active, including any subcontracted work, to this office. It is important to note this CSS shall not be construed as obligating the Government to award a contract or authorizing work to commence and shall not serve as a basis for any future claims against the government. Please note that the offeror's SAM.gov entity registration needs to be active at the time of proposal submission through award in order for the offeror to be able to receive award. All questions regarding this effort should be addressed to Jeff Chelston at jeffrey.m.chelston.civ@us.navy.mil Attachment I: Statement of Work Attachment II: CLIN Structure

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jeff Chelston
  - Email: jeffrey.m.chelston.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2405775754

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: for the Statement of Work and attachment 0002 for the list of line items, quantities and units of measure. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 332216. (a)The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: 1. The Offerors will be required to provide all part numbers in accordance with the Descriptions and Part Numbers in Attachment 001 of this solicitation. Each Offeror will either be Eligible or Ineligible for award. If an Offeror does not provide the entire list of items, the Offeror will be deemed Ineligible for award. 2. Award will be made to the lowest price responsible Offeror that is deemed Eligible for award. Eligibility shall be determined by the following: Offeror provides an exact match of the part numbers listed in attachment 001 CLIN structure spreadsheet of this solicitation. The total evaluated price will be the sum of all CLINs for each part number listed in the attachment 002 CLIN structure spreadsheet. The proposed prices will be evaluated to determine if the Offeror’s prices are fair and reasonable. The Government will consider all responses received within fifteen days after the date of publication of this synopsis. A determination by the Government not to open the requirement to competition based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received as a result of the notice of intent will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. The offeror certifies that they will deliver the items according to the delivery date stated above. Note: earlier delivery at no additional charge to the Government is acceptable and encouraged. Shipping must be Free on Board (FOB) destination CONUS (Continental U.S.), which means that the seller must deliver the goods on its conveyance at the destination specified by the buyer, and the seller is responsible for the cost of shipping and risk of loss prior to actual delivery at the specified destination. All applicable shipping costs should be included in the unit prices of the equipment. The offeror certifies that the quote will be valid until 15 May 2026. By responding to this request for proposal (RFP) the Offeror certifies that that they can meet the following requirements as part of the Government’s responsibility determination and can provide justification/substantiation if requested: The vendor does have adequate resources to perform the contract, or the ability to obtain them (see FAR 9.104-3(a)); the vendor does have the necessary organization, experience, accounting and operational controls, and technical skills, or the ability to obtain them (including, as appropriate, such elements as production control procedures, property control systems, quality assurance measures, and safety programs applicable to materials to be produced or services to be performed by the prospective contractor and subcontractors). (See FAR 9.104-3(a)); the vendor does have the necessary production and technical equipment and facilities, or the ability to obtain them (see FAR 9.104-3(a)); and, the vendor is able, to comply with the required or proposed performance schedule, taking into consideration all existing commercial and governmental business commitments. All deliverables must be compliant with FAR 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting. FAR 52.204-24, FAR 52.204-27, and DFARS 252.225-7007 apply. Please submit a Firm-Fixed-Price proposal pursuant to the terms and conditions of this CSS N6833526Q0407 to this office on or before 01 April 2026, via email to: jeffrey.m.chelston.civ@us.navy.mil. If you need any additional information regarding the above, please contact Jeff Chelston at jeffrey.m.chelston.civ@us.navy.mil If this requirement is a commercial requirement as defined by FAR 2.101, the Commercial Item Checklist shall be filled out and submitted with the proposal. DFARS Clause 252.211-7003, Item Identification and Valuation may apply to this procurement. Any end items that have a unit acquisition cost of over $5,000 shall have the clause applied. The rail wear gauges of this solicitation are subject to, and shall be in accordance with, the Buy American Act and Berry Amendment. The resulting contract will contain clauses 52.225-1, 252.225-7012, and 252.225-7015 as appropriate. As of 13 August 2020, Section 889 of Public Law 115-232, “Prohibition on Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment,” Part B, took effect. The FAR Case 2019-009 rule prohibits the Government from contracting with an entity that uses certain telecommunications equipment or services produced by the entities listed in the statute. As a result of the above, the Clauses and Provisions associated with this rule are applicable to the resultant Delivery Order. As of 03 February 2021, interim Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS) rule 2019-D041, Assessing Contractor Implementation of Cybersecurity Requirements, which was effective 30 November 2020. The interim rule amends the DFARS to incorporate requirements for assessment of contractor implementation of cybersecurity requirements and to enhance the protection of unclassified information within the DoD supply chain via the National Institute of Standards and Technology Special Publication (NIST SP) 800-171 DoD Assessment Methodology and the Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) framework. As a result of the above, the requirements referenced in Provision 252.204-7019, Notice of NIST SP 800- 171 DoD Assessment Requirements (NOV 2020); and Clauses 252.204-7020, NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment Requirements (NOV 2020) and 252.204-7021, Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification Requirement (NOV 2020) are applicable to the resultant contract. A current NIST SP 800-171 DoD Assessment must be posted in the Supplier Performance Risk System (SPRS), which will be reviewed prior to contract award. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items is incorporated. The additional provisions listed below are incorporated in this solicitations and are applicable prior to award: FAR 52.204-7: System for Award Management FAR 52.240-90: Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications FAR 52.209-7: Information Regarding Responsibility Matters FAR 52.225-18: Place of Manufacture The following clauses will be incorporated into the contract: -FAR 52.203-3: Gratuities -FAR 52.203-6: Restrictions On Subcontractor Sales To The Government (JUN 2020) -- Alternate I -FAR 52.203-12 Limitation On Payments To Influence Certain Federal Transactions -FAR 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights and Requirement To Inform -Employees of Whistleblower Rights -FAR 52.204-13: System for Award Management Maintenance -FAR 52.204-91 - Contractor Identification. -FAR 52.212-4 - Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. -FAR 52.223-5: Pollution Prevention and Right-to-Know Information -FAR 52.225-8 - Duty-Free Entry -FAR 52.227-1: Authorization and Consent -FAR 52.227-2: Notice And Assistance Regarding Patent And Copyright Infringement and Certifications. -FAR 52.229-3: Federal, State And Local Taxes -FAR 52.232-39: Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations -FAR 52.232-40: Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors -FAR 52.240-91: Security Prohibitions and Exclusions -FAR52.240-93: Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems -FAR 52.242-13: Bankruptcy -FAR 52.252-2: Clauses Incorporated By Reference -DFARS 252.203-7000: Requirements Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials -DFARS 252.203-7002: Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights -DFARS 252.203-7003: Agency Office of the Inspector General -DFARS 252.203-7005: Representation Relating to Compensation of Former DoD Officials -DFARS 252.204-7003: Control Of Government Personnel Work Product -DFARS 252.204-7007: Alternate A, Annual Representations and Certifications -DFARS 252.204-7008: Compliance With Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls -DFARS 252.204-7009: Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information -DFARS 252.204-7016: Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services – Representation -DFARS 252.204-7017: Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services – Representation -DFARS 252.204-7018: Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services -DFARS 252.209-7004: Subcontracting With Firms That Are Owned or Controlled By The Government of a Country that is a State Sponsor of Terrorism -DFARS 252.211-7003: Item Unique Identification and Valuation -DFARS 252.211-7008: Use of Government-Assigned Serial Numbers -DFARS 252.215-7008: Only One Offer -DFARS 252.215-7013: Supplies and Services Provided by Nontraditional Defense Contractors -DFARS 252.217-7026: Identification of Sources of Supply -DFARS 252.223-7008: Prohibition of Hexavalent Chromium -DFARS 252.225-7001: Buy American And Balance Of Payments Program—Basic -DFARS 252.225-7002: Qualifying Country Sources As Subcontractors -DFARS 252.225-7007: Prohibition on Acquisition of Certain Items from Communist Chinese Military Companies -DFARS 252.225-7008: Restriction on Acquisition of Specialty Metals -DFARS 252.225-7009: Restriction on Acquisition of Certain Articles Containing Specialty Metals -DFARS 252.225-7012: Preference For Certain Domestic Commodities -DFARS 252.225-7048: Export-Controlled Items -DFARS 252.226-7001: Utilization of Indian Organizations, Indian-Owned Economic Enterprises, and Native Hawaiian Small Business Concerns -DFARS 252.232-7003: Electronic Submission of Payment Requests and Receiving Reports -DFARS 252.232-7006: Wide Area Workflow Payment Instructions -DFARS 252.232-7010: Levies on Contract Payments -DFARS 252.240-7998 - Prohibition on the Procurement of Covered Semiconductor Products and Services from Companies Providing Covered Semiconductor Products and Services to Huawei— Representation -DFARS 252.243-7001: Pricing Of Contract Modifications -DFARS 252.243-7002: Requests for Equitable Adjustment -DFARS 252.244-7000: Subcontracts for Commercial Products or Commercial Services -DFARS 252.246-7007: Contractor Counterfeit Electronic Part Detection and Avoidance System -DFARS 252.246-7008: Sources of Electronic Parts The proposal shall be submitted electronically, ensuring that any electronic version of spreadsheets are Excel compatible, as applicable with formulas and links active, including any subcontracted work, to this office. It is important to note this CSS shall not be construed as obligating the Government to award a contract or authorizing work to commence and shall not serve as a basis for any future claims against the government. Please note that the offeror"s SAM.gov entity registration needs to be active at the time of proposal submission through award in order for the offeror to be able to receive award. All questions regarding this effort should be addressed to Jeff Chelston at jeffrey.m.chelston.civ@us.navy.mil Attachment I: Statement of Work Attachment II: CLIN Structure

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9a1483de9937487bbb0971c00c32a5e8/view)