---
layout: default
title: 7220--Replacement of Ceiling Tiles
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: f9c9dadae54e4b038a7301c28bb26659
---

# 7220--Replacement of Ceiling Tiles

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-14 06:30:04.31-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0423
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Combined Synopsis Solicitation West Haven VAMC Ceiling Tiles (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number is 36C24126Q0414 and the solicitation is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). (iii) A statement that the solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2026-04. (iv) This requirement is being issued as a VOSB/SDVOSB set-aside. The associated NAICS 238330 and small business size standard is $16.5 million. (v) The Government intends to award a firm-fixed price award for Ceiling Tiles at West Haven VAMC. Please see the attached Performance Work Statement for full requirement details. Please complete the Price Schedule below and submit with the quote submission. (vi) The Contractor shall provide all resources necessary to provide Ceiling Tiles IAW the attached (Performance Work Statement). Please see the attached PWS for full requirement details. (vii) The Place of Performance is West Haven VAMC as described per the (Performance Work Statement). (viii) Provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial, applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the provision: 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998); 52.204-7 System for Award Management (OCT 2018); 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (JUL 2016); 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990); 852.252-70 Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference (JAN 2008) (ix) Provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Items, applies to this requirement. Site Visit: No site visit Submission of Quotes: (1) Quotes shall be received on or before the date and time specified in Section (xv) of this solicitation. Note: Offers received after the due date and time shall not be considered. (2) Offerors shall submit their quotes electronically via email to tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov. (3) Questions: Questions shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer in writing via e-mail. Oral questions are not acceptable due to the possibility of misunderstanding or misinterpretation. The cut-off date and time for receipt of questions is April 17 , 2026 by 12:00 PM EST. Questions received after this date and time may not be answered. Questions shall be answered in a formal amendment to the solicitation so all interested parties can see the answers. (4) Quote Format: The submission should be clearly indexed and logically assembled in order of the evaluation criteria below. All pages of the quote shall be appropriately numbered and identified by the complete company name, date and solicitation number in the header and/or footer. Evaluation Process: Award shall be made to the best value, as determined to be the most beneficial to the Government. Please read each section below carefully for the submittals and information required as part of the evaluation. Failure to provide the requested information below shall be considered non-compliant and your quote could be removed from the evaluation process. Offeror quotes shall be evaluated under FAR Part 13.106-2(b) -- Evaluation of Quotations or Offers. Therefore, the Government is not obligated to determine a competitive range, conduct discussions with all contractors, solicit final revised quotes, and use other techniques associated with FAR Part 15. The Government shall award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation shall be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers:Â Price (Follow these instructions): Offeror shall complete Attachment 1 - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor's business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due April 21, 2026 by 10:00 AM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is Tnauri.Woodbridge@va.gov) ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base Ceiling Tiles

1.00 JB __________________ __________________ GRAND TOTAL __________________ ATTACHMENT 2 PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 VA Connecticut Healthcare System 950 Campbell Avenue West Haven, CT 06516 The VA Connecticut Healthcare System s West Haven Campus is looking to procure Armstrong ceiling tiles with detailed specifications. Armstrong ceiling tile specifications are to be exactly as listed with no substitutions. Edge: square Lay-in 15/16 grid, white Dimensions: 24 x 24 x 7/8 (1445) and 24 x 48 x 7/8 (1448) Acoustics:

0.80 NRC (sound absorption), 35 CAC (sound blocking) Fire: Class A (UL) Light Reflectance: 86% Sag/Humidity Resistance: HumiGuard Plus Insulation Value: R Factor-BTU:

2.20 BTU, R Factor-Watts: 0.39 m2 K/W BioBlock: yes Water repellent, soil resistance, impact resistance, washable, scrubbable Material: mineral fiber Texture: fine Shape: rectangle Surface Finish: factory-applied latex paint on DuraBrite acoustically transparent membrane ASTM Classification: Type: IV, Form: 2, Pattern: E Installation Method: Grid (suspended) Quantities requested as listed. Armstrong 1445 Ultima Health Zone High NRC Ceiling Tile = Quantity of 400 Containers Armstrong 1448 Ultima Health Zone High NRC Ceiling Tile = Quantity of 230 Containers Privacy and HIPAA: Contractor policies and procedures shall comply with all VA Privacy and Security, the Privacy Act and Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tnauri Woodbridge
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov
  - Phone: 203-932-5711 x2892

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor"s business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due April 21, 2026 by 10:00 AM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: tnauri.woodbridge@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is Tnauri.Woodbridge@va.gov) ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base Ceiling Tiles
- Attachment 2: PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 VA Connecticut Healthcare System 950 Campbell Avenue West Haven, CT 06516 The VA Connecticut Healthcare System s West Haven Campus is looking to procure Armstrong ceiling tiles with detailed specifications. Armstrong ceiling tile specifications are to be exactly as listed with no substitutions. Edge: square Lay-in 15/16 grid, white Dimensions: 24 x 24 x 7/8 (1445) and 24 x 48 x 7/8 (1448) Acoustics:

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f9c9dadae54e4b038a7301c28bb26659/view)