---
layout: default
title: Y1DA--460-24-017 | Facility Master Plan
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 060b33c04c404c25874e35936f456655
---

# Y1DA--460-24-017 | Facility Master Plan

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 10:04:40.476-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24426R0072
- Awardee: null

## Summary

VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL CENTER, WILMINGTON, DE. FACILITY MASTER PLAN REQUEST FOR SF330 ACQUISITION INFORMATION: The Department of Veterans Affairs, VA Medical Center (VAMC), in Wilmington, DE is seeking professional Architectural and Engineering (A/E) services for a Facility Master Plan Architectural/Engineering Contract. This announcement is being issued in accordance with the Selection of Architects and Engineering firms (Public Law 92-582) and implemented in the Federal Acquisitions Regulations (FAR) Part 36. A/E firms permitted by law to practice the professions of Architecture or Engineering are requested to send 1 electronic copy of an SF330 (7/2021 Edition) and appropriate documentation from qualified and eligible firms classified as 100% SERVICE DISABLED VETERAN OWNED SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS (SDVOSB). The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office 4, is issuing this request for SF330 packages to provide Architect-Engineering Services for a Facility Master Plan at the Wilmington Veterans Affairs Medical Center, located at 1601 Kirkwood Hwy, Wilmington, DE 19805 and associated facilities outlined in the attached Scope of Work. Responses are invited from Architectural/Engineering, Landscape Architect, or Civil Engineering firms that possess the following North American Industry Code (NAICS) 541330, Engineering Services, size standard $25.5M apply. This procurement is set-aside for Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB). Submissions shall include a signed copy of VAAR 852.219-75. Failure to return a signed copy of VAAR 852.219-75 will result in the proposal not being considered. SF330 responses must be submitted via electronic mail and three (3) by 11 May, by 4:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST). Interested A&E firms shall submit their SF330 (7/2021 Edition) and appropriate documentation to the e-mail address below: Stephen.gulotta@va.gov The Government will accept requests for information (RFIs) and will answer questions via Amendment until 22 April 2026 @4:00PM EST. Questions submitted after the RFI due date may not be answered. There will be no pre-proposal site visit. Submit RFI questions to stephen.gulotta@va.gov The Government will award one (1) Contract to the most qualified firm. PHASE I OF THE SELECTION PROCESS: The initial evaluation of the packages (Phase I) will determine which firms are the most highly qualified firms. The Selection Board will produce a list with a narrative explanation supporting the rankings. Where firms are rated the same adjective, credence will be given to the importance of the factors. The Source Selection Authority will then select the most qualified firms for interviews. PHASE II OF THE SELECTION PROCESS: Phase II of the selection process will include inviting the most qualified firms that progress from Phase I to the Wilmington VAMC or online for an interview/presentation session. The firms will then be narrowed to a single firm for contract award. EVALUATION CRITERIA: Offerors will be evaluated on their Experience and Past Performance, Design Team Proposed for This Project, Technical Approach, Proposed Management Plan, Location and Knowledge of Local Area. The A/E selection criteria for this acquisition are listed in descending order of importance. Sub-elements are of equal importance. Experience and Past Performance Healthcare Planning Experience Provide a brief overview of the firm s history and experience in healthcare planning, highlighting key projects and achievements. Include examples that demonstrate the firm s ability to develop organized and systematic policies, strategies, and actions ensuring the availability, accessibility, effectiveness, and quality of healthcare services. Include at least 5 projects in the industry as examples. Federal Contract Experience The firm s experience with federal contracts, especially its performance on the selected 5 projects. Design Team Proposed for This Project Qualifications of Key Personnel Evaluations of the qualifications, no more than 10 resumes, and relevant experience of the team members assigned to this project, particularly in healthcare design and federal projects. Evaluations of the qualifications and relevant experience of any subcontractors, especially in specialty areas required for this project. The firm s approach to incorporating evidence-based design, ADA, NFPA Life Safety code, energy conservation, interior design, and space planning into project. Technical Approach The firm s approach to incorporating evidence-based design, ADA, NFPA Life Safety code, energy conservation, interior design, and space planning into project. Proposed Management Plan Project Management Approach The Firm s approach to project management including methodologies for schedule and budget control, risk management and communication. Work Plan and Deliverables The Clarity and feasibility of the work plan and timelines for major deliverables, as week as the ability to meet proposed submission dates. Including current employee workloads and availability. Compliance Standards Demonstrated knowledge and experience in complying with NFPA, NEC, NEMA, EISA 2007, UL and other federal, state, and local regulations and building codes. VA Specific Standards Understanding and application of VHA Requirements, and familiarity with the VA s mission, vision, and strategic plans. Location and Knowledge of Local Area Firm s location and servicing plan Indicate the Firm s location, including main offices, branch offices, subconsultants offices, and demonstrate how the team will service the geographic area. Highlight the teams knowledge of the Wilmington VAMC and it s unique requirements. Knowledge of Local Conditions and Pre-Design Site Review Demonstrate knowledge of local conditions, including veteran population data, operational, and strategic issues, as well as supply, labor force, environmental conditions, and the local construction climate s impact on cost estimating. Qualification Procedures: A/E firms shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) Database at www.sam.gov. Please include your firm's Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) SDVOSB status verification. Failure of a proposed SDVOSB A/E firm to be certified by the VetCert at the time the SF330 is due shall result in elimination from further consideration for award. Following an evaluation of the qualifications and performance data submitted, firms considered the most highly qualified to provide the type of services requested will be chosen for interviews. After interviews, the most highly qualified firm will be issued the solicitation and requested to submit a proposal. The Firm will be selected for award based on demonstrated competence and qualifications for the required work. This is not a request for proposal and no award will be made with this announcement. This announcement is a request for SF330s from qualified firms that meet the professional and set aside requirements listed in this announcement. It is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract. All SDVOSB firms that respond shall include proof of certification via SAM.gov and proof of small business status via their Representations and Certifications in accordance with RFO 4.203-1 Policy (Revolutionary FAR Overhaul). All firms that respond must be registered in the System for Award Management via https://sam.gov/SAM/. All firms that respond must have filed the VETS-4212 Federal Contractor report via https://www.dol.gov/agencies/vets/programs/vets4212. Any firms holding an GSA schedule contract must submit the GSA contract number. All firms who respond must submit their TAX ID number. SUBMISSION INSTRUCTIONS: The Government will not pay, nor reimburse, any costs associated with responding to this announcement. The Government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) assumes no responsibility for any costs incurred associated with the preparation of responses. Interested A/E firms shall submit their SF330 (7/2021 Edition) and appropriate documentation and information to stephen.gulotta@va.gov. The SF330 form may be obtained through the General Services Administration at (https://www.gsa.gov/forms-library/architect-engineerqualifications). Late proposal rules found in RFO (Revolutionary FAR Overhaul) 15.107 will be followed for late submissions. No hard copies will be accepted. Responding firms must submit a copy of the originally signed, or current (signed within the past 12 months), and accurate SF-330, Part II for the specific prime other offices of the prime, and subcontractor offices proposed to perform the work even if an SF-330, Part II is already on file. SF-330, Part II shall be provided for the specific prime, other offices of the prime, and subcontractor offices proposed to perform the work. All Part IIs MUST be signed with original signature or facsimile of the original signature (signed within the past 3 years is required) and dated. A copy of a signed/dated Part II is acceptable. Although firms are encouraged to update their SF-330 Part II at least annually, older ones (up to 3 years old will still be considered by the board. However, a firm may be recommended as not qualified or ranked low if missing, confusing, conflicting, obsolete or obscure information prevents a board from reasonably determining that a firm demonstrates certain required qualifications. Indicate in Block 5b of each Part II if the firm is a Large Business, Small Business, HUBZone, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business, or Woman- Owned Small Business. Submit only one SF-330, Part I from the Prime for the design team, completed in accordance with the SF-330 instructions and additional instructions herein. It must contain information in sufficient detail to identify the team (prime, other offices of the prime, and consultants) proposed for the contract. The A/E shall not include company literature with the SF-330. In block No.4, Part II, provide the Unique Entity Identification (UEI) number issued by SAM.gov System (1-866-606-8220) for the prime A-E or Joint Venture. The UEI number must be for the firm or joint venture performing the work (i.e. not the parent UEI number, but a UEI number specifically for the office performing the work. In Section C of the SF-330, Part I, identify the discipline/service to be supplied by the Prime, Prime Branch offices as applicable, and each consultant. Provide brief resumes in Section E of the on-staff or consultant employees you intend to use to perform the work. Resumes must be submitted for each employee and each resume shall not exceed one page. In Section F, a maximum of 10 projects for the total proposed Team (including the prime and consultants) shall be provided. Use no more than one project per page. In Section G, block 26, along with the name, include the firm and office location the person is associated with. The names of all individuals included in the resumes in Section E shall be listed in Block G-26 along with their firm location and their roles even if example project experience in Block G-28 is not applicable. Also include Team Project Organization Chart in Part I, Section D indicating how each firm on the proposed team (prime, applicable prime branch offices, and each subcontractor as identified in Part I, Section C) integrates into the composite team. In Section G, block 26, along with the name, include the firm and office location the person is associated with. The names of all individuals included in the resumes in Section E shall be listed in Block G-26 along with their firm location and their roles even if example project experience in Block G-28 is not applicable. Also include Team Project Organization Chart in Part I, Section D indicating how each firm on the proposed team (prime, applicable prime branch offices, and each subcontractor as identified in Part I, Section C) integrates into the composite team. In Section H, Part I, SF-330, firms must show their last 12 months of Medical facility contract awards stated in dollars, provide an itemized summary of awards to include Agency Contract Number/Task Order No. Awards shall be shown in an itemized summary including Agency, Contract Number/Task Order No., Project Title, and Award Amount dollars. Include a total of all listed awards. Note that award of Indefinite Delivery Contracts should not be counted as award amounts; only actual Task Orders and any modifications thereto should be included in the amounts. When addressing Team capabilities, clarify planned capability, existing capability, and prior experiences, if any. Include any other relevant information including a short discussion of why the firm is especially qualified based upon the specific evaluation criteria listed. Indicate the estimated percentage involvement of each firm on the proposed team. Do not exceed ten pages for Section H. Front and back side use of a single page will count as 2 pages and use no smaller than 11 font type using Times New Roman. Pages in excess of the maximums list will be discarded and not used in evaluation of the selection criteria. Foldouts are not allowed and shall not be considered. Personal visits to discuss this announcement shall not be allowed. Detailed statement of work attached

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Stephen Gulotta
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Stephen.Gulotta@va.gov
  - Phone: 412-860-7204

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/060b33c04c404c25874e35936f456655/view)