---
layout: default
title: N00019-26-RFPREQ-TPM265-0560: Main Line Contactors Sources Sought
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 03ad935a02604605920a09d154a74ff4
---

# N00019-26-RFPREQ-TPM265-0560: Main Line Contactors Sources Sought

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-08 14:13:13.862-04
- Solicitation Number: N00019-26-RFPREQ-TPM265-0560_Main_Line_Contactors

## Summary

Classification: NAICS: 336413 Other Aircraft Parts and Auxiliary Equipment Manufacturing PSC: 6110 - Electrical Control Equipment: includes contactors, motor controllers, power servomechanisms, switchgear; voltage regulators and excludes automatic pilot mechanisms and resistors Place: United States of America THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL. IT DOES NOT CONSITUTE A SOLICITATION AND SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AS A COMMITMENT BY THE GOVERNMENT. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS, AND THE GOVERNMENT IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS TECHNICAL DESCRIPION IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. ALL CAPABLE COMPANIES ARE ENCOURAGED TO RESPOND, REGARDLESS OF SIZE. INTRODUCTION Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) is performing market research to determine the availability for a main line contactor (MLC) that works in conjunction with a generator control unit (GCU) based on the specifications itemized in Attachment (1). This announcement represents a market survey that is intended for planning purposes only. The purpose of this notice is to identify sources capable of providing the item requested and to receive responses from those firms to assist the Government’s acquisition planning. The purpose of this notice is to identify sources capable of providing an existing MLC, a commercial off the shelf (COTS) MLC as specified or an existing MLC that can be altered to meet the performance standards indicated in Attachment (1). Therefore, commercial products modified to meet Navy requirements could be considered acceptable. NAVAIR is committed to partnering with industry to the maximum extent possible throughout this process and encourage all interested companies to respond to this sources sought notice (SS-N). Market research and industry feedback is an essential part of the acquisition process. The information requested in this announcement will be used within NAVAIR to facilitate decision-making and will not be disclosed outside the agency. It is the contractor’s responsibility to ensure that no confidential agreements are broken when providing the requested information. Key Requirements and Recommendations for Interested Businesses System for Award Management (SAM): To be eligible for government contracts, your company must be registered in the SAM database at SAM.gov. You do not need to be registered to respond to this notice, but you will need to be registered if NAVAIR decides to request proposals and award a contract. Small Businesses: To assist in our market research and determination of any applicable small business set aside for this effort, please address the following as appropriate: Identify your business’ CAGE code Identify if your business is considered small under the size standard associated with the NAICS for this effort. Identify your business’ socio-economic status (please indicate all that apply: WOSB, EDWOSB, SDVOSB, HUBZone, SDB, 8(a)) Address if your small business is interested in participating as a prime or subcontractor. If your small business (SB) is interested in the prime contractor role, Identify anticipated teaming partners by name and their role in the overall acquisition (provide each partner’s CAGE Code, size and status of the partner, approximate workshare, and specific capabilities/solutions that partner brings to the acquisition, etc). If your small business plans to utilize “similarly situated entities” to meet the Limitations on Subcontracting, identify the name & CAGE Code of the specific firm(s) you intend to partner/subcontract with to meet the requirements as well as their SB size status under the NAICS that you as the prime would assign for their workshare. Information regarding any planned similarly situated entity should be included in answering any questions outlined in this Sources Sought Notice (SS-N) in order to assist the Government’s capability determination. Small businesses that have not worked with the U.S. government or NAVAIR before are encouraged to visit the NAVAIR Office of Small Business Programs (OSBP) website at navair.navy.mil/osbp. It is also recommended to review the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 19 Small Business and FAR Clause 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (https://www.acquisition.gov), which covers small business programs. Partnership and Feedback: NAVAIR encourages all interested companies to respond. Market research and industry feedback are essential to the acquisition process and assist the Government’s capability determination. The information you provide will be used for internal decision-making at NAVAIR and will not be disclosed outside the agency. Confidentiality: It is your responsibility to ensure that you are not violating any confidentiality agreements by providing the requested information. SUBMISSION DETAILS: Capability Statement Requirements Your company's response must be a comprehensive package that demonstrates your ability to provide the requested Main Line Contactor (MLC) Formatting and General Guidelines Requirement Specification Page Limit: 50 pages total (8.5x11 inch). Font Size: 12-point for narrative text, 8-point for schematics and data sheets. Spacing: 1.5 spacing for narrative pages. Language: All documents and correspondence must be in English. File Format: PDF, Microsoft (Word, PowerPoint, or Excel) are acceptable. No other formats will be accepted. All documents must be searchable. Excel formulae must be traceable. Core Task: Your documentation should be in a bullet format that directly addresses how your company's MLC meets, is similar to, or differs from the specifications in "Attachment 1." Bullet format is preferable; however, it is recommended that each bullet reference the original SS-N question number and have a descriptive bullet title; i.e. MIL-PRF-6106R, Weight, Berry Amendment, Coil Data, Repair Parts, Repair Manual, etc. THE DETAILS: Details of your MLC should include the following, at a minimum: Provide a schematic Actual drawing footprint to see the mounting, etc Does your unit meet all three of the following Military Standards: MIL-PRF-6106R MIL-STD-704E with PSCN-285 MIL-STD-810G If it does not meet the above, specify what is necessary for your company’s MLC to meet all of the above specified Military Standards Specialty metals as identified in the Berry Amendment located at 10 U.S.C 2533b; please provide how your MLC meets this requirement. If your MLC does not meet the specialty metals provision, can your MLC be altered to come within specifications? What is the Weight and Center of Gravity of your unit? What is the volume of your unit? Specify the arrangement of the main contact for your unit. Specify the arrangement of the auxiliary contact for your unit. What is the main contact rating for your unit? What is the auxiliary contact rating for your unit? What is the main contact operating voltage and frequency? What is the auxiliary contact operating voltage and frequency? Specify the coil data duty cycle for your unit. Specify the coil data operating voltage for your unit. Specify the connector interface for your unit. Specify the stud size for your unit. Specify the electrical insulation for your unit. Describe any environmental design considerations and/or qualifications of your unit. What is the maximum level of shock your unit can withstand and for what duration before the unit fails? What is the maximum level of vibration your unit can withstand and for what duration before the unit fails? What is the operational altitude range of your unit including the maximum operational altitude? What is the operational temperature range of your unit? Provide details on the installation/mounting footprint of your unit. Additionally: What is the estimated initial lead time to produce the first unit that meets the exact specifications of Attachment (1)? Industrial capacity – what is the total number of units that can be produced per month by your company? How does your company determine life cycle? How is it calculated and specify what is the calculated life cycle for your MLC? Life cycle measurement in electrical cycles and mechanical cycles, is preferred. What is your test capability, acceptance and test procedures? If your MLC does not meet the specifications as outlined in Attachment (1) can it be altered to meet the required specifications? If so, how would it be accomplished? Does your company offer a warranty on your MLC? If yes, how long? What is covered in the warranty? Does your company provide a repair manual for the MLC? Can your company supply repair parts for the MLC? Can your company provide repair services for the MLC? ADMINISTRATION: Submission and Acknowledgment Submission Deadline: All "Capability Statements" must be emailed or sent via DoD Safe to Ms. Kendyl A. Montgomery (Kendyl.a.montgomery.civ@us.navy.mil), Mr. John Ryan (john.j.ryan390.civ@us.navy.mil) Mr. Ryan Bodine (ryan.k.bodine.civ@us.navy.mil) by the specified deadline by 27 April 2026. It is recommended that you utilize DoD Safe is your file size total exceeds 25MB (email plus attachments total); please refer to DoD Safe (see below) for total size limit. Please ensure you call out N00019-26-RFPREQ-TPM265-0560: Main Line Contactors Sources Sought in the title of your email or DoD Safe submission. It is recommended that your company provide two (2) primary points of contract (POC) for your company with their full contact information. However, one (1) POC is necessary (name, position, phone number, email address, website). It is your responsibility to keep NAVAIR informed in the event of a POC change. Acknowledgment of Receipt: Ms. Montgomery, Mr. Ryan or Mr. Bodine will formally acknowledge all responses within four (4) working days after the submission period ends. Respondent's Responsibility: It is the responsibility of the responding business to ensure they have received this email acknowledgment. If no acknowledgment is received, the business must follow up. You may be required to provide proof of submission. All documents must be received as one group. Multiple emails may not be considered Potential Delays: Be aware that Navy Internet Technology firewalls can occasionally cause significant delays in the delivery of emails, sometimes up to 72 hours or more. Plan accordingly and submit your Capability Statement as early as possible. Proof of Submission If requested, you may need to provide proof that you submitted your Capability Statement on time. This proof must clearly show: Date and time of submission. That attachments were included and the names of those attachments. The number of attachments. The attachment types and sizes. An email that doesn't clearly indicate attachments may not be considered sufficient proof. DoD SAFE for Sensitive Information Due to the potential sensitivity of the information in Capability Statements, responding businesses can request a DoD SAFE (Secure Access File Exchange) link for submission. Requesting a Link: A DoD SAFE link is not provided automatically and must be requested by the company; be sure to include the title of this SS-N in your request. Note that DoD SAFE links are only valid for a certain number of days. Refer to the website for details at https://safe.apps.mil. Using DoD SAFE: It is the company's responsibility to follow DoD SAFE instructions and to ensure the submission does not exceed the site's size limits for a single submission. You must send the DoD Safe documents to Ms. Montgomery, Mr. Ryan, and Mr. Bodine. If you encrypt your submission, you must email the password to Ms. Montgomery Mr. Ryan and Mr. Bodine. You should receive a "pick-up notice" from DoD SAFE, and you will be notified by email when your documents have been received within four (4) working days after the submission period ends. Do not add extra layers of protection to your documents when using DoD SAFE. Potential Delays: Be aware that Navy Internet Technology firewalls can occasionally cause significant delays in the delivery of DoD SAFE links, sometimes up to 72 hours or more. Plan accordingly and submit your Capability Statement as early as possible. File Deletion: All files uploaded to DoD SAFE are deleted after a maximum of seven calendar days (confirm this with DoD Safe). As DoD Safe is outside of the control of NAVAIR, it is recommended that you confirm the deletion time. Important Exclusions Late Submissions: Late documentation will not be considered. All parts of a multi-document Capability Statement must be submitted together. Corporate Websites: The Government WILL NOT retrieve a Capability Statement from a company's corporate website. The responding business is solely responsible for preparing and submitting the Capability Statement according to the outlined instructions.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kendyl A. Montgomery
  - Email: kendyl.a.montgomery.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Ryan Bodine
  - Email: ryan.k.bodine.civ@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . This announcement represents a market survey that is intended for planning purposes only. The purpose of this notice is to identify sources capable of providing the item requested and to receive responses from those firms to assist the Government’s acquisition planning. The purpose of this notice is to identify sources capable of providing an existing MLC, a commercial off the shelf (COTS) MLC as specified or an existing MLC that can be altered to meet the performance standards indicated in Attachment (1). Therefore, commercial products modified to meet Navy requirements could be considered acceptable. NAVAIR is committed to partnering with industry to the maximum extent possible throughout this process and encourage all interested companies to respond to this sources sought notice (SS-N). Market research and industry feedback is an essential part of the acquisition process. The information requested in this announcement will be used within NAVAIR to facilitate decision-making and will not be disclosed outside the agency. It is the contractor’s responsibility to ensure that no confidential agreements are broken when providing the requested information. Key Requirements and Recommendations for Interested Businesses System for Award Management (SAM): To be eligible for government contracts, your company must be registered in the SAM database at SAM.gov. You do not need to be registered to respond to this notice, but you will need to be registered if NAVAIR decides to request proposals and award a contract. Small Businesses: To assist in our market research and determination of any applicable small business set aside for this effort, please address the following as appropriate: Identify your business’ CAGE code Identify if your business is considered small under the size standard associated with the NAICS for this effort. Identify your business’ socio-economic status (please indicate all that apply: WOSB, EDWOSB, SDVOSB, HUBZone, SDB, 8(a)) Address if your small business is interested in participating as a prime or subcontractor. If your small business (SB) is interested in the prime contractor role, Identify anticipated teaming partners by name and their role in the overall acquisition (provide each partner’s CAGE Code, size and status of the partner, approximate workshare, and specific capabilities/solutions that partner brings to the acquisition, etc). If your small business plans to utilize “similarly situated entities” to meet the Limitations on Subcontracting, identify the name & CAGE Code of the specific firm(s) you intend to partner/subcontract with to meet the requirements as well as their SB size status under the NAICS that you as the prime would assign for their workshare. Information regarding any planned similarly situated entity should be included in answering any questions outlined in this Sources Sought Notice (SS-N) in order to assist the Government’s capability determination. Small businesses that have not worked with the U.S. government or NAVAIR before are encouraged to visit the NAVAIR Office of Small Business Programs (OSBP) website at navair.navy.mil/osbp. It is also recommended to review the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 19 Small Business and FAR Clause 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting (https://www.acquisition.gov), which covers small business programs. Partnership and Feedback: NAVAIR encourages all interested companies to respond. Market research and industry feedback are essential to the acquisition process and assist the Government’s capability determination. The information you provide will be used for internal decision-making at NAVAIR and will not be disclosed outside the agency. Confidentiality: It is your responsibility to ensure that you are not violating any confidentiality agreements by providing the requested information. SUBMISSION DETAILS: Capability Statement Requirements Your company"s response must be a comprehensive package that demonstrates your ability to provide the requested Main Line Contactor (MLC) Formatting and General Guidelines Requirement Specification Page Limit: 50 pages total (8.5x11 inch). Font Size: 12-point for narrative text, 8-point for schematics and data sheets. Spacing: 1.5 spacing for narrative pages. Language: All documents and correspondence must be in English. File Format: PDF, Microsoft (Word, PowerPoint, or Excel) are acceptable. No other formats will be accepted. All documents must be searchable. Excel formulae must be traceable. Core Task: Your documentation should be in a bullet format that directly addresses how your company"s MLC meets, is similar to, or differs from the specifications in "Attachment 1." Bullet format is preferable; however, it is recommended that each bullet reference the original SS-N question number and have a descriptive bullet title; i.e. MIL-PRF-6106R, Weight, Berry Amendment, Coil Data, Repair Parts, Repair Manual, etc. THE DETAILS: Details of your MLC should include the following, at a minimum: Provide a schematic Actual drawing footprint to see the mounting, etc Does your unit meet all three of the following Military Standards: MIL-PRF-6106R MIL-STD-704E with PSCN-285 MIL-STD-810G If it does not meet the above, specify what is necessary for your company’s MLC to meet all of the above specified Military Standards Specialty metals as identified in the Berry Amendment located at 10 U.S.C 2533b; please provide how your MLC meets this requirement. If your MLC does not meet the specialty metals provision, can your MLC be altered to come within specifications? What is the Weight and Center of Gravity of your unit? What is the volume of your unit? Specify the arrangement of the main contact for your unit. Specify the arrangement of the auxiliary contact for your unit. What is the main contact rating for your unit? What is the auxiliary contact rating for your unit? What is the main contact operating voltage and frequency? What is the auxiliary contact operating voltage and frequency? Specify the coil data duty cycle for your unit. Specify the coil data operating voltage for your unit. Specify the connector interface for your unit. Specify the stud size for your unit. Specify the electrical insulation for your unit. Describe any environmental design considerations and/or qualifications of your unit. What is the maximum level of shock your unit can withstand and for what duration before the unit fails? What is the maximum level of vibration your unit can withstand and for what duration before the unit fails? What is the operational altitude range of your unit including the maximum operational altitude? What is the operational temperature range of your unit? Provide details on the installation/mounting footprint of your unit. Additionally: What is the estimated initial lead time to produce the first unit that meets the exact specifications of Attachment (1)? Industrial capacity – what is the total number of units that can be produced per month by your company? How does your company determine life cycle? How is it calculated and specify what is the calculated life cycle for your MLC? Life cycle measurement in electrical cycles and mechanical cycles, is preferred. What is your test capability, acceptance and test procedures? If your MLC does not meet the specifications as outlined in Attachment (1) can it be altered to meet the required specifications? If so, how would it be accomplished? Does your company offer a warranty on your MLC? If yes, how long? What is covered in the warranty? Does your company provide a repair manual for the MLC? Can your company supply repair parts for the MLC? Can your company provide repair services for the MLC? ADMINISTRATION: Submission and Acknowledgment Submission Deadline: All "Capability Statements" must be emailed or sent via DoD Safe to Ms. Kendyl A. Montgomery (Kendyl.a.montgomery.civ@us.navy.mil), Mr. John Ryan (john.j.ryan390.civ@us.navy.mil) Mr. Ryan Bodine (ryan.k.bodine.civ@us.navy.mil) by the specified deadline by 27 April 2026. It is recommended that you utilize DoD Safe is your file size total exceeds 25MB (email plus attachments total); please refer to DoD Safe (see below) for total size limit. Please ensure you call out N00019-26-RFPREQ-TPM265-0560: Main Line Contactors Sources Sought in the title of your email or DoD Safe submission. It is recommended that your company provide two (2) primary points of contract (POC) for your company with their full contact information. However, one (1) POC is necessary (name, position, phone number, email address, website). It is your responsibility to keep NAVAIR informed in the event of a POC change. Acknowledgment of Receipt: Ms. Montgomery, Mr. Ryan or Mr. Bodine will formally acknowledge all responses within four (4) working days after the submission period ends. Respondent"s Responsibility: It is the responsibility of the responding business to ensure they have received this email acknowledgment. If no acknowledgment is received, the business must follow up. You may be required to provide proof of submission. All documents must be received as one group. Multiple emails may not be considered Potential Delays: Be aware that Navy Internet Technology firewalls can occasionally cause significant delays in the delivery of emails, sometimes up to 72 hours or more. Plan accordingly and submit your Capability Statement as early as possible. Proof of Submission If requested, you may need to provide proof that you submitted your Capability Statement on time. This proof must clearly show: Date and time of submission. That attachments were included and the names of those attachments. The number of attachments. The attachment types and sizes. An email that doesn"t clearly indicate attachments may not be considered sufficient proof. DoD SAFE for Sensitive Information Due to the potential sensitivity of the information in Capability Statements, responding businesses can request a DoD SAFE (Secure Access File Exchange) link for submission. Requesting a Link: A DoD SAFE link is not provided automatically and must be requested by the company; be sure to include the title of this SS-N in your request. Note that DoD SAFE links are only valid for a certain number of days. Refer to the website for details at https://safe.apps.mil. Using DoD SAFE: It is the company"s responsibility to follow DoD SAFE instructions and to ensure the submission does not exceed the site"s size limits for a single submission. You must send the DoD Safe documents to Ms. Montgomery, Mr. Ryan, and Mr. Bodine. If you encrypt your submission, you must email the password to Ms. Montgomery Mr. Ryan and Mr. Bodine. You should receive a "pick-up notice" from DoD SAFE, and you will be notified by email when your documents have been received within four (4) working days after the submission period ends. Do not add extra layers of protection to your documents when using DoD SAFE. Potential Delays: Be aware that Navy Internet Technology firewalls can occasionally cause significant delays in the delivery of DoD SAFE links, sometimes up to 72 hours or more. Plan accordingly and submit your Capability Statement as early as possible. File Deletion: All files uploaded to DoD SAFE are deleted after a maximum of seven calendar days (confirm this with DoD Safe). As DoD Safe is outside of the control of NAVAIR, it is recommended that you confirm the deletion time. Important Exclusions Late Submissions: Late documentation will not be considered. All parts of a multi-document Capability Statement must be submitted together. Corporate Websites: The Government WILL NOT retrieve a Capability Statement from a company"s corporate website. The responding business is solely responsible for preparing and submitting the Capability Statement according to the outlined instructions

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/03ad935a02604605920a09d154a74ff4/view)