---
layout: default
title: K067--Installation of Avigilon CCTV system Warehouse
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 056d022d8b2f4288a3e312d97efe78eb
---

# K067--Installation of Avigilon CCTV system Warehouse

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-10 09:25:58.014-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24926Q0189
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 3 of 3 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 3 SUBJECT* Installation of Avigilon CCTV system Warehouse GENERAL INFORMATION CONTRACTING OFFICE S ZIP CODE* 37129 SOLICITATION NUMBER* 36C24926Q0189 RESPONSE DATE/TIME/ZONE 04-27-2026 10AM EASTERN TIME, NEW YORK, USA ARCHIVE 30 DAYS AFTER THE RESPONSE DATE RECOVERY ACT FUNDS N SET-ASIDE SBA PRODUCT SERVICE CODE* K067 NAICS CODE* 561621 CONTRACTING OFFICE ADDRESS Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office 9 (90C) 1639 Medical Center Parkway, Suite 204 Murfreesboro TN 37129 POINT OF CONTACT* Contracting Specialist Ryan Mick Ryan.Mick@va.gov 423-979-1408 PLACE OF PERFORMANCE ADDRESS Department of Veterans Affairs Lt Col Luke Weathers Jr. 116 N. Pauline Street Memphis TN POSTAL CODE 38105 COUNTRY USA DESCRIPTION This Sources Sought Notice (SSN) is being issued on behalf of the Lt Col Luke Weathers Jr VAMC, Police Services, as a means of conducting market research to identify parties having an interest in and the resources to support the requirement for a firm-fixed-priced contract for the installation and programming of the CCTV system in warehouse. The result of this market research will contribute to determining the method of procurement. This Sources Sought will utilize North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 561621 Security Systems Services (except Locksmiths) with a size standard of $25.0 million, using PSC K067 Modification of Equipment- Photographic Equipment. This Sources Sought Notice is for informational and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. THERE IS NO SOLICITATION AT THIS TIME. This request for capability information does not constitute a request for bids, proposals, or quotes; submission of any information in response to this market survey is purely voluntary; and the government assumes no financial responsibility for any costs incurred. An award will not be made on any offers submitted in response to this notice, and it shall not be implied the Government is committed to providing any solicitation or award following this notice. The Government will not pay for any information received in response to this request, nor will the Government compensate a respondent for any costs incurred in developing the information provided. The Department of Veterans Affairs, Network Contracting Office 9 (NCO 9) is seeking potential sources for products detailed below to be provided to the Lt Col Luke Weathers Jr VAMC. All items shall be new; refurbished/used items are not acceptable. Requirement includes: Description QTY Avigilon-6MP H6A Outdoor IR Dome Camera with 4.4-9.3mm Lens 3 Avigilon- Adapter NPT & WALL MOUNT ADPATOR 3 Avigilon- CAM; H6F; Outdoor; 12MP; 360; WDR/LL; IR 7 Avigilon- NPT Adapter For H5A Fisheye Dome Camera 14 PENDANT EXTENSION TUBE 7 INCEILING BACK BOX 7 Cisco Catalyst 9300 SERIES, 48-PORT POE+ SWITCH 1 Cisco Catalyst 9300 SERIES, REDUNDANT POWER SUPPLY 1 Avigilon- Unity Enterprise camera channel 10 Panduit Patch Panel, Panduit inserts, Panduit insert covers 1 CAT 6 PATCH CABLES 30 CONDUIT RACEWAY 1 LABOR 1 NOTE: Avigilon CCTV system requires installers and service companies to be certified. Requirement: Vendors with capability to provide the products listed above may respond as follows: Organization name, address, point of contact, email address, web site address, and telephone number. Business size: small, small disadvantaged, woman-owned, Hub Zone, serviced-disabled veteran-owned small business (SDVOSB), veteran owned small business (VOSB), large business, etc. Mark if your firm is eligible for participation in one of the following small business programs. If so, please indicate the program: [ ] yes [ ] no - Small Business (SB) [ ] yes [ ] no - HUBZone [ ] yes [ ] no - Small Business 8(a) [ ] yes [ ] no - Small Disadvantaged Business (SDB) [ ] yes [ ] no - Women-Owned (WO) Small Business [ ] yes [ ] no - Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) [ ] yes [ ] no - Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) [ ] yes [ ] no - Large Business [ ] yes [ ] no - Other (please specify) Under which NAICS code does your company usually provide the requirements described in the Statement of Work (SOW) - Please provide rationale for your answer if different from NAICS 561621. [ ] yes [ ] no Are you the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) [ ] yes [ ] no If not the OEM, are you an authorized distributor, and can produce a letter from the OEM? [ ] yes [ ] no Is this product available on your GSA/FSS or other GWAC Contract If so, what is your contract number? _____________________ [ ] yes [ ] no - Comply with 25.225-1 Buy American-Supplies Tailored capability statements addressing the particulars of this effort, with appropriate documentation supporting claims of organizational, and staff capability. In addition to providing the information requested above, responding companies are encouraged to include any relevant information (specifications, cut sheets, brochures, capability statement, experience etc.) to confirm the company s ability to meet the requirements outlined in this request. Response to this SSN shall not exceed 10 pages and should include all the previously mentioned information. In addition, all submissions should be provided electronically in Adobe Portable Document Format (PDF). Hardcopies will not be accepted. The government will evaluate market information to ascertain potential market capacity to: Provide supplies/services consistent in scope and scale with those described in this notice and otherwise anticipated. Secure and apply the full range of corporate financial, human capital, and technical resources required to successfully perform similar requirements. Implement a successful plan that includes compliance with program schedules; cost containment; meeting and tracking performance. Provide supplies/services under a firm-fixed-price contract NOTE: Respondent claiming SDVOSB and VOSB status shall be registered. Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov). Based on the responses to this SSN/market research, this requirement may be set-aside for SDVOSBs, VOSBs, small businesses, procured through full and open competition, or sole sourced. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified to perform the services are invited to submit a response to this SSN by 10:00 AM EST, April 27th, 2026 All responses under this SSN must be emailed to Ryan.Mick@va.gov the subject line must specify 36C24926Q0189. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Overhaul Clause 52.204-7. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Disclaimer and Important Notes. This notice does not obligate the government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response to this SSN. The government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the government to determine the organization s qualifications to meet the requirement. Respondents are advised that the government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a pre-solicitation synopsis and solicitation may be published in SAM. However, responses to this notice shall not be considered adequate responses to a solicitation. Confidentiality: No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response. The government reserves the right to use any non-proprietary technical information in any resultant solicitation(s). See Statement of Work on the following page. Statement of Work (SOW) Project Name: Installation of Avigilon CCTV system for Main Warehouse Location: Lt Col Luke Weathers Jr., VA Medical Center, 116 N. Pauline Street, Memphis, TN 38105 Area: Main Warehouse (CWG32 area) and CEG1 (VA Police Server Room) (Certified Avigilon Installation and Service dealer) This statement of work is for the programming and installation of CCTV equipment to include Avigilon Cameras, Cisco Network switches, adapters, wall mounts, extension tubes, power supplies, POE+ switches, Avigilon Unity camera channels, panduit, Conduit, cables, and labor to install, create custom view, certification and termination of installed cablings, cabinets, racks, raceways, etc., so this extension and coverage of the area will work and match what we have as our primary, proprietary, secured Avigilon CCTV system and its connections to the VA Police Non VA Server. All items are to be password protected and follow our current system and security protocols. Equipment may be substituted or upgraded if not available at the time of approval and installation due to the ever-changing electronics equipment availability, but only with prior notification and approval of the COR and CO. All equipment must maintain the same standards for Avigilon connections and security. Conduit will be run under the existing honeycomb style concrete ceiling by hangers and will be marked by labeling to identify its use as security CCTV. All finals connections will be maintained by Avigilon Certified Company for installation and management of the CCTV system.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Ryan Mick
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: Ryan.Mick@va.gov
  - Phone: 423-979-1408

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/056d022d8b2f4288a3e312d97efe78eb/view)