---
layout: default
title: HydroCel GSN 130 Saline Nets
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 36317215b73e4d0792591f5ca7e68455
---

# HydroCel GSN 130 Saline Nets

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-21 11:17:43.157-04
- Solicitation Number: 75N98026Q00235

## Summary

COMBINED SYNOPSIS / SOLICITATION-COMPETITIVE Title: HydroCel GSN 130 Saline Nets This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation number is 75N98026Q00235 and the solicitation is issued as request for quotation (RFQ). This acquisition is for a commercial item or service and is conducted under the authority of the FAR Part 13 —Simplified Acquisition Procedures; and FAR Part 12—Acquisition of Commercial Items and is not expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold. A fixed-price type of purchase order is contemplated for this requirement. The National Institute of Mental Health, Section on Social and Cognitive Developmental Neuroscience, requires the purchase of nets for high-density electroencephalogram (EEG) system to capture whole brain activity across the lifespan from infancy to adulthood. See Attachment 1 – Purchase Description for additional details. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-05, dated 08-07-2025. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this procurement is 423450 – Medical, Dental, And Hospital Equipment And Supplies Merchant Wholesalers. Line Items: Through this procurement NIMH anticipates a single award, firm fixed price purchase order for a total of ten (10) EEG Nets. (Lowest Price Technically Acceptable) as described in Attachment 1 – Purchase Description Below is a table that contains the line item numbers and description of the brand name or equal requirement for the anticipated award. Line No. Description 1 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 34-36cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 2 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 36-37cm 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 36-37cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 3 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 37-38cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 4 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 38-40cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 5 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 40-42cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 6 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 42-43cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 7 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 43-44cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 8 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 44-47cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 9 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 47-51cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 10 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 51-54cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. Description Requirement: The EGI-EEG system requested came as a recommendation from other labs at the NIH and coincide nicely with imaging tools in the Clinical Center to encourage future collaborations. The EEG system from Electrical Geodesics Inc. (EGI), with the use of the EEG nets currently being purhashed, captures whole brain activity, and supports fast and easy application, which is a top priority when working for challenging populations, such as our research population (children with an autism spectrum disorder diagnosis). Additionally, the EEG nets are compatible with fMRI, TMS, MEG, TES, which may be of interest for future studies in the Section on Social and Cognitive Developmental Neuroscience. The nets are required as part of this work. Period of Performance 12 months from the date of the award. Option Quantities N/A Shipping Instructions NIH/NIMH 10 Center Drive, Room 4C213 Bethesda, Maryland 20892-3747 United States Delivery Within 30 Days from receipt and acceptance of award. Payment Net 30 Statutory Authority: This notice is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial items using Simplified Acquisition Procedures. This acquisition will be made in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 “Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and solicitation for commercial Items,” as applicable, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation (a written solicitation will not be issued) and quotes are being requested. Closing Statement: Responses to this notice must include sufficient information to establish the interested parties’ bona-fide capabilities of providing the product. The response shall include: the unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, delivery days after contract award, delivery terms, prompt payment discount terms, F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), product or catalog number(s); product description; and any other information or factors that may be considered in the award decision. The government intends to award a firm fixed price purchase order to the responsible contractor as a result of this RFQ that will include the terms and conditions set forth herein. The award will be based on the following: brand name requirements salient characteristics, price, and delivery. By submitting a quote in response to this solicitation, vendor is accepting the following terms and conditions: The following FAR provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (OCT 2025) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (NOV 2024) (Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications on-line at http://www.sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications- Commercial Items (Please ensure FAR 52.209-2 -- Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations--Representation. (NOV 2015) is updated in your SAM record) FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements – Representation (JAN 2017) 52.204–26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation (OCT 2020) FAR 52.211-6 Brand Name or Equal (AUG 1999) The following FAR contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52-212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (NOV 2023) FAR 52-212.5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Commercial Items (JAN 2025) (see Attachement 2) FAR 52.217-6 Option for Increased Quantity (MAR 1989) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) FAR 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (NOV 2021) HHSAR 352.222-70, Contractor Cooperation in Equal Employment Opportunity Investigations (DEC 2015) FAR 52.252-2 -- Clauses Incorporated by Reference. (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address: http://farsite.hill.af.mil/vffara.htm By submission of an offer, the offeror acknowledges the requirement that a prospective awardee shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award, during performance, and through final payment of any contract, basic agreement, basic ordering agreement, or blanket purchasing agreement resulting from this solicitation (www.sam.gov). Copies of the above-referenced provisions and clauses are available from http://www.acquisition.gov/far/loadmainre.html & http: //www.hhs.gov/regulation/index.html or, upon request, either by telephone or fax. All responses must be received by 05/01/2026 @ 1:00 PM EST and must reference announcement / solicitation number: 75N98026Q00235 with response submitted electronically to johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). All responsible sources may submit an offer that will be considered by this Agency.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: John Johnson
  - Email: johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov
  - Phone: 6673125580

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Purchase Description for additional details. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-05, dated 08-07-2025. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code for this procurement is 423450 – Medical, Dental, And Hospital Equipment And Supplies Merchant Wholesalers. Line Items: Through this procurement NIMH anticipates a single award, firm fixed price purchase order for a total of ten (10) EEG Nets. (Lowest Price Technically Acceptable) as described in Attachment 1 – Purchase Description Below is a table that contains the line item numbers and description of the brand name or equal requirement for the anticipated award. Line No. Description 1 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 34-36cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 2 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 36-37cm 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 36-37cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 3 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 37-38cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 4 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 38-40cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 5 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 40-42cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 6 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 42-43cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 7 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 43-44cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 8 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 44-47cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 9 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 47-51cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. 10 128 Channel Saline HCGSN for 51-54cm head size, with 1 year warranty. QTY OF 2. Description Requirement: The EGI-EEG system requested came as a recommendation from other labs at the NIH and coincide nicely with imaging tools in the Clinical Center to encourage future collaborations. The EEG system from Electrical Geodesics Inc. (EGI), with the use of the EEG nets currently being purhashed, captures whole brain activity, and supports fast and easy application, which is a top priority when working for challenging populations, such as our research population (children with an autism spectrum disorder diagnosis). Additionally, the EEG nets are compatible with fMRI, TMS, MEG, TES, which may be of interest for future studies in the Section on Social and Cognitive Developmental Neuroscience. The nets are required as part of this work. Period of Performance 12 months from the date of the award. Option Quantities N/A Shipping Instructions NIH/NIMH 10 Center Drive, Room 4C213 Bethesda, Maryland 20892-3747 United States Delivery Within 30 Days from receipt and acceptance of award. Payment Net 30 Statutory Authority: This notice is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for commercial items using Simplified Acquisition Procedures. This acquisition will be made in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 “Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and solicitation for commercial Items,” as applicable, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation (a written solicitation will not be issued) and quotes are being requested. Closing Statement: Responses to this notice must include sufficient information to establish the interested parties’ bona-fide capabilities of providing the product. The response shall include: the unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, delivery days after contract award, delivery terms, prompt payment discount terms, F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), product or catalog number(s); product description; and any other information or factors that may be considered in the award decision. The government intends to award a firm fixed price purchase order to the responsible contractor as a result of this RFQ that will include the terms and conditions set forth herein. The award will be based on the following: brand name requirements salient characteristics, price, and delivery. By submitting a quote in response to this solicitation, vendor is accepting the following terms and conditions: The following FAR provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (OCT 2025) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (NOV 2024) (Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications on-line at http://www.sam.gov/ in accordance with FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications- Commercial Items (Please ensure FAR 52.209-2 -- Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations--Representation. (NOV 2015) is updated in your SAM record) FAR 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements – Representation (JAN 2017) 52.204–26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation (OCT 2020) FAR 52.211-6 Brand Name or Equal (AUG 1999) The following FAR contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52-212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (NOV 2023) FAR 52-212.5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Commercial Items (JAN 2025) (see Attachement 2) FAR 52.217-6 Option for Increased Quantity (MAR 1989) FAR 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) FAR 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance (OCT 2018) FAR 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment (NOV 2021) HHSAR 352.222-70, Contractor Cooperation in Equal Employment Opportunity Investigations (DEC 2015) FAR 52.252-2 -- Clauses Incorporated by Reference. (FEB 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this address: http://farsite.hill.af.mil/vffara.htm By submission of an offer, the offeror acknowledges the requirement that a prospective awardee shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award, during performance, and through final payment of any contract, basic agreement, basic ordering agreement, or blanket purchasing agreement resulting from this solicitation (www.sam.gov). Copies of the above-referenced provisions and clauses are available from http://www.acquisition.gov/far/loadmainre.html & http: //www.hhs.gov/regulation/index.html or, upon request, either by telephone or fax. All responses must be received by 05/01/2026 @ 1:00 PM EST and must reference announcement / solicitation number: 75N98026Q00235 with response submitted electronically to johnsonjr@mail.nih.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). All responsible sources may submit an offer that will be considered by this Agency

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/36317215b73e4d0792591f5ca7e68455/view)