---
layout: default
title: 6530--TABLE HANA 110V
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 86c077415f3645a7943356b2f1ff5336
---

# 6530--TABLE HANA 110V

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-24 13:04:15.572-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25226Q0420
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Description This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2024-3. This solicitation is set aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Business (SDVOSB). The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 339113 Surgical Appliance and Supplies Manufacturing with a small business size standard of 800 Employees. The FSC/PSC is 6530 Hospital Furniture, Equipment, Utensils, and Supplies. The Great Lakes Acquisition Center, on behalf of Clement J. Zablocki VA Medical Center, Milwaukee, WI is seeking to purchase a one-time buy for the Brand Name: Mizuho Table Hana, 110V. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following items. Supplies/Services Table: Item # Description/Part Number Part Number Qty 1 Table Hana, 110V 6875 1 ea. This table will include the following standard components: Table Base Left & Right Lift-Assisted Radiolucent Leg Spars Small & Large Traction Boot Pairs Traction Hook Extension (2) Left & Right Femoral Lift System Left & Right Femoral Hooks Left & Right Classic Femoral Hooks Femur Lift Extension (2) Femur Lift Foot Pedal Perineal Post Well Leg Support System Arm Board (2) Patient Safety Strap Hana Hand Pendant Table Cover Patient Care Kits (3) The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at http://acquisition.gov/comp/far/index.html. The following solicitation provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEPT 2023) - Refer to Attachment 1 FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Items (DEVIATION AUGUST 2025) - Refer to Attachment 2 FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management (DEVIATION NOV 2025) Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://www.sam.gov/portal in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. If paragraph (j) of the provision is applicable, a written submission is required. FAR 52.225-4, Buy American-Free Trade Agreement-Israeli Trade Act Certificate Alt II (JAN 2025). Refer to Attachment 3 The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights and Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights (NOV 2023) FAR 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-6, Protecting the Government s Interest when Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (OCT 2022) FAR 52.222-19, Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (JAN 2025) FAR 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUNE 2020) FAR 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.223-23, Sustainable Products (DEVIATION FEB 2025) FAR 52.225-3, Buy American-Free Trade Agreement-Israeli Trade Act (DEVIATION NOV 2025). FAR 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (OCT 2018) FAR 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) FAR 52.233-3, Protest After Award (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.240-91, Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.244-6, Subcontracts for Commercial Productions and Services (DEVIATION NOV 2025) VAAR 852.203-70, Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.212-71, Gray Market and Counterfeit Items (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments (OCT 2019) VAAR 852.232-72, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.242-71, Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020) All quoters shall submit the following: Quotation in accordance with addendum to FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services. See Attachment 1. Authorization letter or other documents from the OEM verifying offeror is an authorized dealer, distributor, or reseller. See Attachment 2. A completed copy of items specified in the SOW (e) Project Specifications and Drawings. See Attachment 3. If proposing an or Equal product, supply product information showing that the items meet the salient characteristics. Statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Offers that fail to furnish required representations or information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. All quotes shall be sent by Email to the GLAC, Contracting Officer Jennifer Mead at Jennifer.Mead@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures FAR 13. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. The following are the decision factors: Price Technical Veterans Involvement Speed of Delivery The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms, conditions. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission: Submission of your response shall be received not later than 10:00 a.m. Central Standard Time on May 6, 2026. Responses should be sent to the Contracting Officer Jennifer Mead at Jennifer.Mead@va.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Jennifer Mead Contracting Officer Network Contracting Office 12 Jennifer.Mead@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer L Mead
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Jennifer.Mead@va.gov
  - Phone: 414-844-4800

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Items (DEVIATION AUGUST 2025) - Refer to Attachment 2 FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management (DEVIATION NOV 2025) Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://www.sam.gov/portal in accordance with FAR 52.212-3, Offerors Representations and Certifications Commercial Products and Commercial Services. If paragraph (j) of the provision is applicable, a written submission is required. FAR 52.225-4, Buy American-Free Trade Agreement-Israeli Trade Act Certificate Alt II (JAN 2025). Refer to Attachment 3 The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (DEVIATION AUG 2025) FAR 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights and Requirement to Inform Employees of Whistleblower Rights (NOV 2023) FAR 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-6, Protecting the Government s Interest when Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (OCT 2022) FAR 52.222-19, Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (JAN 2025) FAR 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (JUNE 2020) FAR 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.223-23, Sustainable Products (DEVIATION FEB 2025) FAR 52.225-3, Buy American-Free Trade Agreement-Israeli Trade Act (DEVIATION NOV 2025). FAR 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (MAY 2024) FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (OCT 2018) FAR 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (MAR 2023) FAR 52.233-3, Protest After Award (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.240-91, Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.244-6, Subcontracts for Commercial Productions and Services (DEVIATION NOV 2025) VAAR 852.203-70, Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.212-71, Gray Market and Counterfeit Items (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments (OCT 2019) VAAR 852.232-72, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.242-71, Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020) All quoters shall submit the following: Quotation in accordance with addendum to FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services. See Attachment 1. Authorization letter or other documents from the OEM verifying offeror is an authorized dealer, distributor, or reseller. See Attachment 2. A completed copy of items specified in the SOW (e) Project Specifications and Drawings. See Attachment 3. If proposing an or Equal product, supply product information showing that the items meet the salient characteristics. Statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Offers that fail to furnish required representations or information or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. All quotes shall be sent by Email to the GLAC, Contracting Officer Jennifer Mead at Jennifer.Mead@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures FAR 13. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. The following are the decision factors: Price Technical Veterans Involvement Speed of Delivery The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms, conditions. To facilitate the award process, all quotes must include a statement regarding the terms and conditions herein as follows: "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document without modification, deletion, or addition." OR "The terms and conditions in the solicitation are acceptable to be included in the award document with the exception, deletion, or addition of the following:" Quoters shall list exception(s) and rationale for the exception(s), if any. Submission: Submission of your response shall be received not later than 10:00 a.m. Central Standard Time on May 6, 2026. Responses should be sent to the Contracting Officer Jennifer Mead at Jennifer.Mead@va.gov. Late submissions shall be treated in accordance with the solicitation provision at FAR 52.212-1(f). Any questions or concerns regarding this solicitation should be forwarded in writing via e-mail to the Point of Contact listed below. Point of Contact Jennifer Mead Contracting Officer Network Contracting Office 12 Jennifer.Mead@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/86c077415f3645a7943356b2f1ff5336/view)