---
layout: default
title: Antenna Control Unit
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: dd1af202a7c24feca2f4e696f69a1343
---

# Antenna Control Unit

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 14:35:54.308-04
- Solicitation Number: FA822226QB005

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for the acquisition of commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this announcement. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation Number: FA822226QB005 This solicitation is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06. Contracting Officer's Business Size Selection SB set-aside NAICS Code 541519 Small Business Size Standard $34 Million BRAND NAME: DATA TELEMETRY SYSTEMS DESCRIPTION PART NUMBER QTY UNIT Antenna Control Unit 312110-J1397 1 Each ACU Standard Components Kit 309623-11 1 Each Pedestal Printed Circuit Board 303060-J1397 1 Each Maintenance Box 301415-01 1 Each Description of item(s) to be acquired: The contractor shall provide requested products to 309th SWEG located at Hill AFB, Utah. Please reference the attached document for detailed specifications. Dates and Place of Delivery: 18205 S.E. Countyline Road, Tequesta, FL 33469 Delivery not to exceed 120 days ARO. Destination. The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial, applies to this acquisition. Offers are due by 1100 MT 23 March 2026. Please send quotes to audrey.armstrong.4@us.af.mil and jonathan.graham.11@us.af.mil . Provide Cage code and SAM UEI when submitting bid. 52.212-2: Evaluation -- Commercial Items (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: (i) price; (ii) technical capability of the item offered to meet the Government requirement; Based on the quote, the offerors need to meet the requirements on the product description found in the Solicitation. (b) Evaluation is on Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) basis. All offers will be evaluated on their proposed Total Price. The contract will be awarded to the company with lowest price, which also fully meets all specifications.. Only the lowest priced proposal will be evaluated for technical acceptability (to be based on the specifications). The next lowest offer will only be evaluated if the aforementioned offer is not found technically acceptable (and so on). Only one award will be made under this solicitation. Award will be conducted under the provisions of FAR Part 12, Commercial Items, and FAR 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures. Submit only written offers; oral offers will not be accepted. All firms or individuals responding must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. Offerors shall include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with its offer. The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and a statement regarding any addenda to the clause. FAR 52.212-5 CONTRACT TERMS AND CONDITIONS REQUIRED TO IMPLEMENT STATUTES OR EXECUTIVE ORDERS--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (DEVIATION 2013-O0019) (Jan 2014) OTHER FAR CLAUSES AND PROVISIONS 52.203-6 Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (Sept 2006), with Alternate I (Oct 1995) (41 U.S.C. 4704 and 10 U.S.C. 2402). 52.204-7 System for Award Management 52.204-10 Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (July 2013) (Pub. L. 109-282) (31 U.S.C. 6101 note). 52.204-27 Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application. (June 2023) 52.209-6 Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment. (Aug, 2013) (31 U.S.C. 6101 note). 52.217-9 Option to Extend the Term of the Contract 52.219-3 Notice of HUBZone Set-Aside or Sole-Source Award (NOV 2011) (15 U.S.C. 657a). 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (NOV 2011) (15 U.S.C. 644). 52.222-3 Convict Labor (IAW FAR 22.202)(JUN 2003) 52.222-19 Child Labor—Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (JAN 2014) (E.O. 3126). 52.222-21 Prohibition of Segregated Facilities (IAW FAR 22.810(a)(1))(FEB 1999) 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity (IAW FAR 22.810(e)) (MAR 2007) 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jul 2014)(38 U.S.C. 4212). 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (July 2014) (29 U.S.C. 793). 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans (July 2014) (38 U.S.C. 4212). 52.222-40 Notification of employees rights under the national labor relations act (DEC 2010) 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons (FEB 2009) (22 U.S.C. 7104(g)). 52.223-18 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (AUG 2011) (E.O.13513). 52.225-1 Buy American--Supplies (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83) 52.225-13 Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (June 2008) (E.O.’s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer—System for Award Management (July 2013) (31 U.S.C. 3332). 52.233-3 Protest After Award (AUG 1996) 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (OCT 2004) (Pub. L. 108-77, 108-78). 52.252-2 Clauses incorporated by reference 52.252-6 Authorized Deviations in clauses 252.204-7004 Antiterrorism Awareness Training for Contractors. 252.204-7008 Compliance with Safeguarding Covered Defense Information Controls. 252.204-7009 Limitations on the Use or Disclosure of Third-Party Contractor Reported Cyber Incident Information 252.204-7012 Safeguarding Covered Defense Information and Cyber Incident Reporting 252.204-7017 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services—Representation 252.204-7018 Prohibition on the Acquisition of Covered Defense Telecommunications Equipment or Services 252.204-7024 Notice on the Use of the Supplier Performance Risk System 252.204-7023 Reporting Requirements for Contracted Services 252.232-7003 Electronic Submission of Payment request and Receiving reports 252.232-7006 Wide Area WorkFlow Payment instructions 5352.223-9000 Elimination of Use of Class I Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) 5352.201-9101 Ombudsman (a) An ombudsman has been appointed to hear and facilitate the resolution of concerns from offerors, potential offerors, and others for this acquisition. When requested, the ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The existence of the ombudsman does not affect the authority of the program manager, contracting officer, or source selection official. Further, the ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals, the source selection process, or the adjudication of protests or formal contract disputes. The ombudsman may refer the interested party to another official who can resolve the concern. (b) Before consulting with an ombudsman, interested parties must first address their concerns, issues, disagreements, and/or recommendations to the contracting officer for resolution. Consulting an ombudsman does not alter or postpone the timelines for any other processes (e.g., agency level bid protests, GAO bid protests, requests for debriefings, employee-employer actions, contests of OMBC A-76 competition performance decisions). (c) If resolution cannot be made by the contracting officer, the interested party may contact the ombudsman, Ms. Kayla Marshall, 6038 Aspen Ave, Bldg 1289 Upstairs, Hill AFB, UT 84056, Phone: (801) 777-6549, kayla.marshall@us.af.mil. Concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations that cannot be resolved at the Center/MAJCOM/DRU/SMC ombudsman level, may be brought by the interested party for further consideration to the Air Force ombudsman, Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary (ADAS) (Contracting), SAF/AQC, 1060 Air Force Pentagon, Washington DC 20330-1060, phone number (571) 256-2395, facsimile number (571) 256-2431. (d) The ombudsman has no authority to render a decision that binds the agency. (e) Do not contact the ombudsman to request copies of the solicitation, verify offer due date, or clarify technical requirements. Such inquiries shall be directed to the Contracting Officer (End of clause) Additional Contract Requirement or Terms and Conditions: N/A Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS): N/A Proposal Submission Information: All questions or comments must be sent to AUDREY ARMSTRONG, audrey.armstrong.4@us.af.mil and TSGT JONATHAN GRAHAM, jonathan.graham.11@us.af.mil, NLT 1100 MT 16 March 2026. Offers are due by 1100 MT 23 March 2026. For additional information regarding the solicitation contact AUDREY ARMSTRONG or JONATHAN GRAHAM. Notice to Offerors: The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed Price contract for this requirement. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Audrey Lee
  - Email: audrey.lee.3@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: jonathan Graham
  - Email: jonathan.graham.11@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 8015863365

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dd1af202a7c24feca2f4e696f69a1343/view)