---
layout: default
title: 6515--VS9 Vital Sign Monitors - 595 Lebanon VAMC
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 205733ce098840f59983bdc4419883d1
---

# 6515--VS9 Vital Sign Monitors - 595 Lebanon VAMC

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-17 15:32:14.188-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24426I0416
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is not a solicitation but rather a Request for Information (RFI/Sources Sought) for market research purposes only. Veterans Health Affairs, Network Contracting Office 4, is issuing this Source Sought in order to identify capable firms and obtain information for planning purposes only. Veterans Health Affairs, Network Contracting Office 4, is issuing this Sources Sought in order to identify capable firms for VS9 Vital Sign Monitors for a VISN 4 VAMC. **Responses shall be submitted by 3:00 PM EDT on March 31st, 2026** Responses shall be submitted via email to Adriane.Perretti@va.gov Subject Line must read: 36C24426I0416 VS9 Vital Sign Monitors | (Company Name) All Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB) and Veteran Owned Small Businesses (VOSB) firms that respond shall include proof of their Vets First Verification via Home Â Â· VetBiz Portal (va.gov). All small business firms that respond shall include proof of small business status via their Representations and Certifications in accordance with Policy. While SDVOSB/VOSB contractors are preferred, all capable contractors are welcome to respond to this source sought notice for market research purposes. All respondents shall include as part of their response a brief capability statement that covers the information in the following tentative statement of work, as well as answers to the questions below. All respondents shall be registered and active in SAM.gov | Home. The purpose of this Sources Sought is to elicit feedback from industry on our intended procurement approach. The results of this market research will assist in the development of (1) the requirement, and (2) the acquisition approach (e.g., socioeconomic set-aside, full and open competition, etc.). VA assumes no responsibility for any costs incurred associated with the preparation of responses. Suggested NAICS: 339113 (Surgical Appliance and Supplies Manufacturing) Suggested PSC: 6515 (Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies) Open to suggestions from industry as to a more proper NAICS and/or PSC, as well as any potential GSA/FSS Schedule SIN categories. In addition to the information requested above, please include answers to the below questions as part of your response to this Sources Sought: 1. Identify any other companies owned (wholly or in-part) by the owners of this business who provide goods or services under the same or related NAICS codes. Â 2. Identify any other companies owned (wholly or in-part) by the owners of this business who provide goods or services that are registered under the same or a related NAICS code with the Center for Veterans Enterprise (CVE); Provide the certification type (SDVOSB/VOSB), Federal Identification Number, and state of incorporation for each. Â 3. Do you plan on responding to a solicitation for this requirement with a Joint Venture utilizing multiple owned companies as majority or non-majority owner?Â Â Yes ___No ___Â If yes, please identify which companies are considering a Joint Venture and the ownership of each company. Â Are the items domestic end products (manufactured in the United States)? As stated in FAR 52.225-1 Buy American SUPPLIES Â Intended Procurement ApproachÂ Statement of Need Lebanon VA Medical Center Title of Project: Purchase of Mindray VS9 Vital Sign Monitors to be utilized in the Primary Care unit. Scope of Work: Vendor shall provide including, but not limited to portable, non-invasive blood pressure and pulse oximetry monitors and required accessories to include blood pressure cuffs, leads, cables, and cords to ensure proper operation. Type of Contract: Firm Fixed Price General Requirement: The Lebanon VA Medical Center (LVAMC) has a requirement for fourteen (14) Mindray VS9 Vital Sign Monitors and accessories to be utilized in the Primary Care unit. The vital sign monitors will be used by nursing staff to assist with better outcomes for patient care. The Primary Care unit requires vital sign monitors to accurately address issues that may arise during a patient examination. The vital sign monitors that are currently used by the Primary Care unit are in need of life cycle replacement. The Lebanon VA Medical Center currently has 110 Mindray Accutorr 7 Vital Sign Monitors in inventory and has found them to have the best features all around for better patient outcomes and employee use. However, the Mindray Accutorr 7 has been replaced with a newly upgraded improved version which is the Mindray VS9 Vital Sign Monitor. Due to the familiarity and training nursing staff has with the Mindray brand we are requesting a brand name only requirement for the Mindray VS9 Vital Sign Monitors. Salient Characteristics: Large 10.1 multi-gesture, capacitive touchscreen display featuring an intuitive user interface 15 second measure of blood pressure Manual, automatic, and customizable modes SpO2Â technology Ability to provide 30 customizable manual inputs of vital signs to include respiration rate, glucose, and height Rolling stand with mount for disinfecting wipes Battery kit Standard Modified Early Warning Score (MEWS) Reusable bladderless cuff for children, small adult, adult, large adult and thigh application Delivery: The Contractor shall deliver all equipment required under this SON within 90 days of contract award. This is a drop shipment, no assembly/installation is required. Delivery of equipment shall be made to: Lebanon VA Medical Center Attn: Primary Care 1700 S. Lincoln Ave. Lebanon, PA 17042 Delivery to the facility shall be coordinated at least 72 hours prior to required delivery date with the Warehouse Supervisor.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Adriane Perretti
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: adriane.perretti@va.gov
  - Phone: 330-883-3336

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/205733ce098840f59983bdc4419883d1/view)