---
layout: default
title: CT/X-ray Technician for Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility in Belcourt, ND
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 21f72f6c2abf437287ea28084d1c2657
---

# CT/X-ray Technician for Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility in Belcourt, ND

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 17:09:41.255-04
- Solicitation Number: 75H70626Q00128

## Summary

A. This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice, FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items (Title VIII of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994) (Public Law 103-355). This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. B. The Quentin N Burdick Memorial Health Care Facility (QNBMHCF) Indian Health Service (IHS) intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price, Non-personal Commercial Service, Purchase Order, in response to Request for Quote (RFQ) 75H70626Q00128. C. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-03 01/08/2026. D. This RFQ is issued as 100% Indian Small Business Economic Enterprise (ISBEE) set-aside and the associated NAICS Code is 621399, which has a small business standard of $12.5 million. E. The quoted unit pricing must be all inclusive (to include but not be limited to travel, lodging, per diem, fringe benefits, federal, state and local taxes) plus all other costs pertinent to the performance of this contract. Utilize your most competitive and reasonable rates. CLIN 0001 – Temp CT/X-Ray Tech – See Performance Work Statement – 1 year $____________ CLIN 0002 – Temp CT/X-Ray Tech – See Performance Work Statement – 1 year $____________ CLIN 0003 – Temp CT/X-Ray Tech – See Performance Work Statement – 1 year $____________ CLIN 0004 – Temp CT/X-Ray Tech – See Performance Work Statement – 1 year $____________ CLIN 0005 – Temp CT/X-Ray Tech – See Performance Work Statement – 1 year $____________ F. To provide CT/X-Ray Technologist services to support the mission of the QNBMHCF (IHS) Hospital in Belcourt, ND. G. The period of performance will be 5 years from Date of Award. H. FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Sep 2023)(DEVIATION NOV 2025). I. Quotes shall be submitted on company letterhead stationery, signed, dated and it shall include: Solicitation number RFQ 75H70626Q00128. Closing Date: April 16, 2026, at 12:00 pm CST. Name, address and telephone number of company and email address of contact person. Technical description of the item/service being offered in sufficient detail to evaluate compliance with the requirements of the solicitation. This may include product literature, or other documents, if necessary. Price and any discount terms. “Remit to” address, if different than mailing address. A completed copy of the representations and certifications at FAR 52.212-3 (see FAR 52.212-3(b) for those representations and certifications that the offeror shall complete electronically); Acknowledgment of Solicitation Amendments (if any issued). Past performance information, when included as an evaluation factor, to include recent and relevant contracts for the same or similar items and other references (including contract numbers, points of contact with telephone numbers and other relevant information). A statement specifying the extent of agreement with all terms, conditions, and provisions included in the solicitation. Offerors that fail to furnish required representations or information, or reject the terms and conditions of the solicitation may be excluded from consideration. Attachments: Statement of Work Provisions and Clauses incorporated by reference and full text Contractor’s Performance Conditions & Responsibilities Basis of Award is Best Value. Best Value award will be made to the responsible offeror whose quotation represents the best value to the Government, considering technical capability, past performance, and price. Technical Capability will be evaluated based on the offeror’s demonstrated experience performing polysomnography sleep studies and home testing capabilities. Past performance will be evaluated based on relevant prior contracts of similar scope and complexity, particularly within healthcare of federal health agencies. Price will be evaluated for reasonableness and realism in relation to the technical approach. Best Value Determination: Technical factors (1-3), when combined, are more important that price. However, price will be considered in the overall best value determination and may become the deciding factor if quotations are determined to be technically equal. Technical Factor 1 – Technical Capability (a) Solicitation Submittal Requirements: Proposals, which merely offer a statement to conduct/provide services in accordance with the requirements in the Governments SOW, will not be eligible for award. The offeror must submit an explanation that identifies the vendor and staff experience in providing pharmacy services in hospital/clinic settings; professional licensure and certifications; compliance with regulatory requirements (e.g., Joint Commission, USP <797>/<800>, DEA, FDA, IHS). (b) Basis of Evaluation: This factor will be evaluated as “ACCEPTABLE” if the explanation meets the requirement for qualifications and experience capabilities and responsibilities to meet the following: Tour of Duty/Schedule, Description of Services, Contractor Responsibility and Personnel Requirements, which comply with the requirements outlined above, are submitted. If an explanation of one or more of the following: Tour of Duty/Schedule, Description of Services, Contractor Responsibility and Personnel Requirements and/or do not comply with the requirements, this factor will receive an “UNACCEPTABLE” rating. Technical Factor 2 – Past Performance (a) Solicitation Submittal Requirements: Offerors do not need to provide any information under this factor as the US Government will base the evaluation on all INTERIM and FINAL Contractor Performance Assessment Reports (CPARs) that are recent and relevant. The CPARs will be retrieved from official US Government sources, including, but not limited to, the Contractor Performance Assessment Reporting System and the Past Performance Information Retrieval System. (b) Basis of Evaluation: Recency: For the purposes of this solicitation, a past performance record is recent if the CPAR final date of assessment listed in the “Period of Performance Being Assessed” block is within the 24-month period preceding the proposal due date. Relevancy: For the purposes of this solicitation, a past performance record is relevant if the CPAR business sector is listed as “Services”. In order to receive an "acceptable" rating for this factor, an Offer's recent and relevant CPARs must NOT include one or more INTERIM and/or FINAL CPARs with a rating of "UNSATISFACTORY" in one or more categories OR one or more INTERIM and/or FINAL CPARs with a rating of "MARGINAL" in two or more categories. If an Offeror has one or more CPARs with a rating of "UNSATISFACTORY" in one or more categories OR one or more CPARs with a rating of "MARGINAL" in two or more categories, the Offeror's past performance will be evaluated as "UNACCEPTABLE". In the case of an Offeror without a record of recent and relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available or so sparse that no meaningful past performance rating can be reasonably assigned, the Offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. Therefore, the Offeror shall be determined to have unknown past performance. In the context of acceptability/unacceptability, “unknown” shall be considered “acceptable.” An “UNACCEPTABLE” rating for a single factor will result in the Offeror’s entire proposal being rated “UNACCEPTABLE”. Factor 3 – Price (a) Solicitation Submittal Requirements: Completed Price Schedule Sheet (b) Basis of Evaluation: The Government will evaluate price based on the total proposed price calculated as the sum of bid item 0001 Base Year, item 0002 Option Period 1, item 0003 Option Period 2, and item 0004 Option Period 3 that includes Contract cost, Subcontractor cost, Overhead and Profit. Analysis will be performed by one or more of the following techniques to ensure a fair and reasonable price: (i) Comparison of proposed prices received in response to the RFP. (ii) Comparison of proposed prices with the IGE. (iii) Comparison of proposed prices with available historical information. Note: A price that is found to be either unreasonable high or unrealistically low in relation to the proposed work may be indicative of an inherent lack of understanding of the solicitation requirements and may result in the overall proposal being considered unacceptable. J. FAR 52.212-2 Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021). (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers: Technical Capability, Past Performance, and Price Technical and past performance, when combined, are less important than price (b) Options. The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by adding the total price for all options to the total price for the basic requirement. The Government may determine that an offer is unacceptable if the option prices are significantly unbalanced. Evaluation of options shall not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s). (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. K. FAR 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2023)(DEVIATION NOV 2025) – Applied to this acquisition and it’s incorporated by reference. L. Attached are the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) & Health & Human Services Acquisition Regulation (HHSAR) clauses that are applicable. M. Offers will be accepted electronically, Submit via e-mail to the following: Belcourt Service Unit Attn: Farrah Azure, Purchasing Agent Email: Farrah.azure@ihs.gov Questions in regard to this solicitation shall be submitted in writing by email, no later than April 9, 2026 12:00pm CST. Contractors will need your Unique Entity ID, TIN number, and be registered with www.sam.gov. No contract award shall be made to any vendor or provider listed on the OIG Exclusion List http://exclusions.oig.hhs.gov throughout the duration of the contract. ACCEPTANCE PERIOD: Your proposal must stipulate that it is predicated upon all the terms and conditions of this RFQ. In addition, it must contain a statement to the effect that it is firm for a period of at least 30 days from the date of receipt by the Government. Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) The Indian Health Service (IHS) is in the process of implementing an electronic invoicing system. In compliance with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) M-15-19 memorandum “Improving Government Efficiency and Saving Taxpayer Dollars Through Electronic Invoicing” directing Federal agencies to adopt electronic invoicing as the primary means to disburse payment to vendors. Invoices submitted under any award will be required to utilize the Invoice Processing Platform (IPP) in accordance with HHSAR 352.232-71, Electronic Submission and Processing of Payment Requests” IPP is a secure, web-based electronic invoicing system provided by the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Bureau of the Fiscal Service, in partnership with the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis (FRSTL). Respondents are encouraged to register an account with IPP if they have not already done so. If your organization is already registered to use IPP, you will not be required to re-register- however, we encourage you make sure your organization and designated IPP user accounts are valid and up to date. The IPP website address is: https://www.ipp.gov If you require assistance registering or IPP account access, please contact the IPP Helpdesk at (866) 973-3131 (M-F 8AM to 6PM ET), or IPPCustomerSupport@fiscal.treasury.gov Should the contractor feel that use of the IPP would be unduly burdensome, their response to this solicitation should include an explanation of this position for a determination by the contracting officer.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Farrah Azure
  - Email: farrah.azure@ihs.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/21f72f6c2abf437287ea28084d1c2657/view)