---
layout: default
title: NASA Protective Services Contract -South Region (NPSC-SR) II
agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 526e0f101c924768989e021629201d66
---

# NASA Protective Services Contract -South Region (NPSC-SR) II

- Agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-13 13:35:50.031-04
- Solicitation Number: 80KSC026R0001-SS

## Summary

4/13/2026 - Update The purpose of this notice is to revise the preliminary schedule for the NPSC-SR II acquisition and to release preliminary versions of the Draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) and Position Tables in advance of the Draft Solicitation. Note: Requirements identified in the preliminary version of the Draft PWS and Position Tables are based on the best information available at the time of publication and are subject to revision. Additional preliminary requirements documents (e.g., PWS annexes and appendices) may be released in advance of the Draft Solicitation to facilitate understanding of the NPSC-SR II requirement. Comments and questions may be submitted after release of the Draft Solicitation. For planning purposes, the Government anticipates the following schedule and acquisition considerations: Estimated Release of the Draft Solicitation: on or about May 20, 2026 Estimated Release of the Solicitation: on or about August 3, 2026 Estimated Proposal Due Date: on or about September 2, 2026 Estimated Contract Award: December 2026 Contract Start: April 1, 2027 Contract Type: Firm-fixed price indefinite delivery indefinite quantity Anticipated Contract Length: Five years Facility Clearance Level: Top Secret (at the time of proposal submission) This notice also includes applicable Collective Bargaining Agreements, which have been uploaded as a controlled attachment. 12/4/2025 - Update The purpose of this notice is to revise the preliminary schedule for NPSC-SR II and inform industry of the competition type defined for this acquisition. For planning purposes, the Government anticipates: Estimated Release of the Draft Performance Work Statement: January 2026 Estimated Release of the Draft Solicitation: February 2026 Estimated Release of the Solicitation: April 2026 Estimated Proposal Due Date: May 2026 Estimated Contract Award: September 2026 Contract Start: December 2026 This acquisition will be solicited as a competitive 8(a) small business set-aside. 6/3/2025 - Update In preparation for communicating the NPSC-SR II requirements, a preliminary schedule is now available. For planning purposes, the Contracting Officer anticipates: Estimated Release of the Draft Performance Work Statement: July 2025 Estimated Release of the Draft Solicitation: September 2025 Estimated Release of the Solicitation: December 2025 Estimated Proposal Due Date: January 2026 Estimated Contract Award: July 2026 Contract Start: October 2026 This preliminary schedule is provided for planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government. As of this date, no solicitation exists; therefore, do not request a copy of the solicitation. If a solicitation is released it will be synopsized on https://sam.gov. Interested firms are responsible for monitoring this website for release of any solicitation or synopsis. The Contracting Officer encourages interested firms to register on the Interested Vendors List available with this notice. Reference to the Interested Vendors List is neither an endorsement nor representative of a preference, by NASA, for any of the listed companies. The Contracting Officer intends to update this notice to announce future industry engagement opportunities with the NPSC-SR II Requirements Development Team/Source Evaluation Board (e.g. one-on-one meetings, site visits, presolicitation or preproposal conferences). 3/12/2025 - Sources Sought Section 1: Introduction The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) John F. Kennedy Space Center (KSC) is hereby soliciting information from potential sources for the acquisition of protective services, as described herein, under a contemplated NASA Protective Services Contract -South Region (NPSC-SR) II. The NPSC-SR II contract will succeed the current NPSC-SR contract, with performance commencing no earlier than October 2026. The NPSC-SR II will support the following locations: KSC, Johnson Space Center (JSC), Marshall Space Flight Center (MSFC), Stennis Space Center (SSC), and Ames Research Center (ARC), as well as all nearby component facilities, including White Sands Test Facility (WSTF) and White Sands Complex (WSC), and Michoud Assembly Facility (MAF). Performance under the NPSC-SR II will involve access to and/or generation of classified information, work in a security area, or both, up to the level of Top Secret. NASA is seeking capabilities from all categories of Small Businesses and Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU)/Minority Serving Institutions (MSI) for the purpose of determining the appropriate level of competition and/or Small Business and HBCU/MSI subcontracting goals for this requirement. However, the requirements of FAR 19.815 applies to the NPSC-SR II acquisition. The Government reserves the right to consider a Small, 8(a), Women-owned (WOSB), Service-Disabled Veteran (SD-VOSB), Economically Disadvantaged Women-owned Small Business (EDWOSB) or HUBZone business set-aside based on responses received. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 561612, Security Guards and Patrol Services, and the corresponding small business size standard is $29 million, calculated in accordance with 13 CFR 121.104. Section 2: NPSC-SR II Requirements The complete NPSC-SR II requirements under the performance work statement are to be defined. Requirements contemplated under the NPSC-SR II include, but are not limited to the following, which are based on the best information available at the time of publication and is subject to revision: Information security and communications security involving the safeguard and transmission of classified national security information. 1. Information security and communications security involving the safeguard and transmission of classified national security information. 2. Emergency preparedness, emergency operations, continuity of operations, and test, training and exercise. 3. Protective services communication center operations, responsible for providing certified dispatchers for duties such as managing communications for both emergency services (i.e., 911 police, fire, and emergency medical services) and non-emergency services; and security systems, life safety alarms, video surveillance systems, and emergency notification systems activation and monitoring. 4. Physical security to include safeguarding individuals, physical assets, and sensitive information; conducting physical security assessments of facilities and areas, providing locksmith services for locks, keys, and safes, along with the installation and maintenance of electronic security systems and physical access control systems. 5. Security operations, which involves the deployment of uniformed armed security police officers and security officers who are responsible for various tasks, such as: - Responding to emergency alarms and incidents - Conducting investigations and completing reports - Safety and security vehicle entry point inspections - Controlling access to perimeters, facilities, and scenes - Supporting events and other needs for surge/increased personnel. - Acting as Special Weapons and Tactics certified Emergency Response Team - Utilizing canines for patrol, explosive and narcotic detection. - Managing crowd control - Enforcing Federal and local laws, agency policies, and traffic regulations 6. Identity credential and access management services to include identity I-9 verification, issuance, processing, and control of badges, passes, and permits; and processing and compliance verification for foreign national visits. 7. Personnel security to include initiating, reviewing, and certifying background investigation applications using Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency’s National Background Investigation Services Agency Portal and Electronic Application (eAPP), providing customer service to personnel completing eAPP, tracking investigation status, and capturing case notes. 8. Internal security education and training in areas such as: firearms qualification, defensive tactics, active shooter response, physical agility test, report writing, electronic control device, oleoresin capsicum, baton, handcuffing, and traffic stops. 9. Provide protective services training by qualified personnel to deliver standardized instruction, including federal arrest authority, and in compliance with federal accreditation requirements. Section 3: Industry Engagement The NPSC-SR II Requirements Development Team (RDT) intends to hold various industry engagement opportunities throughout the acquisition process. At this time, the NPSC-SR II RDT contemplates one-on-one meetings with industry following receipt of capability statements. The purpose of the one-on-one meetings is to provide respondents an opportunity to elaborate on any capabilities expressed in their respective capability statements of the sources sought notice, to enhance the RDT’s understanding of industry capabilities and feedback. Meetings will take place from 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time, the week of April 7, 2025, via conference call or Microsoft Teams. Meetings will not exceed 30 minutes in length. Respondents interested in meeting with the RDT are requested to provide in its capability statement the names, company affiliation, and titles of those who will attend (to include your respective contract manager(s) or contract administrator(s)). Note: All other interested parties may contact the contracting officer listed on Section 4 to schedule time to meet with the RDT to provide comments or feedback regarding strategy feedback or capabilities. Industry is further encouraged to revisit this notice for announcement of any additional engagement opportunities in the future. Section 4: Submission Information All responses must be submitted electronically via email to the Contracting Officer at ksc-npsc-sr-ii@mail.nasa.gov no later than 5:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time on March 26, 2025. Please reference the Notice ID 80KSC026R0001-SS and “NPSC-SR II” in the subject line of any response. Interested firms having the required capabilities necessary to meet the above requirement described herein should submit a capability statement of no more than 15 pages indicating the ability to perform all aspects of the effort. Do not include proprietary or confidential information. A page is defined as one side of a sheet, 8 1/2" x 11", with at least one-inch margins on all sides, using not smaller than 12-point type. Foldouts count as an equivalent number of 8 1/2" x 11" pages. Responses must be submitted electronically in portable document format (PDF), with searchable text. The capability statement must include: - Company’s name, address, and a point of contact (name, e-mail address, and address); - Unique Entity Identifier number and Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code; - Number of years in business and annual receipts corresponding to the period of measurement used (see 13 CFR 121.104(c)); - Company’s size under NAICS code 561612, Security Guards and Patrol Services, and the corresponding small business size standard is $29 million; - Company’s socioeconomic status - Number of employees - GSA Contract Number with expiration date, MAS, and SIN (if applicable) for the NPSC-SR II requirements - Ownership, affiliate information (as applicable) including parent company and joint venture partners; interest as a prime or subcontractor; - Interest as a NPSC-SR II prime or subcontractor; - Company’s specific capabilities that are relevant to the requirements contemplated above. It is not sufficient to provide general brochures or generic information. Capability statements must include the company’s specific area(s) of interest, as well as reference to any contracts performed since February 1, 2022, that are applicable to those areas. For each contract, identify the contract number, agency or customer name, period of performance, the company’s role (i.e., prime contractor or subcontractor), and contract or subcontract value; and previous and current facility clearance levels (FCL). Section 5: Other No solicitation exists; therefore, do not request a copy of the solicitation. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on SAM.gov. Interested firms are responsible for monitoring this website for the release of any solicitation or synopsis. This sources sought notice is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government nor will the Government pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. The Government has enabled the interested vendor list feature for this notice, interested firms are encouraged to register. Provision of this list is neither an endorsement nor representative of a preference, by NASA, for any of the listed companies. NASA Clause 1852.215-84, Ombudsman, is applicable. The Center Ombudsman for this acquisition can be found at: https://www.hq.nasa.gov/office/procurement/regs/Procurement-Ombuds-Comp-Advocate-Listing.pdf

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Melissa Boughton
  - Email: ksc-npsc-sr-ii@mail.nasa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/526e0f101c924768989e021629201d66/view)