---
layout: default
title: Hydraulic Maintenance, Repair, and Replacement BPA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: ffb42b82b23e44579e66a006bface72c
---

# Hydraulic Maintenance, Repair, and Replacement BPA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 14:12:53.234-04
- Solicitation Number: W911QY-26-R-LIFT

## Summary

(i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services/products prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) This solicitation, number W911QY-26-R-LIFT, is issued as a Request for Proposal (RFP) for a Blanket Purchasing Agreement (BPA) for the purchase of hydraulic maintenance, repair, and replacement services. This BPA will require delivery of certain components and replacements. (iii) The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) Number 2026-01 effective 17 March 2026. (iv) The US Army Combat Capabilities Development Command Soldier Center (DEVCOM SC) has a requirement to establish multiple Blanket Purchase Agreements (BPAs) to procure services for hydraulic equipment maintenance, repair, and replacements. (v) This Blanket Purchase Agreement is being solicitated as a 100% small business set-aside. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 811310 – Repairing and maintaining commercial and industrial machinery and equipment with a size standard of $12.5 million. The Awardee must have the applicable NAICS code in its System for Award Management (SAM) assertions. The applicable PSC is J039 – Maintenance, repair, and rebuilding of industrial machinery and equipment. Description of Requirement: (1) The intention of the Government is to award approximately two (2) to four (4) BPAs to responsible firms that demonstrate a capability to provide the requested services. The Government reserves the right to Award additional BPAs beyond the estimated number, or award no BPAs, from this combined synopsis/solicitation as determined to be in the Government’s best interest. BPAs do not obligate any funds and are not binding contracts. The Government will be obligated only to the extent that authorized BPA Calls are made under these agreements. (2) BPAs will be evaluated annually and may remain in place for up to five (5) years. The total maximum amount of all BPAs (combined) awarded under this solicitation is $350,000.00 for the total five-year duration. No individual BPA Call will exceed the amount of $50,000.00. The establishment of a BPA does not imply any agreement on the part of the Government to place future Calls with the BPA holder. The Government makes no representation as to the number of Calls or actual amount of services to be ordered. (3) Calls for new work made against any BPA(s) awarded under this solicitation will be competed among all BPA holders. BPA Holders notified electronically of new Call/RFQ requirements through the issuance of a Call or RFQ e-mail from either the Contracting Officer or authorized Ordering Officer. Failure to submit a complete and timely response to a BPA Call/Request for Quote (RFQ) may result in it being determined non-responsive to the Call/RFQ. The Government reserves the right to set aside any Call/RFQ requirement to any Small Business BPA Holder(s). The Government reserves the right to exclude any BPA Holder due to lack of satisfactory performance on prior BPA Calls. The Government reserves the right to issue Calls and/or Call modifications directly to BPA holders for follow-on work related to or resulting from previous tests already conducted. (4) A Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) rating is not applicable to this acquisition. Submission Requirements: The Government will evaluate all submitted responses in accordance with the submission and evaluation criteria described herein. Proposals should be prepared simply and provide concise description of capabilities to satisfactorily perform all requirements. Responses to this announcement shall include: A letter, signed by an authorized official of the Offeror, formerly submitting the proposal and containing company name and address, Cage Code, DUNS Number, TIN, business size and type (i.e., large, small, small and disadvantaged, 8(a)certified, woman-owned small, HUB Zone certified small, or service disabled veteran-owned small business) for the applicable NAICS code, and Point of Contact information. The letter shall also include acknowledgement of amendments, if any, to this solicitation. A narrative, limited to 10 pages, explaining your ability to perform the work described in the SOW including relevant past performance information. The narrative shall also include the following: Provide evidence of the ability to conduct services IAW the SOW, regulations, and the equipment list. Two (2) past performance references for related services within the last five (5) years to include: Contract number, title, and brief description. Name, e-mail address, and telephone number of requiring activity POC. Name, e-mail address, and telephone number of the Government Contracting Officer. Contract type and period of performance. Awarded price/cost and Final, or projected final, price/cost Current price list containing prices for each of the services/pieces of equipment specifically identified in the SOW and equipment list. The price list must include labor and materials rates as additional services required may be required on a time-and materials basis. The price list must include labor, materials, and other rates (such as hourly range rates) that may be used in order to quote* additional services that may be requested by the Government. *Although these quotes may include an estimate of time-and-materials based upon Government requirements, all Calls shall be Firm-Fixed Price. As prescribed in DFARS 252.204-7007, interested parties must be registered with System for Award Management (SAM) under the NAICS 811310. Representations and certifications must also be on record. These registrations can be done through the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov. The responses to this solicitation/synopsis shall be submitted VIA E-MAIL ONLY. Ensure that the e-mail is clearly marked to indicate its contents, the solicitation number, and the identity of the firm submitting. Proposals may be submitted in Word or PDF format only. Do not include links to websites in lieu of incorporating information into your proposal. General Requirements. The contractor's primary focus shall be to: The contractor shall be qualified and licensed to work on items in the Statement of Work (SOW) and the attached equipment lists. The contractor shall maintain the equipment In Accordance With (IAW) the ANSI B56.1-2020: Safety Standard for Low, High Lift Trucks. The contractor shall maintain the equipment IAW International Organizational Standard ISO 9001 and compliance with manufacturer specifications and industry standards for maintaining equipment. The contractor shall supply all the necessary tools, parts, equipment, and personnel to achieve this requirement. The contractor shall be on call for any potential services related to all the items mentioned in the SOW and attached equipment lists on an as needed basis throughout the year for orders called against this BPA. The contractor shall provide quotes on an as-needed basis for any repair-by-replacement of the specified equipment. The attached equipment list has two highlighted pieces of equipment that the offeror shall propose a cost to replace. Personnel Qualifications: General Experience: It is essential that the contractor possesses a thorough understanding of hydraulic lifting equipment and the safety considerations for operation; as well as having demonstrated knowledge and expertise in repairing the items mentioned in the Statement of Work (SOW). Only a factory trained and certified technician shall conduct this work. Specialized Experience: The contractor must have demonstrated knowledge and expertise in maintaining hydraulic lifting equipment, diesel engines, load testing & certification, vertical lift testing & certification, electric vehicle repair & maintenance, chain fall & overhead lifts repair, maintenance & certification, cargo trailer DOT compliant experience also required. Contractor(s) must be able to address all concerns and requirements of operating, inspection, and certification of all the equipment specified in the SOW and supporting equipment lists. The contractor should limit the disassembly to the minimum extent necessary to accomplish the assigned work. Work is to include scheduled preventive maintenance checks and services, and unscheduled repairs (emergency repairs). Load testing shall be conducted by IAW OSHA and Army Regulations. Evaluation Criteria: BASIS FOR AWARD: Award will be made to the responsible vendor(s) that represent Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) to the Government. The Government intends to evaluate submittals and award each BPA without discussions. The Government reserves the right to conduct discussions if the Contracting Officer later determines them to be necessary. The Factors that shall be used to determine LPTA, in order of importance are as follows: Technical Requirements/Past Performance and Price. These factors are further described below: Technical Requirements: The Offeror must be able to prove that they have the ability to service this equipment IAW the SOW, the equipment list, and all applicable regulations. The Offeror must be able to perform, at a minimum, all of the services described in the SOW. This is an ALL or NONE requirement. Offeror’s shall provide a narrative that describes/supports its claims to be able to perform the services called for in the SOW in their proposal. Proposals that cover less than all of the services specifically identified in the SOW will be rejected as non-responsive. Past Performance: The Government will evaluate the Offeror’s record of past performance in work relevant to the type as called for in the SOW. Offerors are advised that, in addition to the Past Performance information requested in the Submission Requirements above, the Government may obtain Past Performance information from interviews/questionnaires tailored to the circumstances of this acquisition and/or any other sources available to the Government, to include, but not limited to, the Past Performance Information Retrieval System (PPIRS), Federal Awardee Performance and Integrity Information System (FAPIIS), Electronic Subcontract Reporting System (eSRS), or other databases; interviews with Program Managers, Contracting Officers, and Fee Determining Officials; and the Defense Contract Management Agency. The Government will evaluate both past performance submissions to determine if the proposed contractor has submitted recent (withing the past 5 years) and relevant (of a similar type of work) past performance. The Government will only award to an Offeror with recent and relevant past performance. Price: The Government will evaluate the pricing proposed by the Offeror for fairness and reasonableness based upon comparative pricing received from other offerors and upon the Government’s knowledge of and previous experience with these services, to include comparisons with available GSA Schedule pricing for similar services. The Contracting Officer may only award BPAs to responsible organizations whose proposals conform to this combined synopsis/solicitation and offer the best overall value to the Government. Any Offeror’s proposal that merely offers to perform work according to the terms of the RFP or fails to present more than a statement indicating its capability to comply with the terms without support and elaboration as specified in the instructions will be rendered non-responsive. (xi) Vendor quotation shall include any/all shipping costs to the US Army CCDC Soldier Center, 10 General Greene Ave, Natick MA 01760. Shipping may either be included in the price of the items in each CLIN OR broken out into a separate CLIN, however, it is the responsibility of the offeror to specify. If not specified, it will be assumed to be included in the price of each CLIN without further recourse from the offeror. (xii) The Department of the Army, Army Contracting Command-Aberdeen Proving Ground (ACC-APG) Natick Division requires the above services for use in Government warehouses. This combined synopsis/solicitation requires registration with the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to award, pursuant to applicable regulations and guidelines. Registration information can be found at www.sam.gov. (xiii) Delivery is required as soon as possible, the timeframe for specific delivery will be IAW the task order requests. Offerors should provide their best/earliest delivery date available to The US Army CCDC Soldier Center, General Greene Ave, Natick MA 01760. Delivery Inspection and Acceptance by the Government at FOB Destination. (xiv) The provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial, applies to this acquisition and is incorporated by reference into this RFP. (xv) Proposals will be evaluated IAW FAR 15.101-2 Lowest price technically acceptable. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offerors whose offer conforming to this solicitation has the lowest dollar value while conforming to the technical requirements. (xvi) The Government intends to award a contract without discussions with the Offeror but reserves the right to conduct discussions if determined to be in the best interest of the Government. (xvii) A completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3 (Dev) Offeror Representations and Certifications – Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation 2023-O0002) shall be submitted with the offer. (xviii) The clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions - Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and is incorporated by reference into this RFQ. (xix) The clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (DEVIATION 2025-O0003 and 2025-O0004), applies to this acquisition and is hereby incorporated by full text into this RFQ. (a) The Contractor shall comply with the following Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clauses, which are incorporated in this contract by reference, to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: (1) 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) (section 743 of Division E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235) and its successor provisions in subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions). (2) 52.204-23, Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities (Dec 2023) (Section 1634 of Pub. L. 115-91). (3) 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. (Nov 2021) (Section 889(a)(1)(A) of Pub. L. 115-232). (4) 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Nov 2015). X (5) 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) (31 U.S.C. 3903 and 10 U.S.C. 3801). (6) 52.233-3, Protest After Award (Aug 1996) (31 U.S.C. 3553). (7) 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Oct 2004) (Public Laws 108-77 and 108-78 ( 19 U.S.C. 3805 note)). (b) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (b) that the Contracting Officer has indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: (1) 52.203-6, Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government (Jun 2020), with Alternate I (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4704 and 10 U.S.C. 4655). (2) 52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 3509)). (3) 52.203-15, Whistleblower Protections under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Jun 2010) (Section 1553 of Pub. L. 111-5). (Applies to contracts funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.) (4) 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) (41 U.S.C. 4712); this clause does not apply to contracts of DoD, NASA, the Coast Guard, or applicable elements of the intelligence community-see FAR 3.900(a). X (5) 52.204-10, Reporting Executive Compensation and First-Tier Subcontract Awards (Jun 2020) (Pub. L. 109-282) (31 U.S.C. 6101 note). (6) [Reserved]. (7) 52.204-14, Service Contract Reporting Requirements (Oct 2016) (Pub. L. 111-117, section 743 of Div. C). (8) 52.204-15, Service Contract Reporting Requirements for Indefinite-Delivery Contracts (Oct 2016) (Pub. L. 111-117, section 743 of Div. C). (9) 52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328). (10) 52.204-28, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders-Federal Supply Schedules, Governmentwide Acquisition Contracts, and Multi-Agency Contracts. (Dec 2023) (Pub. L. 115-390, title II). (11)(i) 52.204-30, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders-Prohibition. (Dec 2023) (Pub. L. 115-390, title II). (ii) Alternate I (Dec 2023) of 52.204-30. (12) 52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (Jan 2025) (31 U.S.C. 6101 note). (13) 52.209-9, Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters (Oct 2018) (41 U.S.C. 2313). (14) [Reserved]. (15) 52.219-3, Notice of HUBZone Set-Aside or Sole-Source Award (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 657a). (16) 52.219-4, Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns (Oct 2022) (if the offeror elects to waive the preference, it shall so indicate in its offer) (15 U.S.C. 657a). (17) [Reserved] (18)(i) 52.219-6, Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644). (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-6. (19)(i) 52.219-7, Notice of Partial Small Business Set-Aside (Nov 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644). (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-7. (20) 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Jan 2025) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)). (21)(i) 52.219-9, Small Business Subcontracting Plan (Jan 2025) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)). (ii) Alternate I (Nov 2016) of 52.219-9. (iii) Alternate II (Nov 2016) of 52.219-9. (iv) Alternate III (Jun 2020) of 52.219-9. (v) Alternate IV (Jan 2025) of 52.219-9. (22)(i) 52.219-13, Notice of Set-Aside of Orders (Mar 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644(r)). (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-13. (23) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 657s). (24) 52.219-16, Liquidated Damages-Subcontracting Plan (Sep 2021) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(4)(F)(i)). (25) 52.219-27, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) Concerns Eligible Under the SDVOSB Program (Feb 2024) (15 U.S.C. 657f). X (26)(i) 52.219-28, Post award Small Business Program Representation (Jan 2025) (15 U.S.C. 632(a)(2)). (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2020) of 52.219-28. (27) 52.219-29, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Economically Disadvantaged Women-Owned Small Business Concerns (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637(m)). (28) 52.219-30, Notice of Set-Aside for, or Sole-Source Award to, Women-Owned Small Business Concerns Eligible Under the Women-Owned Small Business Program (Oct 2022) (15 U.S.C. 637(m)). (29) 52.219-32, Orders Issued Directly Under Small Business Reserves (Mar 2020) (15 U.S.C. 644(r)). (30) 52.219-33, Nonmanufacturer Rule (Sep 2021) (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(17)). (31) 52.222-3, Convict Labor (Jun 2003) (E.O.11755). (32) 52.222-19, Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies (Jan 2025) (E.O. 13126). (33) [Reserved] (34) [Reserved] (35)(i) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). (ii) Alternate I (Jul 2014) of 52.222-35. (36)(i) 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). (ii) Alternate I (Jul 2014) of 52.222-36. (37) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). X (38) 52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (Dec 2010) (E.O. 13496). (39)(i) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). (ii) Alternate I (Mar 2015) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). (40) 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (Jan 2025) (Executive Order 12989). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items or certain other types of commercial products or commercial services as prescribed in FAR 22.1803.) (41)(i) 52.223-9, Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items (May 2008) ( 42 U.S.C. 6962(c)(3)(A)(ii)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.) (ii) Alternate I (May 2008) of 52.223-9 (42 U.S.C. 6962(i)(2)(C)). (Not applicable to the acquisition of commercially available off-the-shelf items.) (42) 52.223-11, Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons (May 2024) (42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). (43) 52.223-12, Maintenance, Service, Repair, or Disposal of Refrigeration Equipment and Air Conditioners (May 2024) (42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). (44) 52.223-20, Aerosols (May 2024) (42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). (45) 52.223-21, Foams (May 2024) (42 U.S.C. 7671, et seq.). (46) 52.223-23, Sustainable Products and Services (MAR 2025) (DEVIATION 2025-O0004)) (7 U.S.C. 8102, 42 U.S.C. 6962, 42 U.S.C. 8259b, and 42 U.S.C. 7671l). (47)(i) 52.224-3 Privacy Training (Jan 2017) (5 U.S.C. 552 a). (ii) Alternate I (Jan 2017) of 52.224-3. X (48)(i) 52.225-1, Buy American-Supplies (Oct 2022) (41 U.S.C. chapter 83). (ii) Alternate I (Oct 2022) of 52.225-1. (49)(i) 52.225-3, Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act (NOV 2023) (19 U.S.C. 3301 note, 19 U.S.C. 2112 note, 19 U.S.C. 3805 note, 19 U.S.C. 4001 note, 19 U.S.C. chapter 29 (sections 4501-4732), Public Law 103-182, 108-77, 108-78, 108-286, 108-302, 109-53, 109-169, 109-283, 110-138, 112-41, 112-42, and 112-43. (ii) Alternate I [Reserved]. (iii) Alternate II (Jan 2025) of 52.225-3. (iv) Alternate III (Feb 2024) of 52.225-3. (v) Alternate IV (Oct 2022) of 52.225-3. (50) 52.225-5, Trade Agreements (NOV 2023) (19 U.S.C. 2501, et seq., 19 U.S.C. 3301 note). X (51) 52.225-13, Restrictions on Certain Foreign Purchases (Feb 2021) (E.O.'s, proclamations, and statutes administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury). (52) 52.225-26, Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States (Oct 2016) (Section 862, as amended, of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008; 10 U.S.C. Subtitle A, Part V, Subpart G Note). (53) 52.226-4, Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150). (54) 52.226-5, Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area (Nov 2007) (42 U.S.C. 5150). X (55) 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (May 2024) (E.O. 13513). (56) 52.229-12, Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements (Feb 2021). (57) 52.232-29, Terms for Financing of Purchases of Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4505, 10 U.S.C. 3805). (58) 52.232-30, Installment Payments for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 4505, 10 U.S.C. 3805). X (59) 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management (Oct2018) (31 U.S.C. 3332). (60) 52.232-34, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-Other than System for Award Management (Jul 2013) (31 U.S.C. 3332). (61) 52.232-36, Payment by Third Party (May 2014) (31 U.S.C. 3332). (62) 52.239-1, Privacy or Security Safeguards (Aug 1996) (5 U.S.C. 552a). X (63) 52.240-1, Prohibition on Unmanned Aircraft Systems Manufactured or Assembled by American Security Drone Act-Covered Foreign Entities (Nov 2024) (Sections 1821-1826, Pub. L. 118-31, 41 U.S.C. 3901 note prec.). (64) 52.242-5, Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Jan 2017) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(13)). (65) (i) 52.247-64, Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels (Nov 2021) (46 U.S.C. 55305 and 10 U.S.C. 2631). (ii) Alternate I (Apr 2003) of 52.247-64. (iii) Alternate II (Nov 2021) of 52.247-64. (c) The Contractor shall comply with the FAR clauses in this paragraph (c), applicable to commercial services, that the Contracting Officer has indicated as being incorporated in this contract by reference to implement provisions of law or Executive orders applicable to acquisitions of commercial products and commercial services: (1) 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) (41 U.S.C. chapter67). (2) 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (3) 52.222-43, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) (Aug 2018) (29 U.S.C. 206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (4) 52.222-44, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (May 2014) ( 29U.S.C.206 and 41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (5) 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (6) 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (7) 52.222-55, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 (Jan 2022). (8) 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2022) (E.O. 13706). (9) 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations (Jun 2020) (42 U.S.C. 1792). (10) 52.247-69, Reporting Requirement for U.S.-Flag Air Carriers Regarding Training to Prevent Human Trafficking (Jan 2025) (49 U.S.C. 40118(g)). (d) Comptroller General Examination of Record. The Contractor shall comply with the provisions of this paragraph (d) if this contract was awarded using other than sealed bid, is in excess of the simplified acquisition threshold, as defined in FAR 2.101, on the date of award of this contract, and does not contain the clause at 52.215-2, Audit and Records-Negotiation. (1) The Comptroller General of the United States, or an authorized representative of the Comptroller General, shall have access to and right to examine any of the Contractor's directly pertinent records involving transactions related to this contract. (2) The Contractor shall make available at its offices at all reasonable times the records, materials, and other evidence for examination, audit, or reproduction, until 3 years after final payment under this contract or for any shorter period specified in FAR subpart 4.7, Contractor Records Retention, of the other clauses of this contract. If this contract is completely or partially terminated, the records relating to the work terminated shall be made available for 3 years after any resulting final termination settlement. Records relating to appeals under the disputes clause or to litigation or the settlement of claims arising under or relating to this contract shall be made available until such appeals, litigation, or claims are finally resolved. (3) As used in this clause, records include books, documents, accounting procedures and practices, and other data, regardless of type and regardless of form. This does not require the Contractor to create or maintain any record that the Contractor does not maintain in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to a provision of law. (e) (1) Notwithstanding the requirements of the clauses in paragraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d) of this clause, the Contractor is not required to flow down any FAR clause, other than those in this paragraph (e)(1), in a subcontract for commercial products or commercial services. Unless otherwise indicated below, the extent of the flow down shall be as required by the clause- (i) 52.203-13, Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Nov 2021) (41 U.S.C. 3509). (ii) 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights (Nov 2023) (41 U.S.C. 4712). (iii) 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) (section 743 of Division E, Title VII, of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Pub. L. 113-235) and its successor provisions in subsequent appropriations acts (and as extended in continuing resolutions)). (iv) 52.204-23, Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities (Dec 2023) (Section 1634 of Pub. L. 115-91). (v) 52.204-25, Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. (Nov 2021) (Section 889(a)(1)(A) of Pub. L. 115-232). (vi) 52.204-27, Prohibition on a ByteDance Covered Application (Jun 2023) (Section 102 of Division R of Pub. L. 117-328). (vii)(A) 52.204-30, Federal Acquisition Supply Chain Security Act Orders-Prohibition. (Dec 2023) (Pub. L. 115-390, title II). (B) Alternate I (Dec 2023) of 52.204-30. (viii) 52.219-8, Utilization of Small Business Concerns (Jan 2025) (15 U.S.C. 637(d)(2) and (3)), in all subcontracts that offer further subcontracting opportunities. If the subcontract (except subcontracts to small business concerns) exceeds the applicable threshold specified in FAR 19.702(a) on the date of subcontract award, the subcontractor must include 52.219-8 in lower tier subcontracts that offer subcontracting opportunities. (ix) [Reserved] (x) [Reserved] (xi) 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). (xii) 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Jun 2020) (29 U.S.C. 793). (xiii) 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans (Jun 2020) (38 U.S.C. 4212). (xiv) 52.222-40, Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act (Dec 2010) (E.O. 13496). Flow down required in accordance with paragraph (f) of FAR clause 52.222-40. (xv) 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards (Aug 2018) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (xvi)(A) 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons (Nov 2021) (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O 13627). (B) Alternate I (Mar 2015) of 52.222-50 (22 U.S.C. chapter 78 and E.O. 13627). (xvii) 52.222-51, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (xviii) 52.222-53, Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services-Requirements (May 2014) (41 U.S.C. chapter 67). (xix) 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification (Jan 2025) (E.O. 12989). (xx) 52.222-55, Minimum Wages for Contractor Workers Under Executive Order 14026 (Jan 2022). (xxi) 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Jan 2022) (E.O. 13706). (xxii)(A) 52.224-3, Privacy Training (Jan 2017) (5 U.S.C. 552a). (B) Alternate I (Jan 2017) of 52.224-3. (xxiii) 52.225-26, Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States (Oct 2016) (Section 862, as amended, of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008; 10 U.S.C. Subtitle A, Part V, Subpart G Note). (xxiv) 52.226-6, Promoting Excess Food Donation to Nonprofit Organizations (Jun 2020) (42 U.S.C. 1792). Flow down required in accordance with paragraph (e) of FAR clause 52.226-6. (xxv) 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) (31 U.S.C. 3903 and 10 U.S.C. 3801). Flow d...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kevin Morris
  - Email: kevin.m.morris24.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 15208515081
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Brandon Rivett
  - Email: brandon.j.rivett.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/ffb42b82b23e44579e66a006bface72c/view)