---
layout: default
title: 6515--PORTABLE RO SYSTEM FOR INPATIENT DIALYSIS "BRAND NAME ONLY" OEM LETTER FROM THE MANUFACTURER IS REQUIRED. IF NO OEM LETTER VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE.
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 43d22f3585de452982e9e0e01123d6b5
---

# 6515--PORTABLE RO SYSTEM FOR INPATIENT DIALYSIS "BRAND NAME ONLY" OEM LETTER FROM THE MANUFACTURER IS REQUIRED. IF NO OEM LETTER VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE.

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-13 12:33:23.037-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0446
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) - IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION. THE SUBMISSION OF PRICING, CAPABILITIES FOR PLANNING PURPOSES, AND OTHER MARKET INFORMATION IS HIGHLY ENCOURAGED AND ALLOWED UNDER THIS RFI IN ACCORDANCE WITH (IAW) FAR 15.201(e). SEE ATTACHMENT FOR DETAILS: PORTABLE RO MACHINES FOR WASHINGTON DC VAMC BRAND NAME ONLY * OEM DISTRIBUTOR/AUTHORIZATION LETTER FROM THE MANUFACTURER IS REQUIRED FOR ALL RESPONSES, IF NO OEM LETTER IS SUPPLIED THE VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE & THE VENDOR WILL BE DIS-QUALIFIED AT THE TIME RFI WILL CLOSE *. * MUST COMPLETE BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-ISRAELI TRADE ACT CERTIFICATE - FAR 52.225-4*. * IF THE VENDOR DON T PROVIDE THE ANSWERS FOR ALL THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS (1-14). ** THE VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE & VENDOR WILL BE DISQUALIFIED AT THE TIME RFI WILL CLOSE *. This is a requirement for: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs VA Medical Center (VAMC). DESCRIPTION: The Washington DC VA VAMC requires the contractor to deliver within 60 days from contract award to the VA medical facility warehouse below during normal business hours from 8:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. (EST), Monday through Friday: Delivery to: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Washington DC VA Medical Center WAREHOUSE/ATTN: 50 Irving Street NW Washington, DC 20422. DISCLAIMER: This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. Note: The contractor shall deliver the required commodities (Please see attachments) no later than 60 days or less from the date of the award, otherwise directed by the Contracting Officer (CO). Commodities shall not be delivered to the Government site on Federal holidays or weekends unless directed by the CO. Delivery shall be made between the hours of 8:00 am and 3:30 pm at the delivery location, during normal workday business hours. The U.S. Government is Performing Market Research to identify responsible sources who have the skills, experience, and knowledge required to successfully meet the requirements. Information received from Market Research will determine the best acquisition strategy and if responsible sources exist for competition, and/or a total Small Business Set-Aside. This is only for Market Research but may result in an invitation to an open discussion with the U.S. Government. This notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the U.S. Government. All information is to be submitted at no cost or obligation to the U.S. Government. Any information submitted by respondents to this notice is strictly voluntary. Propriety information or trade secrets should be clearly marked. The information received will not be returned. The U.S. Government reserves the right to reject, in whole or in part, any private sector input as a result of this Sources Sought notice/market survey. The U.S. Government is not obligated to notify respondents of the results of this notice. All responses to this Sources Sought must be submitted to the point of contact listed herein. This does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise, that procurement will be accomplished and is not a request for proposal or invitation for bid. Responding to this notice in no manner guarantees a contract will be awarded. ** MUST ANSWER ALL THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS (FROM 1 TO 14) TO QUALIFY FOR THIS SOLICITATION ** **Respondents to this source sought announcement capable of manufacturing these items should at a minimum provide the following information for U.S. Government review** Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? Are you the manufacturer or distributor of the items being referenced above? Must provide the Manufacture Name (OEM) & Manufacturer Part (MPN). Must complete the buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate. FAR 52.225-4. If you are not a manufacturer. The company shall provide an OEM authorized distributor or reseller letter from original equipment manufacturers (OEM) to qualify for this requirement. If no OEM letter will be provided. The vendor will be considered nonresponsive, and the vendor will be disqualified at the time source sought notice (RFI) will close. Does all the items are on FSS/GSA. If the answer is yes. Please provide the FSS/GSA Contract Number and special item number (SIN) & OEM Letter from the Manufacturer that you are authorized to sell this product. Does all the items are on NAC/SAC or SEWP V. Please provide the contract number. Please provide general pricing for your products/solutions for market research purposes. Legal Business/Company Name (as it is indicated in https://sam.gov ). Unique Entity ID UEI (SAM). Warranty Information (Can be a separate attachment). Point of Contact Name, Telephone number and email address. Must provide the estimated delivery time frame after award. For example: Within 30 days ARO, Within 60 days ARO, Within 90 days ARO. The Government intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) contract for this purchase. To be considered for award, prospective quoters must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) website and complete representations and certifications at https://www.sam.gov . Prospective awardees MUST be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) at http://www.sam.gov. PRIOR TO AWARD and through final payment and must complete the Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) at http://www.sam.gov prior to award and through final payment. CONTRACT WILL NOT BE AWARDED UNTIL SAM REGISTRATION HAS BEEN COMPLETED. SDVOSB and VOSB socio-economic categories MUST be verified in the SBA Website, U.S. Small Business Administration: https://veterans.certify.sba.gov, at the time of receipt of quotes and at the time of award. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email: Mohsin.Abbas2@va.gov. No Telephone responses shall not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Friday, April 17, 2026, by 3:00 PM (EST). Responses to this Sources Sought notice will be utilized by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After reviewing the responses to this Sources Sought notice, a solicitation announcement may or may not be published in SAM.GOV/Open Market or GSA eBuy. LINE - ITEM DESCRIPTION PORTABLE RO MACHINES FOR WASHINGTON DC VAMC BRAND NAME ONLY B.1 PRICE/COST SCHEDULE ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

4.00 UN __________________ __________________ AquaC 15 Amp "BRAND NAME ONLY" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 24-10VA-1 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: 24-10VA-1 0002

4.00 UN __________________ __________________ Softener Portable incl. salt tablet kit "BRAND NAME ONLY" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 24-0479-0 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: 24-0479-0 0003

4.00 UN __________________ __________________ AquaCaddy V2 Backflow Prevention/RPZ "BRAND NAME ONLY" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 24-ACBF-0 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: 24-ACBF-0 0004

4.00 UN __________________ __________________ AquaCaddy V2 Bolt on HD Conn.Kit "BRAND NAME ONLY" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 24-ACCK-0 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: 24-ACCK-0 0005

4.00 UN __________________ __________________ AquaCaddy V2 Booster Pump "BRAND NAME ONLY" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 24-ACBP-0 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: 24-ACBP-0 0006

4.00 UN __________________ __________________ Aqua Caddy - Dual Carbon Block "BRAND NAME ONLY" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 24-AC02-0 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: 24-AC02-0 0007

4.00 UN __________________ __________________ AAMI Water Profile Kit "BRAND NAME ONLY" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 24-AAMI-0 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: 24-AAMI-0 0008

4.00 UN __________________ __________________ Install "BRAND NAME ONLY" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 111147 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: 111147 0009

2.00 UN __________________ __________________ System Technician Training "BRAND NAME ONLY" CONTRACT TYPE: FIRM-FIXED PRICE PRINCIPAL NAICS CODE: 339112 - Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing PRODUCT/SERVICE CODE: 6515 - Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies MANUFACTURER PART NUMBER (MPN): 111122 LOCAL STOCK NUMBER: 111122 GRAND TOTAL __________________

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Mohsin Abbas
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Mohsin.Abbas2@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: DETAILS: PORTABLE RO MACHINES FOR WASHINGTON DC VAMC BRAND NAME ONLY * OEM DISTRIBUTOR/AUTHORIZATION LETTER FROM THE MANUFACTURER IS REQUIRED FOR ALL RESPONSES, IF NO OEM LETTER IS SUPPLIED THE VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE & THE VENDOR WILL BE DIS-QUALIFIED AT THE TIME RFI WILL CLOSE *. * MUST COMPLETE BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-ISRAELI TRADE ACT CERTIFICATE - FAR 52.225-4*. * IF THE VENDOR DON T PROVIDE THE ANSWERS FOR ALL THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS (1-14). ** THE VENDOR WILL BE CONSIDERED NON-RESPONSIVE & VENDOR WILL BE DISQUALIFIED AT THE TIME RFI WILL CLOSE *. This is a requirement for: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs VA Medical Center (VAMC). DESCRIPTION: The Washington DC VA VAMC requires the contractor to deliver within 60 days from contract award to the VA medical facility warehouse below during normal business hours from 8:00 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. (EST), Monday through Friday: Delivery to: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Washington DC VA Medical Center WAREHOUSE/ATTN: 50 Irving Street NW Washington, DC 20422. DISCLAIMER: This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. IAW FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. Note: The contractor shall deliver the required commodities (Please see attachments) no later than 60 days or less from the date of the award, otherwise directed by the Contracting Officer (CO). Commodities shall not be delivered to the Government site on Federal holidays or weekends unless directed by the CO. Delivery shall be made between the hours of 8:00 am and 3:30 pm at the delivery location, during normal workday business hours. The U.S. Government is Performing Market Research to identify responsible sources who have the skills, experience, and knowledge required to successfully meet the requirements. Information received from Market Research will determine the best acquisition strategy and if responsible sources exist for competition, and/or a total Small Business Set-Aside. This is only for Market Research but may result in an invitation to an open discussion with the U.S. Government. This notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the U.S. Government. All information is to be submitted at no cost or obligation to the U.S. Government. Any information submitted by respondents to this notice is strictly voluntary. Propriety information or trade secrets should be clearly marked. The information received will not be returned. The U.S. Government reserves the right to reject, in whole or in part, any private sector input as a result of this Sources Sought notice/market survey. The U.S. Government is not obligated to notify respondents of the results of this notice. All responses to this Sources Sought must be submitted to the point of contact listed herein. This does not constitute a commitment, implied or otherwise, that procurement will be accomplished and is not a request for proposal or invitation for bid. Responding to this notice in no manner guarantees a contract will be awarded. ** MUST ANSWER ALL THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS (FROM 1 TO 14) TO QUALIFY FOR THIS SOLICITATION ** **Respondents to this source sought announcement capable of manufacturing these items should at a minimum provide the following information for U.S. Government review** Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc. Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? Are you the manufacturer or distributor of the items being referenced above? Must provide the Manufacture Name (OEM) & Manufacturer Part (MPN). Must complete the buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate. FAR 52.225-4. If you are not a manufacturer. The company shall provide an OEM authorized distributor or reseller letter from original equipment manufacturers (OEM) to qualify for this requirement. If no OEM letter will be provided. The vendor will be considered nonresponsive, and the vendor will be disqualified at the time source sought notice (RFI) will close. Does all the items are on FSS/GSA. If the answer is yes. Please provide the FSS/GSA Contract Number and special item number (SIN) & OEM Letter from the Manufacturer that you are authorized to sell this product. Does all the items are on NAC/SAC or SEWP V. Please provide the contract number. Please provide general pricing for your products/solutions for market research purposes. Legal Business/Company Name (as it is indicated in https://sam.gov ). Unique Entity ID UEI (SAM). Warranty Information (Can be a separate attachment). Point of Contact Name, Telephone number and email address. Must provide the estimated delivery time frame after award. For example: Within 30 days ARO, Within 60 days ARO, Within 90 days ARO. The Government intends to award a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) contract for this purchase. To be considered for award, prospective quoters must be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) website and complete representations and certifications at https://www.sam.gov . Prospective awardees MUST be registered with the System for Award Management (SAM) at http://www.sam.gov. PRIOR TO AWARD and through final payment and must complete the Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA) at http://www.sam.gov prior to award and through final payment. CONTRACT WILL NOT BE AWARDED UNTIL SAM REGISTRATION HAS BEEN COMPLETED. SDVOSB and VOSB socio-economic categories MUST be verified in the SBA Website, U.S. Small Business Administration: https://veterans.certify.sba.gov, at the time of receipt of quotes and at the time of award. Responses to this notice shall be submitted via email: Mohsin.Abbas2@va.gov. No Telephone responses shall not be accepted. Responses must be received no later than Friday, April 17, 2026, by 3:00 PM (EST). Responses to this Sources Sought notice will be utilized by the Government to make appropriate acquisition decisions. After reviewing the responses to this Sources Sought notice, a solicitation announcement may or may not be published in SAM.GOV/Open Market or GSA eBuy. LINE - ITEM DESCRIPTION PORTABLE RO MACHINES FOR WASHINGTON DC VAMC BRAND NAME ONLY B.1 PRICE/COST SCHEDULE ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT 0001

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/43d22f3585de452982e9e0e01123d6b5/view)