---
layout: default
title: 6515-- NX EQ Scrub Dispensing System (VA-26-00041629)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 110edd8eb0fa46838d1dc4707fc39dd8
---

# 6515-- NX EQ Scrub Dispensing System (VA-26-00041629)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-13 16:26:40.989-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10X26Q0125
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Solicitation Number:Â Â 36C10X26Q0125Â Â Notice Type:Â Â Combined Synopsis/SolicitationÂ Â This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for brand name, or equal commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.6, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Items, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued.Â Solicitation number 36C10X26Q0125 is issued for this combined synopsis/solicitation; this solicitation is being issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ). This combined synopsis/solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01, dated 13 March 2026.Â Requirement Description:Â VA has a requirement to purchase Scrub Dispensing System to deliver patient care to its VA Medical Centers around the country. Scrub Dispensing System are intended to be installed in areas of the facility where scrub uniforms are utilized. These systems consist of a dispenser in which authorized users can obtain scrubs, a receiver which users can return scrubs, and management software to track usage and inventory. Scrub dispensers and receivers may come as stand alone components or as combination units that incorporate both functions. Restricted access to scrubs and linens can reduce inventory shrinkage, simplify finding the correct size, and promote better management of laundering and inventory levels. Scrub dispensing systems may also improve operational efficiency and minimize resource costs. A single award Requirements contract will be awarded as a Brand Name or Equal in accordance with all terms, conditions, provisions, specifications, and schedule of this solicitation herein. Quotes shall contain the terms for cost/price and technical capabilities of the brand name or equal equipment. The Government reserves the right to award without negotiations.Â Â The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 339112 Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing, Product Service Code: 6515 Medical and Surgical Instruments, Equipment, and Supplies. The associated size standard is 800 employees. This procurement action is Set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) .Â This acquisition is for a single award Requirements contract in accordance with FAR Part 16.5 for IPAÂ® ScrubEX System brand name or equal to Scrub Dispensing System as identified in ATTACHMENT A PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ SCRUB DISPENSING SYSTEM. All interested companies shall provide a quote for all Contract Line-Item Numbers (CLINs) listed in ATTACHMENT A PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ SCRUB DISPENSING SYSTEM. The ordering period is for one 12-month base year with four 12-month option years. Delivery is a FOB destination. Firm-Fixed Price Orders will be placed against this contract in writing and will provide the delivery locations, delivery dates and exact quantities.Â Â The FAR provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition including attached addenda to the provision.Â The FAR provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and the specific evaluation criteria as attached addenda also applies to this acquisition.Â Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition and a statement regarding any addenda to the clause.Â Addendum is attached.Â All interested quoters must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting a quote. You may access SAM atÂ https://sam.gov/SAM/.Â Questions regarding this combined synopsis/solicitation are due via email by 10:00 AM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on April 23, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Jalima Jones at Jalima.Jones@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Sara Vickroy at Sara.Vickroy@va.gov No calls will be accepted. Quotes are due via email by 10:00 AM EST on May 04, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Jalima Jones at Jalima.Jones@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Sara Vickroy at Sara.Vickroy@va.gov SCOPE OF WORKÂ Â Â The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment National Program has identified Scrub Dispensing System product line as a candidate for a VA-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) single Requirements contract award.Â Â Scrub Dispensing System are intended to be installed in areas of the facility where scrub uniforms are utilized. These systems consist of a dispenser in which authorized users can obtain scrubs, a receiver which users can return scrubs, and management software to track usage and inventory. Scrub dispensers and receivers may come as stand alone components or as combination units that incorporate both functions. Restricted access to scrubs and linens can reduce inventory shrinkage, simplify finding the correct size, and promote better management of laundering and inventory levels. Scrub dispensing systems may also improve operational efficiency and minimize resource costs. The Contractor must demonstrate the ability to meet all requirements for the solicitation. The objective is to provide Scrub Dispensing System to be used by VHA clinicians throughout the United States and its territories. The period of performance is for one 12-month base period with four 12-month option periods.Â 2. REQUIREMENTÂ This requirement will be, Brand Name or Equal which requires the offeror indicate that each product being offered as an equal product to IPAÂ® ScrubEX System or equal, Scrub Dispensing System. For each equal product, the offeror must include a description reflecting the salient characteristics (SCs) and level of quality that will satisfy the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics of the equal product(s) specified in the solicitation. The offeror must also clearly identify the item by brand name (if any) and make/model number. Finally, the offeror must include descriptive literature, such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer (CO) and clearly describe any modifications it plans to make to a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements.Â The following line-items comprise the Scrub Dispensing System product line: Contract Line-Item Number Brand Part Number Description 0001 IPAÂ® ScrubEX SE-20003 scrubExÂ®

2.0 LV Dispenser w/ Touchscreen 0002 IPAÂ® ScrubEX SE-20093 scrubExÂ®

2.0 LV Remote Receiver w/ Touchscreen 0003 IPAÂ® ScrubEX SE-23003 scrubExÂ®

2.0 MV Dispenser/Receiver Unit w/ Touchscreen 0004 IPAÂ® ScrubEX SE-26003 scrubExÂ®

2.0 SV Dispenser/Receiver Unit w/ Touchscreen 0005 IPAÂ® ScrubEX SE-1150-SC Web-Based Management Software (scrubExÂ®/alExÂ®) 0006 IPAÂ® ScrubEX SE-2801 Pre-Installation, Installation, Start-Up, and Training (BASE First System) 0007 IPAÂ® ScrubEX SE-2802 Pre-Installation, Installation, Start-Up, and Training (Each Additional Unit) 0008 IPAÂ® ScrubEX SE-2817 Pre-Installation, Installation, Start-Up, and Training (BASE First System Existing Site) 0009 IPAÂ® ScrubEX SE-2808 Customer Server Update 0010 IPAÂ® ScrubEX SE-CLARIFY scrubEx New Software 0011 IPAÂ® ScrubEX SE-RECY Disposal fee of units 0012 IPAÂ® ScrubEX CC-LVD coverCare service for LV Dispenser 0013 IPAÂ® ScrubEX CC-LVR coverCare service for LV Receiver 0014 IPAÂ® ScrubEX CC-MV coverCare service for MV 0015 IPAÂ® ScrubEX CC-SV coverCare service for SV 0016 IPAÂ® ScrubEX CC-WEB coverCare service for software The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide IPAÂ® ScrubEX System brand name or equal to Scrub Dispensing System as listed above which meet all the following salient characteristics. Vendors may quote any product solution or configuration so long as they meet the salient characteristics. Products quoted in the technical volume must be captured on the Vendor s pricing volume (Attachment A, Price Cost Schedule) of the solicitation. Vendors may quote any additional ancillary products which they deem to be essential to the functionality of the proposed solution; these items must be captured in the Vendor s pricing volume with a quantity of zero. Vendors shall provide descriptive literature which will be used to thoroughly evaluate each proposal to determine the extent to which it meets the Salient Characteristics (SCs) listed in the Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice. Vendors are required to complete the highlighted area on the SCs Chart located on the Combined Synopsis/Solicitation document listing the location where compliance to the SCs can be found. The chart must be included with the vendor s submission. Offers which do not include this complete chart will not be considered for award. SC # Salient Characteristics Method of Evaluation Applicable CLINs Page # Where SC is Found in Technical Literature SC 1 System must dispense laundered scrubs and receive soiled scrubs. Literature Review 0001-0004 SC2 Must be capable of dispensing uniforms/scrubs to only authorized users. Literature Review 0001-0004 SC3 Must provide configurations for various scrub set capacities (small, medium, and large) Literature Review 0001-0004 SC4 Maximum height of Unit must not exceed 79 H Literature Review 0001-0004 SC5 Distribution Software must be web-based Literature Review 0005,0009, 0010 SC6 Must limit Personally Identifiable Information that is stored for tracking and access purposes Literature Review 0005,0009, 0010 SC7 Minimum 1 year warranty Literature Review 0012-0016 The following attachments are incorporated by reference. All criteria outlined in the attachments are applicable to this combined synopsis/solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jalima J. Jones
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Jalima.Jones@va.gov

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ SCRUB DISPENSING SYSTEM. All interested companies shall provide a quote for all Contract Line-Item Numbers (CLINs) listed in ATTACHMENT A PRICE COST SCHEDULE - NX EQ SCRUB DISPENSING SYSTEM. The ordering period is for one 12-month base year with four 12-month option years. Delivery is a FOB destination. Firm-Fixed Price Orders will be placed against this contract in writing and will provide the delivery locations, delivery dates and exact quantities.Â Â The FAR provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition including attached addenda to the provision.Â The FAR provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, and the specific evaluation criteria as attached addenda also applies to this acquisition.Â Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition and a statement regarding any addenda to the clause.Â Addendum is attached.Â All interested quoters must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting a quote. You may access SAM atÂ https://sam.gov/SAM/.Â Questions regarding this combined synopsis/solicitation are due via email by 10:00 AM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on April 23, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Jalima Jones at Jalima.Jones@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Sara Vickroy at Sara.Vickroy@va.gov No calls will be accepted. Quotes are due via email by 10:00 AM EST on May 04, 2026, to Contract Specialist, Jalima Jones at Jalima.Jones@va.gov and Contracting Officer, Sara Vickroy at Sara.Vickroy@va.gov SCOPE OF WORKÂ Â Â The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment National Program has identified Scrub Dispensing System product line as a candidate for a VA-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) single Requirements contract award.Â Â Scrub Dispensing System are intended to be installed in areas of the facility where scrub uniforms are utilized. These systems consist of a dispenser in which authorized users can obtain scrubs, a receiver which users can return scrubs, and management software to track usage and inventory. Scrub dispensers and receivers may come as stand alone components or as combination units that incorporate both functions. Restricted access to scrubs and linens can reduce inventory shrinkage, simplify finding the correct size, and promote better management of laundering and inventory levels. Scrub dispensing systems may also improve operational efficiency and minimize resource costs. The Contractor must demonstrate the ability to meet all requirements for the solicitation. The objective is to provide Scrub Dispensing System to be used by VHA clinicians throughout the United States and its territories. The period of performance is for one 12-month base period with four 12-month option periods.Â 2. REQUIREMENTÂ This requirement will be, Brand Name or Equal which requires the offeror indicate that each product being offered as an equal product to IPAÂ® ScrubEX System or equal, Scrub Dispensing System. For each equal product, the offeror must include a description reflecting the salient characteristics (SCs) and level of quality that will satisfy the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristics of the equal product(s) specified in the solicitation. The offeror must also clearly identify the item by brand name (if any) and make/model number. Finally, the offeror must include descriptive literature, such as illustrations, drawings, or a clear reference to previously furnished descriptive data or information available to the Contracting Officer (CO) and clearly describe any modifications it plans to make to a product to make it conform to the solicitation requirements.Â The following line-items comprise the Scrub Dispensing System product line: Contract Line-Item Number Brand Part Number Description 0001 IPAÂ® ScrubEX SE-20003 scrubExÂ®
- Attachment 2: , Price Cost Schedule) of the solicitation. Vendors may quote any additional ancillary products which they deem to be essential to the functionality of the proposed solution; these items must be captured in the Vendor s pricing volume with a quantity of zero. Vendors shall provide descriptive literature which will be used to thoroughly evaluate each proposal to determine the extent to which it meets the Salient Characteristics (SCs) listed in the Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice. Vendors are required to complete the highlighted area on the SCs Chart located on the Combined Synopsis/Solicitation document listing the location where compliance to the SCs can be found. The chart must be included with the vendor s submission. Offers which do not include this complete chart will not be considered for award. SC # Salient Characteristics Method of Evaluation Applicable CLINs Page # Where SC is Found in Technical Literature SC 1 System must dispense laundered scrubs and receive soiled scrubs. Literature Review 0001-0004 SC2 Must be capable of dispensing uniforms/scrubs to only authorized users. Literature Review 0001-0004 SC3 Must provide configurations for various scrub set capacities (small, medium, and large) Literature Review 0001-0004 SC4 Maximum height of Unit must not exceed 79 H Literature Review 0001-0004 SC5 Distribution Software must be web-based Literature Review 0005,0009, 0010 SC6 Must limit Personally Identifiable Information that is stored for tracking and access purposes Literature Review 0005,0009, 0010 SC7 Minimum 1 year warranty Literature Review 0012-0016 The following attachments are incorporated by reference. All criteria outlined in the attachments are applicable to this combined synopsis/solicitation

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/110edd8eb0fa46838d1dc4707fc39dd8/view)