---
layout: default
title: NRC VEX Robotics, Inc. Sponsorship
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 8c8df9b47c8341b980391e60ad3a3d75
---

# NRC VEX Robotics, Inc. Sponsorship

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-26 13:12:26.488-04
- Solicitation Number: N0018926QD046

## Summary

This is a COMBINED SYNOPSIS/SOLICITATION for commercial items prepared in accordance with the information in FAR Subpart 12.6, using Simplified Acquisition Procedures under the test program for commercial items found at FAR 13, as supplemented with the additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; a written solicitation will not be issued. PAPER COPIES OF THIS SOLICITATION WILL NOT BE AVAILABLE. This combined synopsis/solicitation SHALL be posted 0n on Procurement Enterprise Environment (PIEE) website (https://piee.eb.mil/sol/xhtml/auth/index.xhtml).This solicitation documents and incorporates provisions and clauses in effect through Publication of FAC 2026-01 and DFARS Publication Notice 20251110. It is the responsibility of the contractor to be familiar with the applicable clauses and provisions. The clauses may be accessed in full text at these addresses: https://www.acquisition.gov/far/ and http://www.acq.osd.mil/dpap/dars/dfarspgi/current/index.html.This solicitation is a request for quotations (RFQ) and is for commercial services. The RFQ number is N0018926QD046.The NAICS code is 611430 and the Small Business Standard is $16M. The Small Business Office concurs with the set- aside determination.The proposed contract action is for commercial services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one source under the authority of FAR 13.501(a)(1)(ii). Interested persons may identify their interest and capability to respond to the requirement or submit proposals. This notice of intent is not a request for competitive proposals. However, all bids, proposals, or quotations received by the closing response date will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete with this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement.The sole source vendor identified for this procurement is:VEX Robotics, Inc., of Greenville, Texas (CAGE Code: 6Q9R9).The Naval Supply Systems Command (NAVSUP) Fleet Logistic Center Norfolk (FLCN), Contracting Department, Philadelphia Office is soliciting on behalf of the Navy Recruiting Command (NRC) of Millington, TN for the following services: Contractor services to support the Navys participation at VEX Robotics World Championships taking place 21 April to 27 April 2026. The Navy recruiting mission is to aggressively recruit the best and the brightest students to serve our nation. This event establishes a set of activities that will support the Navys mission of recruiting and retaining individuals in the Navy. Participating in events of VEX Robotics World Championships will provide an opportunity to expand the scope of NRCs involvement, increase a diverse representation within our Navy, and strengthen the relationship with this organizations regional leadership. VEX Robotics World Championships provides direct access to over 30,000 of the worlds best and brightestyoung STEM minds?the future engineers, programmers, and technical leaders the Navy needs to recruit. The services from VEX Robotics has the potential to achieve a significant portion of its FY-26/27 new contract goals. The synergy created by information-sharing at VEX Robotics World Championships events fosters valuable recruiting and referral opportunities, contributing directly to recruitment success. The VEX World Championship is the pinnacle of their formative years. This is where a passion for engineering solidifies into a potential career path. NRC will actively explore and pursue commercial resources (i.e. fairs, association gatherings, academic competitions, etc.) to establish leads to applicants of varied ethnic backgrounds and career paths. Currently, VEX Robotics, Inc. is the only vendor capable of meeting NRCs need for recruitment opportunities for the best of young STEM minds globally. The requested services represent the minimum requirements of the government.The intended contract line item, description, quantity, unit of issue, and contract type are listed below: 0001 - VEX Robotics World Championships ? One (1) week event - FFPThe anticipated period of performance is 21 April 2026 to 27 April 2026.FOB Destination applies. Responsibility and Inspection: unless otherwise specified in the order, the supplier is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements and quality control.The following FAR provisions and clauses are applicable to this procurement: 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services;52.212-3 Alt I Offeror Reps and Certs - Commercial Products and Commercial Services (May 2024) - Alternate I (Feb 2024); 52.212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services; 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes or Executive Orders-Commercial Products and Commercial Services.The attached document includes additional contract requirements, terms, and conditions determined by the contracting officer to be necessary for this acquisition and consistent with customary commercial practices.A determination by the Government to not compete this proposed effort on a full and open competitive basis, based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All responsible sources may submit a quote which shall be considered by the agency.System for Award Management (SAM). Quoters must be registered in the SAM database to be considered for award. Registration is free and can be completed on-line at http://www.sam.gov/.All quotes shall include price(s), FOB point, a point of contact, name and phone number, GSA contract number if applicable, business size, and payment terms. Each response must clearly indicate the capability of the quoter to meet all specifications and requirements.All questions regarding the solicitation as well as quotations submitted in response to the solicitation shall be submitted in writing via email to elene.y.chappelle.civ@us.navy.mil. Any attachments included in a vendors email shall be limited to the following formats: PDF, Microsoft Word, and/or Microsoft Excel.This announcement will close at 3:00 pm EST (local Philadelphia time) on 31 March 2026.The contracting point of contact for this notice is Elene Chappelle who can be reached via email at elene.y.chappelle.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Elene Chappelle
  - Email: elene.y.chappelle.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 7712292595

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8c8df9b47c8341b980391e60ad3a3d75/view)