---
layout: default
title: Ambulatory Care Center (ACC) at Creech AFB, NV
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: b50a84bf51c54826ba03c3b88a52c077
---

# Ambulatory Care Center (ACC) at Creech AFB, NV

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-22 16:13:32.71-04
- Solicitation Number: W912PL26S0011

## Summary

Description: This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE for information only. Replies by interested parties will be used by this agency for preliminary planning purposes. No proposal or contract will be awarded from this notice. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this notice or any follow up information requests. The U. S. Army Corps of Engineers has been tasked to solicit and award a firm fixed price contract to construct an Ambulatory Care Center, Dental Clinic Addition and Renovation, and Ambulance Garage at Creech AFB, NV. Project Scope: The project consists of three construction features including: Ambulatory Care Center at Creech AFB (ACC), Dental Clinic Addition and Renovation and an Ambulance Garage. The ACC will be a new 6,968 SF free-standing facility immediately adjacent to Building 1033 that will accommodate nine departments: Optometry, Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Bioenvironmental Engineering, Audiology, Mental Health, Immunizations and Health/Nutritional Medicine, and Common Areas. Work will also include a 1,159 SF addition to Building 1033 to accommodate a Dental Instrument Processing Center (DIPC), dental radiology, and staff lounge with a 433 SF renovation to Building 1033 altering the existing space to accommodate a dental lab, supply room, shared office, and connection to the addition. The final feature of work is a 1,053 SF free-standing Ambulance Garage. The climate-controlled and sprinklered garage will accommodate one ambulance and enough storage to accommodate rapid response to flight line emergencies adjacent to Building 1033. The project will be constructed in accordance with Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC) 4-510-01 Design: Military Medical Facilities, UFC 1-200-01 General Building Requirements, UFC 1-200-02 High Performance and Sustainable Building Requirements, UFC 4-010-01 DoD Minimum Antiterrorism Standards for Buildings, and barrier free design in accordance with Architectural Barriers Act (ABA). All work will be at Creech AFB, Nevada. Minimum Capabilities Required Include the Following: Work includes the construction and installation of: reinforced concrete foundations, concrete floor slab, structural steel, concrete masonry units, exterior insulation and finish system, gypsum wallboard, and a single ply PVC roofing membrane roof, utilities; communications outside/inside plant support; site improvements and hardscapes; electrical systems; heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems (HVAC); dental air, fire detection and protection features; building automation systems, electronic security systems, cybersecurity of facility control systems, and other supporting work necessary to make complete and useable facilities. The type of set-aside, either small business or among the socioeconomic categories, if any, will depend upon the responses to this sources sought notice. The purpose of this notice is to gain knowledge of the experience and capabilities of both small and large business concerns in the construction industry, in performing similar projects in magnitude and complexity of this requirement. The Government is seeking to identify qualified sources either singularly or as part of an assembled team under North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction, which has a small business size standard of $45,000,000.00. In accordance with the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS), 236.204, the estimated construction price range for this project is between $10,000,000 and $25,000,000. The total contract performance period is anticipated to be 660 calendar days after receipt of Notice to Proceed (NTP). In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting, small business prime contractors will not pay more than 85 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor's 85 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Minimum capabilities required, include previous experience of projects similar in magnitude and complexity. Interested sources shall submit a capability statement demonstrating their ability to perform the work as described above. Responses should include the following information, which shall not exceed a total of six pages (not including CPARS). Offerors name, address, point of contact, with telephone numbers, and email addresses. Business size/classification, to include any designations as a Small Business, HUBZone, Service Disabled, Veteran Owned, Women-Owned, Disadvantaged Small Business, 8(a), in addition to others, and NAICS code designations. Bonding capability (construction bonding level per single contract and aggregate construction bonding level, both expressed in dollars; along with current available bonding capacity). Firm's interest in proposing on the solicitation when it is issued. Description of capability to perform the proposed project. Including, capability to manage subcontractors, manage and provide required reporting of small business subcontracting plan progress in a timely/accurate manner, advancing the socio- economic goals of the Federal Government, prepare and comply with various environmental and construction permits, and capacity to execute this project with other ongoing construction contracts. Past experience on individual projects of similar scope and magnitude, as described above in the project scope, and describing no more than three (3) projects that are complete or at least 50% construction complete and within the past six (6) years. Response MUST demonstrate experience in medical facilities, repair/renovations, AT/FP requirements, and new construction. Vertical construction project examples MUST have a construction value greater than $5,000,000 and at least (1) project greater than $10,000,000 and have occurred on a military installation (Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corp) within the continental United States or Allied Military installation built to US codes and standard and under a US Government Contracting Agency and/or performed under Veterans Administration. The projects should be similar in nature to what is described above in the Project Scope. The project title, location, general description to demonstrate relevance to the proposed project, the Offerors’ role, work scopes self-performed vs subcontracted and percentage of self-performed vs subcontracted, dollar value of contract, type of contract (design-build or design bid build), and name of the company, agency, or Government entity for which the work was performed with contact information (reference name, phone number and e-mail address) should be included for each project. For the past experience given, provide CPARS or related ratings information. The ratings info does not count towards the page count.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Nardos Taeme
  - Email: Nardos.Taeme@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Roger Minami, Procurement Analyst, Office of Small Business Programs
  - Email: kinya.r.minami@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b50a84bf51c54826ba03c3b88a52c077/view)