---
layout: default
title: Remanufacture and Upgrade of B-52 Wing Flap PDU NSN: 1680-00-605-9700FG, P/N 5-48705-54 and Upgrade NSN: 1680-00-605-9700FG, P/N 5-48705-54
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 4267336468744df5b806b3553011a1c7
---

# Remanufacture and Upgrade of B-52 Wing Flap PDU NSN: 1680-00-605-9700FG, P/N 5-48705-54 and Upgrade NSN: 1680-00-605-9700FG, P/N 5-48705-54

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-07 10:23:34.54-04
- Solicitation Number: FD20302501644

## Summary

The United States Air Force through Air Force Sustainment Center (AFSC), Tinker AFB 73145 is contemplating a 5-year Requirements type contract with a 3-year Basic and One 2-year Option for Remanufacture and Upgrade of B-52 Wing Flap PDU NSN: 1680-00-605-9700FG, P/N 5-48705-54 and Upgrade NSN: 1680-00-605-9700FG, P/N 5-48705-54. The contractor shall provide all labor, facilities, equipment and all material to accomplish remanufacture. The work encompasses the disassembly cleaning, inspection, maintenance re-assembly, testing, and finishing actions required to return the item to a like-new condition in accordance with the solicitation requirements and all attachments. The requirements set forth in this notice are defined per Purchase Request FD20302501644 as follows: Written response is required. Item 0001: NSN: 1680-00-605-9700FG, P/N 5-48705-54 3 Year Basic: BEQ 33 EA One – 2 Year Option: BEQ 22 EA Item 0002: Upgrade NSN: 1680-00-605-9700FG, Input P/N 5-48705-53, Output P/N 5-48705-54, 3 Year Basic: BEQ 3 EA One – 2 Year Option: BEQ 2 EA Item 0003: Over and Above. To be negotiated. Item 0004: Data (Not Separately Priced) NSN: 1680-00-605-9700 Function: Flap drive actuator positions the flaps on the B-52 aircraft. Dimensions: 30.0” h x 27.0” w x78.0” l and weighs 210 lbs. Material: Steel and aluminum LI 0001 Deliver 1 unit(s) 5ea/60days ARO Reps. Early delivery is acceptable LI 0002 Deliver 1 unit(s) TBD/ As needed. Early delivery is acceptable Ship To: SW3211 Duration of Contract Period: 5 Year Requirements Contract (3 Year Basic with One – 2 Year Option) Qualification Requirements: QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS APPLY. Interested vendors that have not been previously qualified for this acquisition must submit a Source Approval Request (SAR) package to the Source Development, Small Business Office at 405-739-7243. As prescribed in FAR 9.202(e), the contracting officer need not delay a proposed award in order to provide a potential offeror with an opportunity to demonstrate its ability to meet the standards specified for qualification. Part requires engineering source approval by the design control activity in order to maintain the quality of the part. Existing unique design capability, engineering skills, and manufacturing knowledge by the qualified source(s) require acquisition of the part from approve sources. This is a competitive requirement to approved Small Businesses. In order to receive any technical data related to this acquisition, offerors must send an email request to matthew.churchwell.2@us.af.mil Release of any data is subject to applicable data rights. The request shall be on company letterhead and include the applicable solicitation number, the specific data needed (including TO and/or drawing numbers), and a copy of the current, approved DD Form 2345. The form, including instructions for completing the form, is available at: http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/infomgt/forms/forminfo/forminfopage2220.html. The Government is not responsible for incomplete, misdirected, or untimely requests.** Some units of items listed in Section B may, upon disassembly and/or inspection, be determined to be beyond repairable limits specified in the Work Specification and/or Technical Orders. Any cost for work performed by the Contractor, prior to determination that such equipment is beyond repairable limits, shall be included in the unit price(s) of the listed item(s). Condemned units will not be counted as production. Export Control: N/A The RMC is R1/C. Set-aside: N/A The Government intends to issue a solicitation on or about 24 April 2026 with a closing response date of 24 June 2026 and estimated award date of on or about 27 August 2026. This notice does not in itself represent the issuance of a formal request for proposal and is not intended to be taken as such. Based upon market research, the Government will not be using policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested parties may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice. All questions regarding this notice are to be submitted in writing via E-mail. All questions submitted to this office are subject to be posted in this notice along with the appropriate response(s). Vendor identities will not be disclosed. Prospective offerors must comply with all the requirements of the solicitation and any attachments thereto to be considered responsive. All offerors are to specify in their response whether they are a large business, small business, small-disadvantaged business, 8(a) concern, women-owned small business, HUBZone small business, veteran-owned small business or service-disabled veteran-owned small business. Also, offerors must specify whether they are a U.S. or foreign-owned firm. APPLICABLE TECHNICAL ORDERS Specific Technical Orders PART NUMBER REMANUFACTURE MANUAL/ TITLE/REVISION AND/OR OTHER TO NUMBER DIRECTIVES (AFTO FORM 252) 5-48705-53 or 5- 16A1-13-7-3 Overhaul Instructions, 1NOVEMBER 2014 48705-54 16A1-13-7-4 Illustrated Parts Breakdown, 1 JANUARY 2015 General Technical Orders TO NUMBER DATE TITLE 00-5-1 19 NOVEMBER 2024 AF TECHNICAL ORDER SYSTEM 00-5-3 20 JANUARY 2025 AF TECHNICAL ORDER LIFE CYCLE MANAGEMENT 00-26-260 10 MAY 2022 METHODS AND PROCEDURES MANUAL -- UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION ASSET MARKING AND TRACKING 00-35D-54 15 FEBRUARY 2024 USAF DEFICIENCY REPORTING, INVESTIGATION *Publication dates are current as of the date of this Appendix A form revision. AND RESOLUTION OTHER PUBLICATIONS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY NOTE: These publications are for information purposes only. Air Force Manuals DOCUMENT NUMBER DATE TITLE AFI 23-101 21 OCTOBER 2020 MATERIAL MANAGEMENT POLICY AFMAN 23-122 26 OCTOBER 2020 MATERIAL MANAGEMENT PROCEDURES *Publication dates are current as of the date of this Appendix A form revision. DoD/GSA/Air Force Forms FORM NUMBER TITLE SF 328 CERTIFICATE PERTAINING TO FOREIGN INTERESTS SF 364 REPORT OF DISCREPANCY SF 368 QUALITY DEFICIENCY REPORT DD1348-1A ISSUE RELEASE/RECEIPT DOCUMENT DD1423 CONTRACT DATA REQUIREMENTS LIST (CDRL) DD1694 REQUEST FOR VARIANCE (RFV) DD250 MATERIAL INSPECTION AND RECEIVING REPORT DD254 DOD CONTRACT SECURITY CLASSIFICATION SPECIFICATION DD1574 SERVICEABLE TAG – MATERIEL DD1574-1 SERVICEABLE LABEL – MATERIEL DD1577-2 UNSERVICEABLE (REPAIRABLE) TAG – MATERIEL DD1577-3 UNSERVICEABLE (REPAIRABLE) LABEL – MATERIEL DD1577 UNSERVICEABLE (CONDEMNED) TAG – MATERIEL DD1577-1 UNSERVICEABLE (CONDEMNED) LABEL – MATERIEL DD1575 SUSPENDED TAG – MATERIEL DD1575-1 SUSPENDED LABEL – MATERIEL AFMC FORM 158 PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS Other Government Publications PUBLICATION NUMBER TITLE MIL-STD-130 IDENTIFICATION MARKING OF U.S. MILITARY PROPERTY NIST SP 800-53 Rev. 5 SECURITY AND PRIVACY CONTROLS FOR INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND ORGANIZATIONS NIST SP 800-61 Rev. 3 INCIDENT RESPONSE RECOMMENDATIONS AND CONSIDERATIONS FOR CYBERSECURITY RISK MANAGEMENT NIST SP 800-161 Rev. 1 CYBERSECURITY SUPPLY CHAIN RISK MANAGEMENT PRACTICES FOR SYSTEMS AND ORGANIZATIONS NIST SP 800-171 Rev. 3 PROTECTING CONTROLLED UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION IN NONFEDERAL SYSTEMS AND ORGANIZATIONS CONTRACTOR DOCUMENTS PART NUMBER DRAWING NUMBER TITLE AND DATE N/A N/A N/A OMBUDSMAN (AUG 2005) (An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition). The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at 405-736-3273. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS. Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. No telephone requests. Only written or emailed requests received directly from the requestor are acceptable.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Aczavius Smith
  - Email: aczavius.smith@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Matthew Churchwell
  - Email: matthew.churchwell.2@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 4057394809

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: form revision. AND RESOLUTION OTHER PUBLICATIONS FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY NOTE: These publications are for information purposes only. Air Force Manuals DOCUMENT NUMBER DATE TITLE AFI 23-101 21 OCTOBER 2020 MATERIAL MANAGEMENT POLICY AFMAN 23-122 26 OCTOBER 2020 MATERIAL MANAGEMENT PROCEDURES *Publication dates are current as of the date of this Appendix A form revision. DoD/GSA/Air Force Forms FORM NUMBER TITLE SF 328 CERTIFICATE PERTAINING TO FOREIGN INTERESTS SF 364 REPORT OF DISCREPANCY SF 368 QUALITY DEFICIENCY REPORT DD1348-1A ISSUE RELEASE/RECEIPT DOCUMENT DD1423 CONTRACT DATA REQUIREMENTS LIST (CDRL) DD1694 REQUEST FOR VARIANCE (RFV) DD250 MATERIAL INSPECTION AND RECEIVING REPORT DD254 DOD CONTRACT SECURITY CLASSIFICATION SPECIFICATION DD1574 SERVICEABLE TAG – MATERIEL DD1574-1 SERVICEABLE LABEL – MATERIEL DD1577-2 UNSERVICEABLE (REPAIRABLE) TAG – MATERIEL DD1577-3 UNSERVICEABLE (REPAIRABLE) LABEL – MATERIEL DD1577 UNSERVICEABLE (CONDEMNED) TAG – MATERIEL DD1577-1 UNSERVICEABLE (CONDEMNED) LABEL – MATERIEL DD1575 SUSPENDED TAG – MATERIEL DD1575-1 SUSPENDED LABEL – MATERIEL AFMC FORM 158 PACKAGING REQUIREMENTS Other Government Publications PUBLICATION NUMBER TITLE MIL-STD-130 IDENTIFICATION MARKING OF U.S. MILITARY PROPERTY NIST SP 800-53 Rev. 5 SECURITY AND PRIVACY CONTROLS FOR INFORMATION SYSTEMS AND ORGANIZATIONS NIST SP 800-61 Rev. 3 INCIDENT RESPONSE RECOMMENDATIONS AND CONSIDERATIONS FOR CYBERSECURITY RISK MANAGEMENT NIST SP 800-161 Rev. 1 CYBERSECURITY SUPPLY CHAIN RISK MANAGEMENT PRACTICES FOR SYSTEMS AND ORGANIZATIONS NIST SP 800-171 Rev. 3 PROTECTING CONTROLLED UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION IN NONFEDERAL SYSTEMS AND ORGANIZATIONS CONTRACTOR DOCUMENTS PART NUMBER DRAWING NUMBER TITLE AND DATE N/A N/A N/A OMBUDSMAN (AUG 2005) (An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition). The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at 405-736-3273. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS. Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. No telephone requests. Only written or emailed requests received directly from the requestor are acceptable

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4267336468744df5b806b3553011a1c7/view)