---
layout: default
title: Repair of B-2 Transponder Set, NSN: 5895-01-383-4052FW
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 237fb99166bf448c9177bca78ceebff0
---

# Repair of B-2 Transponder Set, NSN: 5895-01-383-4052FW

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 11:43:17.63-04
- Solicitation Number: FD20302502042

## Summary

The United States Air Force through Air Force Sustainment Center (AFSC), Tinker AFB 73145 is contemplating a firm-fixed price (FFP) requirements contract for the repair of the B-2 Transponder Set NSN: 5895-01-383-4052FW. The requirements set forth in this notice are defined per Purchase Request FD2030-25-02042 as follows: Written response required. (1) Action Code: N/A (2) Date: 20 March (3) Year: 2026 (4) Contracting Office Zip Code: 73145 (5) Product or Service Code: 5895 (6) Contracting Office Address: DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE (DAF) BLDG 3001 SUITE 1AF1-99A TINKER AFB, OK. 73145 (7) Subject: Synopsis of Repair of B-2 Transponder Set (8) Proposed Solicitation Number: FA811926R0011 (9) Closing Response Date: Anticipated solicitation issue date: 06 April 2026 Anticipated solicitation closing date: ?May? ?06?, ?2026 (10) Contact Point or Contracting Officer: Caleb Taylor Contract Specialist 405-739-4106 caleb.taylor.8@us.af.mil Jonathan Payne Contracting Officer 405-734-4622 jonathan.payne.11@us.af.mil (11) Contract Award and Solicitation Number: N/A (12) Contract Award Dollar Amount: N/A (13) Contract Line Item Numbers: Proposed Line Items: Line Item 0001: Transponder Set - Repair NSN: 5895-01-383-4052FW Part number: 159000-7 3-Year Basic: BEQ = 6 2-Year Option 1: BEQ = 4 6-Month Extension: BEQ = 2 Line Item 0002: Over & Above NSN: O&A Part Number: N/A 3-Year Basic: BEQ = 1 2-Year Option 1: BEQ = 1 6-Month Extension: BEQ = 1 Line Item 0003: Data & Reports NSN: N/A Part Number: N/A 3-Year Basic: BEQ = 1 2-Year Option 1: BEQ = 1 6-Month Extension: BEQ = 1 Line Item 0004: Surge NSN: O&A Part Number: N/A 3-Year Basic: BEQ = 1 2-Year Option 1: BEQ = 1 6-Month Extension: BEQ = 1 Line Item 0005: Material Lay-In NSN: N/A Part Number: N/A 3-Year Basic: BEQ = 1 2-Year Option 1: BEQ = 1 6-Month Extension: BEQ = 1 Line Item 0006: Repair Management NSN: N/A Part Number: N/A 3-Year Basic: BEQ = 1 2-Year Option 1: BEQ = 1 6-Month Extension: BEQ = 1 (14) Contract Award Date: N/A (15) Contractor: There is one approved source for the repair of this item: Associated Aircraft Manufacturing and Sales, Inc. (CAGE: 56540). (16) Description: (a) National Stock Number (NSN) if assigned: 5895-01-383-4052FW (b) Qualification Requirement: Yes (c) Manufacturer, including Part Number: Northrup Grummam PN: 159000-7 (d) Size, dimensions, or other form, fit or functional description: Length: 15.2100; Width: 3.5800; Height: 9.8700; Weight (HP):

16.0000 The Data Entry Panel (DEP) provides personnel with the capability of monitor and controlling the avionics systems. (e) Predominant material of manufacture: MACHINED ALLOY CHASSIS, TOP COVER, CIRCUIT CARDS, TRANSMITTER, POWER SUPPLY, CAPITIVE SCREW, GUIDE SCREW, GASKET, CHASSIS (f) Quantity, Unit of Issue, including any options for additional quantities: Line Item 0001: 3-Year Basic: BEQ = 6; 2 -Year Option 1: BEQ = 4; 6-Month Extension: BEQ = 2 Line Item 0002: 3-Year Basic: Lot = 1; 2-Year Option 1: Lot = 1; 6-Month Extension: Lot =1 Line Item 0003: 3-Year Basic: Lot = 1; 2-Year Option 1: Lot = 1; 6-Month Extension: Lot = 1 Line Item 0004: 3-Year Basic: Lot = 1; 2-Year Option 1: Lot = 1; 6-Month Extension: Lot = 1 Line Item 0005: 3-Year Basic: Lot = 1; 2-Year Option 1: Lot = 1; 6-Month Extension: Lot = 1 Line Item 0006: 3-Year Basic: Lot = 1; 2-Year Option 1: Lot = 1; 6-Month Extension: Lot = 1 (g) Destination information: FOB: ORIGIN DODAAC: SW3211 3301 F AVE CEN REC BLDG 506 DR 22 TINKER AFB OK 73145-8000 TINKER AFB OK 73145-8000 USA (h) Delivery schedule: Line Item 0001: Repair Deliver 1 unit(s) 30 days ARO 1 EA . Early delivery is acceptable Line Item 0002: Over & Above Deliver 1 unit(s) IAW PWS . Early delivery is acceptable Line Item 0003: Data Deliver 1 unit(s) IAW PWS . Early delivery is acceptable Line Item 0004: Over & Above (Surge Expedite Fee) Deliver 1 unit(s) IAW PWS . Early delivery is acceptable Line Item 0005: Material Lay-In Deliver 1 unit(s) IAW PWS . Early delivery is acceptable Line Item 0006: Repair Management Deliver 1 unit(s) IAW PWS/Monthly. Early delivery is acceptable (i) Duration of the contract period: 3-Year Basic with one (1) 2-Year Option period and Option for a 6-Month Extension. The period of performance (PoP) will begin on the day of contract award and end on the day of Government acceptance of the service. (j) Sustainable acquisition requirements: N/A (k) For a proposed contract action in an amount estimated to be greater than $25,000 but not greater than the simplified acquisition threshold - i. Description of the procedures to be used in awarding the contract: The request for quotation will be written and be posted on the Government-Wide Point of Entry (GPE), currently https://www.sam.gov. ii. The anticipated award date: N/A (l) Intended source and statement of the reason justifying the lack of competition: Associated Aircraft Manufacturing and Sales Inc (AAMSI) 2735 NW 63RD CT, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, 33309-1711, United States CAGE Code: 56540 The authority at FAR 6.302-1, only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements, will be utilized. Associated Aircraft Manufacturing and Sales Inc. is the only known contractor that has the data, parts, expertise, tools, firmware, software, test equipment, and personnel trained and certified to complete the repair. This requirement can only be performed by the pre-approved source. This acquisition will follow FAR Part 15 procedures. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency. (m) Technical Data: A technical data package will not be furnished as the Government does not own the technical data for the repair of this transponder set. (17) First Article: N/A (18) Place of Contract Performance: Contractor’s facility. (19) Set-aside Status: Two or more small businesses capable of performing this requirement are not available. This requirement is therefore not set aside for small business or any other socioeconomic concerns. (20) NOTICE: All questions regarding this notice are to be submitted in writing via E-mail. All questions submitted to this office are subject to be posted in this notice along with the appropriate response(s). Vendor identities will not be disclosed. Prospective offerors must comply with all the requirements of the solicitation and any attachments thereto to be considered responsive. All offerors are to specify in their response whether they are a large business, small business, small disadvantaged business, 8(a) concern, women-owned small business, HUBZone small business, veteran-owned small business or service-disabled veteran-owned small business. Also offerors must specify whether they are a U.S. or foreign-owned firm. OMBUDSMAN (AUG 2005) (An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition). The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements, and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at 405-736-3273. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS. Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. No telephone requests. Only written or emailed requests received directly from the requestor are acceptable.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Caleb Taylor
  - Email: caleb.taylor.8@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Jonathan Payne
  - Email: jonathan.payne.11@us.af.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/237fb99166bf448c9177bca78ceebff0/view)