---
layout: default
title: 7110--36C25526Q0308 | Height Adjustable Desks | STL | 657XXXX | $100,000
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: c03492f3aeb64050a7f75a902735aeea
---

# 7110--36C25526Q0308 | Height Adjustable Desks | STL | 657XXXX | $100,000

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-03 14:25:57.537-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0308
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Office Furniture-Height Adjustable Desks GENERAL SCOPE The VA St. Louis Care System is sourcing office furniture, to maintain sufficient inventory for our Reasonable Accommodation (RA) and Activation needs. The office furniture is for delivery only (no installation). Address: Jefferson Barracks VA Medical Center, 1 Jefferson Barracks Drive, Bldg. 57, St. Louis, MO 63125 Expected delivery for this project is 90 days from the date of award. The requirement includes healthcare office furniture, project management, and delivery. Service required is detailed in SV4 Healthcare Furniture technical requirements per VHA Healthcare Furniture ID/IQ. Healthcare furnishings include height adjustable desks, and related services. PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS The Contractor shall provide all labor, materials, equipment, transportation, and supervision. The Contractor will also be responsible for technical assistance, development, and generation for final inspections. Loading docks will be accessible. Stairs will be accessible. Elevators will be accessible. Duty hours will be 7:00am 4:30pm. The Government recognized US holidays are: New Year s Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, President s Day, Memorial Day, Juneteenth, Independence Day, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veteran s Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. If the holiday falls on Sunday, it is observed on Monday. If the holiday falls on Saturday, it is observed on Friday. The Contractor shall: Coordinate and provide project management of all products and services to manage, design, order, ship, and deliver new furniture from the manufacturer until final acceptance by the designated Government POC. Only include products specified within the ID/IQ, Brand Name or Equal. Prepare and provide furniture drawings in 2D and 3D. In both PDF and AutoCAD formats. Provide finish sign off sheets and samples. Provide maintenance manuals for all products specified. The Contractor shall place products in the designated Interior Design storage at the facility. The Contractor shall coordinate the delivery time with the St. Louis VAMC point of contract (POC). PROJECT REQUIREMENTS Necessary Components: The Contractor shall provide all components, hardware, and parts necessary for proper assembly, installation, and operation. New and Unused: All goods shall be new, unused, produced from current production components, and shall be delivered ready for installation. Within one week of receiving award, the Contractor must notify the designated Government POC if they cannot meet the delivery date. The Contractor will be responsible for all storage costs incurred if the schedule is delayed up to one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days. Delivery: The Contractor shall meet all trucks, receive products, and store them until the scheduled delivery date. The Contractor shall notify the designated Government POC immediately of damaged or missing product. Responsibility and liability for loss or damage shall remain with the Contractor until final inspection and acceptance by the designated Government POC. Missing or damaged products must be replaced in a timely manner. Environmental Considerations: All furniture should comply with current federal and agency sustainability requirements, in accordance with Executive Orders 13101 and 13123. https://www.epa.gov/fedfac/overview-executive-orders-affecting-federal-facilities Performance of Work on Government Premises: Current rules and regulations applicable to the premises where the work will be performed shall apply to the Contractor employees while working on station. These regulations include but are not limited to presenting valid identification for entrance, smoking restrictions and any safety procedures as outlined in the site regulations. https://www.cfm.va.gov/til/dguide.asp TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS All products brand name or equal CLIN 0001 Straight Height Adjustable, Rectangular workstation top, Laminate, Beigewood / 60W x 24D QTY: 20 EA CLIN 0002 SIERRA HX 2-LEG BASE SETS WITH FLAT FOOT KIT, Silver Programmable Switch QTY: 20 EA CLIN 0003 Laminate Modesty Panel / match worksurface laminate QTY: 20 EA CLIN 0004 Laminated Modesty Panel Mount Kit, silver QTY: 20 EA CLIN 0005 Mesh Cable Trough, gray QTY: 20 EA CLIN 0006 PET Privacy Panel Dividers, Greige QTY: 20 EA CLIN 0007 Panel divider bracket kit (3 Offset Surface), silver QTY: 20 EA CLIN 0008 8 Straight Height Adjustable, Rectangular workstation top, Laminate, Beigewood / 48W x 24D QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0009 SIERRA HX 2-LEG BASE SETS WITH FLAT FOOT KIT Worksurfaces 30"to 48" Wide Programmable switch QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0010 Laminate Modesty Panel /match worksurface laminate QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0011 Laminated Modesty Panel Mount Kit QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0012 Mesh Cable Trough QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0013 PET Privacy Panel Dividers QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0014 Bracket kit for privacy panel divider (2 offset surface) QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0015 Height Adjustable, Workstation- Top to construct an L-shaped, laminate, Beigewood / 60W x 24 D QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0016 Sierra HX 3-Leg Frame Set for 24"deep worksurface Programmable switch QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0017 Height Adjustable, Workstation- Top to construct an L-shaped/ 40W x 24D (return for 60" top) QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0018 Gang/joining kit QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0019 Laminate Modesty Panel/ match worksurface laminate QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0020 Laminated Modesty Panel Mount Kit QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0021 Mesh Cable Trough QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0022 PET privacy panel divider (19.75"h x 56"w), greige QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0023 Panel divider bracket kit (3 offset surface) QTY: 30 EA CLIN 0024 Magnetic Vertical Cable Manager, silver QTY: 80 EA ------ CLIN 0025 Service Level Agreement (SLA) Fee (3%) QTY: 1 EA

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: ASHLEY SCHMITT
  - Title: CONTRACTING OFFICER
  - Email: ASHLEY.SCHMITT@VA.GOV
  - Phone: 913-946-1151

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c03492f3aeb64050a7f75a902735aeea/view)