---
layout: default
title: DSCR B15 C-Bay Renovation of Office Space, Restroom, and Break Room
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0a10630ad8744a0ab2dd6b02998ad649
---

# DSCR B15 C-Bay Renovation of Office Space, Restroom, and Break Room

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-23 11:28:23.597-04
- Solicitation Number: SP470326Q0018

## Summary

Solicitation SP470326Q0018 has been amended to include a bonding requirement, and extend the solicitation close date until COB 03/27/2026. The Questions and Answers, Site Visit Attendance Sign-in, and revised SOW have also been added as attachments. The SOW has been updated to reflect any changes resultant to Questions received. Refer to revised SOW document SOW_Rev1 DSCR B15 TP1 Offices and Bathroom.pdf for full requirement description; this supercedes prior requirement details, and details found on the continuation page of both copies of the SF1449. Refer to amended solicitation SF1449 SP470326Q00180001.pdf for full and complete applicable clauses and provisions. Amendment document SF30 SP470326Q00180001.pdf has been added as an attachment. The SF30 is the formal amendment document, however, it does not contain the full solicitation amendment details - for full solicitation amendment details please refer to document SF1449 SP470326Q00180001.pdf This notice is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercially available services prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12, and supplemented with additional information included in this notice. The solicitation number SP470326Q0018 is issued as a request for quote(RFQ). Award will be made to the Lowest Priced Technically Acceptable offeror. The resulting contract will be a firm-fixed price award with an expected Period of Performance of 140 days from issuance of notice to proceed. Disclosure of magnitude: the estimated magnitude of the award is between $150,000.00 - $200,000.00 This acquisition is set-aside for 100% small business. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Code is 236220 (Repair or Alteration of Office Buildings). The small business size standard is $45M. Department of Labor Wage Determination based on location of the service provided (Chesterfield County, VA). Partial proposals will not be accepted. A site visit will be held on 03/12/2026@0930. See "Additional Details" below for full text for parties interested in attending the site visit. Please note: Parties interested in attending the site visit MUST be vetted through security prior to the date of the site visit - vetting can take 5 business days, interested parties should plan accordingly. Deadline for questions is COB 03/16/2026 - Questions and Answers will be publicly posted as an attachment to the same notice id on SAM.gov as the solicitation. Generally, answers will be posted to SAM.gov within 2 working days of the deadline for questions. Deadline for quote has been extended until COB 03/27/2026. Acceptable method of quote: Email to contracting officer Robert Moragues <Robert.Moragues@dla.mil> *******************Specific Requirements********************* For an offer to be considered for award, the contractor must own, possess, or otherwise control a bona fide place of business from which mobilization occurs within 125 miles of Defense Supply Center Richmond. A bona fide place of business refers to a location where the offeror regularly maintains an office with at least one full-time employee. The offeror must include the address of this location within the offer submitted. OBJECTIVES: The goal of this project is to repair and upgrade the bathroom, both office spaces, and the break area within Building 15 C-Bay of Defense Supply Center Richmond(DSCR). The purpose is to improve the condition, functionality, and overall quality of facilities that are currently in disrepair. BACKGROUND: The offices, break area, and bathroom within DSCR B15-C are currently in disrepair. These spaces require repairs and updates to ensure they are functional, safe, and suitable for employees. SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS The contractor shall: Bathroom: • Replace the entrance door/frame with a steel door/frame, no lite. Include heavy duty closure, deadbolt with thumb latch to lock from inside. Pull handle inside and push plate outside. Paint this door and frame, two coats, both sides, Manor Brown. Add a 6”X12” plastic sign mounted to the door that identifies this bathroom as unisex. • Clean the deep sink, toilets and urinals inside and out with a commercial cleaner and polish all items. • Replace toilet seats with heavy duty, match color and type. • Replace both sinks and plumbing (not in wall), approximately 20”X18”, center hole, white ceramic. Include single handle faucets. Remove the board the sinks are mounted on. Provide stainless-steel braided supply lines. Mount at same height as existing. • Replace the toilet partitions with solid phenolic, solid color, color choice by customer. • Add 2 partitions between the urinals, same type and color as above. • Scrub/wash the floors with a commercial scrubbing machine/cleaner. • Prepare all walls, conduit, and all other piping/components except fire sprinkler piping to receive paint. Remove defunct wall hangers. Ceiling is not in contract. • Prime then paint two coats of paint on all walls, conduit and all other piping/components. • Remove and reinstall all items from the walls as needed. Permanently affixed items can be painted around. • Replace the exterior window with a similar style to existing, metal. Provide a proposed window system to use for approval. Match closely to the current window sizes, mullions, etc. non-operable, double pane insulated. The goal is to closely match the new window to existing. This doesn’t have to meet historical regulations. • Provide and install an 8’ wide ceiling fan, no light, oil-rubbed bronze color, with wall mount wired controller (not remote) to control fan speed, mounted near the existing heater controller. Attach fan to “X” bracing near the ceiling in the room. Include a 12” down rod. Tie the fan into the fire alarm system so it turns off when an alarm is activated. The Big Ass Fan I6 is a known complying fan. • Replace pop up drain vent. • Remove all floor expansion joints and replace. Office/Breakroom: • Prepare, prime and paint both entrance doors and frames, both sides, Manor Brown, two coats. Replace thresholds and weather stripping. • Provide heavy duty closure to both doors. • For the front door and both sides of the warehouse door, add a box to accepted Lenel control panel. Add 1” conduit with pull string routed to within 1” of the cable tray in the warehouse adjacent to the office. • Remove the existing window AC unit, support, drain and other components and dispose. • Replace the entire wall panel to match the existing panels next to it, including insulation and thickness. The wall is about 3.5” thick. • Secure the wall to ceiling metal grid that is loose. • Caulk the wall to grid joints and verticals in the corners. • Prepare and prime both sides of all these panels including the metal strips that join the panels together both sides. After priming an inspection is required. Provide two business days’ notice for this inspection. • Paint these panels inside and out with two coats of paint. After the 1st coat an inspection is required. Provide two business days’ notice for this inspection. • The exterior color shall match the brick color. The inside color shall match the color of all interior walls, off white. Exact color choice by customer, eggshell. • Paint all exposed conduit, boxes etc. not ceiling items. • Remove and replace all cove base, replace with black. • Remove the existing VCT tile. • Prepare the floor to accept new VCT 12”x12” tile, blue/grey texture. Provide physical submittal color pallet for customer choice. • Follow VCT manufacture recommendations when applying a sealer and polish. 4 coats each. The current janitorial contractor uses Zep, 4-step system. • Replace all ceiling lights with 2’x4’ LED lights, color selectable. Reuse existing wiring. • Remove electric base board heating, conduit and wiring back to the panel and dispose. • Remove the old wall mount phone and speaker and dispose. Cut wires and hide behind conduit. • Prepare, prime and paint all walls. Color by customer, eggshell. • Shorten the conduit that supplies the fire alarm strobe over the cabinets from its current location to 5’ closer to the door to make room for the mini split. • Provide and install a minimum 26 Seer, 12,000 BTU mini split heat pump, Mitsubishi preferred. Mount above the break area cabinets centered. Route the condensate drain line to the exterior grass area. If the drain is run through the bathroom, run this drain line along the wall not through the center of the room. • Prepare, prime and paint the drain line to match the surrounding wall color. • Run a new circuit from the panel in the warehouse for the mini split. Provide a new correctly sized breaker. • Provide a concrete pad for the mini split in the grass areas against the wall. 4” of #57 stone then 4” of 3000spi concrete. Pad to be 2” above grade. Bagged concrete is acceptable. • Mount outdoor unit on concrete pad and bolt down. • Remove and dispose of all cabinets. • Remove the three supply and drain lines. Cap off in the bathroom. • Provide new hot and cold SS supply lines and drain, for new cabinets and sink from the bathroom. • Provide one 3’ double door base cabinet. Install base cabinet 4’ from the door. Base cabinet shall have drawers over each door. • Provide one 3’ - 18” tall wall cabinet mounted 18” above the base cabinet. • All drawers and doors shall have pulls and soft close hinges and slides. • Provide 1 - 12”X12” undermount SS sink, 16 gauge, 8” deep. • Provide a new gooseneck type faucet with built in sprayer. • Provide a solid surface quartz countertop and 4” quartz backsplash with marbling, 1.25” thick. Provide physical samples for customer selection. Large Office • Remove the ceiling grid, tile and lights and dispose. • Install new ceiling grid, white, the same height as existing. Install drop in textured tegular tile, fine fissured, white. All wall mounted ceiling grid shall be shadow type. • Install 2’X4’ LED drop in lights the same amount and location as existing, color selectable. Reuse wiring. • Prepare, prime and paint the warehouse entrance door and frame, both sides, Manor Brown, two coats. Replace threshold and weather stripping. • Replace the entrance door with a metal door/frame, with half-light and built in mini blind between the glass, almond. Paint, Manor Brown, two coats. • Provide lever handle, heavy duty stainless-steel. • Provide heavy duty closure and weather stripping. • Remove the sign on this door and reattach. • Paint all trim the same color as the walls, semi-gloss. • Trim out window. • Replace the office door with the same size, type, lite size etc. as existing. Glass to have internal mini blind, almond. • Paint storage door/frame, outside only. • Remove the existing VCT tile. • Prepare the floor to accept new VCT 12”x12” tile, blue/grey texture. Provide physical submittal color pallet for customer choice. • Follow VCT manufacture recommendations when applying a sealer and polish. 4 coats each. The current janitorial contractor uses Zep, 4-step system. • Replace all outlets, switches and plate covers, almond. Replace data plates almond. • Remove and dispose of all the wood paneling and trim. There is no gypsum behind them. • Dispose of all the existing wall insulation and replace with R-13 insulation except the interior office partition and storage room. After the insulation is installed, an inspection is required. Provide two business days’ notice for this inspection. • Install 5/8” mold resistant gypsum wall board over all walls except the storage room, 6” above ceiling. Finish to level 4. Trim sheetrock edges that protrude around windows and doors with white plastic edging or similar to cover rough edges, paint to match wall color. • For the warehouse door both sides, add a box to accept a Lenel control panel. Add 1” conduit with pull string routed to within 1” of the cable tray in the warehouse adjacent to the office. Exterior Repairs • Properly prepare both set of steps, risers, treads and handrails to receive paint. • Paint all risers’ safety yellow, two coats semi-gloss. • Paint the treads matt black with added Anti-Slip Floor Paint Additive, 1lb per gallon. • Paint all handrails Manor Brown, semi-gloss. • All areas to receive 2 coats of paint. For all rooms • Remove and dispose of all items remaining in the offices. • Relocate the refrigerators, microwave into the warehouse and replace. • Adjust all doors to close properly and meet ADA. See SOW for complete project requirement detail.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Robert Moragues, Contracting Officer
  - Email: robert.moragues@dla.mil
  - Phone: 8042795309
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Kyle Gregory, Contracting Officer
  - Email: Kyle.Gregory@dla.mil
  - Phone: 8049806388

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: the same notice id on SAM.gov as the solicitation. Generally, answers will be posted to SAM.gov within 2 working days of the deadline for questions. Deadline for quote has been extended until COB 03/27/2026. Acceptable method of quote: Email to contracting officer Robert Moragues <Robert.Moragues@dla.mil> *******************Specific Requirements********************* For an offer to be considered for award, the contractor must own, possess, or otherwise control a bona fide place of business from which mobilization occurs within 125 miles of Defense Supply Center Richmond. A bona fide place of business refers to a location where the offeror regularly maintains an office with at least one full-time employee. The offeror must include the address of this location within the offer submitted. OBJECTIVES: The goal of this project is to repair and upgrade the bathroom, both office spaces, and the break area within Building 15 C-Bay of Defense Supply Center Richmond(DSCR). The purpose is to improve the condition, functionality, and overall quality of facilities that are currently in disrepair. BACKGROUND: The offices, break area, and bathroom within DSCR B15-C are currently in disrepair. These spaces require repairs and updates to ensure they are functional, safe, and suitable for employees. SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS The contractor shall: Bathroom: • Replace the entrance door/frame with a steel door/frame, no lite. Include heavy duty closure, deadbolt with thumb latch to lock from inside. Pull handle inside and push plate outside. Paint this door and frame, two coats, both sides, Manor Brown. Add a 6”X12” plastic sign mounted to the door that identifies this bathroom as unisex. • Clean the deep sink, toilets and urinals inside and out with a commercial cleaner and polish all items. • Replace toilet seats with heavy duty, match color and type. • Replace both sinks and plumbing (not in wall), approximately 20”X18”, center hole, white ceramic. Include single handle faucets. Remove the board the sinks are mounted on. Provide stainless-steel braided supply lines. Mount at same height as existing. • Replace the toilet partitions with solid phenolic, solid color, color choice by customer. • Add 2 partitions between the urinals, same type and color as above. • Scrub/wash the floors with a commercial scrubbing machine/cleaner. • Prepare all walls, conduit, and all other piping/components except fire sprinkler piping to receive paint. Remove defunct wall hangers. Ceiling is not in contract. • Prime then paint two coats of paint on all walls, conduit and all other piping/components. • Remove and reinstall all items from the walls as needed. Permanently affixed items can be painted around. • Replace the exterior window with a similar style to existing, metal. Provide a proposed window system to use for approval. Match closely to the current window sizes, mullions, etc. non-operable, double pane insulated. The goal is to closely match the new window to existing. This doesn’t have to meet historical regulations. • Provide and install an 8’ wide ceiling fan, no light, oil-rubbed bronze color, with wall mount wired controller (not remote) to control fan speed, mounted near the existing heater controller. Attach fan to “X” bracing near the ceiling in the room. Include a 12” down rod. Tie the fan into the fire alarm system so it turns off when an alarm is activated. The Big Ass Fan I6 is a known complying fan. • Replace pop up drain vent. • Remove all floor expansion joints and replace. Office/Breakroom: • Prepare, prime and paint both entrance doors and frames, both sides, Manor Brown, two coats. Replace thresholds and weather stripping. • Provide heavy duty closure to both doors. • For the front door and both sides of the warehouse door, add a box to accepted Lenel control panel. Add 1” conduit with pull string routed to within 1” of the cable tray in the warehouse adjacent to the office. • Remove the existing window AC unit, support, drain and other components and dispose. • Replace the entire wall panel to match the existing panels next to it, including insulation and thickness. The wall is about 3.5” thick. • Secure the wall to ceiling metal grid that is loose. • Caulk the wall to grid joints and verticals in the corners. • Prepare and prime both sides of all these panels including the metal strips that join the panels together both sides. After priming an inspection is required. Provide two business days’ notice for this inspection. • Paint these panels inside and out with two coats of paint. After the 1st coat an inspection is required. Provide two business days’ notice for this inspection. • The exterior color shall match the brick color. The inside color shall match the color of all interior walls, off white. Exact color choice by customer, eggshell. • Paint all exposed conduit, boxes etc. not ceiling items. • Remove and replace all cove base, replace with black. • Remove the existing VCT tile. • Prepare the floor to accept new VCT 12”x12” tile, blue/grey texture. Provide physical submittal color pallet for customer choice. • Follow VCT manufacture recommendations when applying a sealer and polish. 4 coats each. The current janitorial contractor uses Zep, 4-step system. • Replace all ceiling lights with 2’x4’ LED lights, color selectable. Reuse existing wiring. • Remove electric base board heating, conduit and wiring back to the panel and dispose. • Remove the old wall mount phone and speaker and dispose. Cut wires and hide behind conduit. • Prepare, prime and paint all walls. Color by customer, eggshell. • Shorten the conduit that supplies the fire alarm strobe over the cabinets from its current location to 5’ closer to the door to make room for the mini split. • Provide and install a minimum 26 Seer, 12,000 BTU mini split heat pump, Mitsubishi preferred. Mount above the break area cabinets centered. Route the condensate drain line to the exterior grass area. If the drain is run through the bathroom, run this drain line along the wall not through the center of the room. • Prepare, prime and paint the drain line to match the surrounding wall color. • Run a new circuit from the panel in the warehouse for the mini split. Provide a new correctly sized breaker. • Provide a concrete pad for the mini split in the grass areas against the wall. 4” of #57 stone then 4” of 3000spi concrete. Pad to be 2” above grade. Bagged concrete is acceptable. • Mount outdoor unit on concrete pad and bolt down. • Remove and dispose of all cabinets. • Remove the three supply and drain lines. Cap off in the bathroom. • Provide new hot and cold SS supply lines and drain, for new cabinets and sink from the bathroom. • Provide one 3’ double door base cabinet. Install base cabinet 4’ from the door. Base cabinet shall have drawers over each door. • Provide one 3’ - 18” tall wall cabinet mounted 18” above the base cabinet. • All drawers and doors shall have pulls and soft close hinges and slides. • Provide 1 - 12”X12” undermount SS sink, 16 gauge, 8” deep. • Provide a new gooseneck type faucet with built in sprayer. • Provide a solid surface quartz countertop and 4” quartz backsplash with marbling, 1.25” thick. Provide physical samples for customer selection. Large Office • Remove the ceiling grid, tile and lights and dispose. • Install new ceiling grid, white, the same height as existing. Install drop in textured tegular tile, fine fissured, white. All wall mounted ceiling grid shall be shadow type. • Install 2’X4’ LED drop in lights the same amount and location as existing, color selectable. Reuse wiring. • Prepare, prime and paint the warehouse entrance door and frame, both sides, Manor Brown, two coats. Replace threshold and weather stripping. • Replace the entrance door with a metal door/frame, with half-light and built in mini blind between the glass, almond. Paint, Manor Brown, two coats. • Provide lever handle, heavy duty stainless-steel. • Provide heavy duty closure and weather stripping. • Remove the sign on this door and reattach. • Paint all trim the same color as the walls, semi-gloss. • Trim out window. • Replace the office door with the same size, type, lite size etc. as existing. Glass to have internal mini blind, almond. • Paint storage door/frame, outside only. • Remove the existing VCT tile. • Prepare the floor to accept new VCT 12”x12” tile, blue/grey texture. Provide physical submittal color pallet for customer choice. • Follow VCT manufacture recommendations when applying a sealer and polish. 4 coats each. The current janitorial contractor uses Zep, 4-step system. • Replace all outlets, switches and plate covers, almond. Replace data plates almond. • Remove and dispose of all the wood paneling and trim. There is no gypsum behind them. • Dispose of all the existing wall insulation and replace with R-13 insulation except the interior office partition and storage room. After the insulation is installed, an inspection is required. Provide two business days’ notice for this inspection. • Install 5/8” mold resistant gypsum wall board over all walls except the storage room, 6” above ceiling. Finish to level 4. Trim sheetrock edges that protrude around windows and doors with white plastic edging or similar to cover rough edges, paint to match wall color. • For the warehouse door both sides, add a box to accept a Lenel control panel. Add 1” conduit with pull string routed to within 1” of the cable tray in the warehouse adjacent to the office. Exterior Repairs • Properly prepare both set of steps, risers, treads and handrails to receive paint. • Paint all risers’ safety yellow, two coats semi-gloss. • Paint the treads matt black with added Anti-Slip Floor Paint Additive, 1lb per gallon. • Paint all handrails Manor Brown, semi-gloss. • All areas to receive 2 coats of paint. For all rooms • Remove and dispose of all items remaining in the offices. • Relocate the refrigerators, microwave into the warehouse and replace. • Adjust all doors to close properly and meet ADA. See SOW for complete project requirement detail

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0a10630ad8744a0ab2dd6b02998ad649/view)