---
layout: default
title: MID RH FITTING DEIC
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 03eb63afa229448c9ca47d2a624803f5
---

# MID RH FITTING DEIC

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-24 08:09:48.84-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRPA125QEA91

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|ALL|MID RH FITTING DEIC|||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT|8||||||||| TIME OF DELIVERY (JUNE 1997)|20|ALL CLINs/subCLINs|18 EA|475 days|||||||||||||||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice and Receiving Report (Combo)|Invoice 2 in 1|TBD|SPRPA1|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||||| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (JUN 2020)|4||||| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUN 2003)|6|12 months|45 days after discovery of defect||||| EQUAL OPPORTUITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| ESTIMATE OF PERCENTAGE OF RECOVERED MATERIAL CONTENT FOR EPA DESIGNATED PRODUCTS (MAY 2008))|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2024)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN--BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM (FEB 2024)|1|| ROYALTY INFORMATION (APR 1984)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025) (DEVIATION 2025-O0003)|12|336413|1,250 employees||||||||||| FACSIMILE PROPOSALS (OCT 1997)|1|IN LIEU OF FAX, EMAIL ELECTRONIC VERSION TO Alexa.Kolb@dla.mil | NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS, ANDENERGY PROGRAM USE (APR 2008))|2||X| The purpose of this amendment is as follows: This solicitation is hereby modified in accordance with DoD Class Deviation 2025-O0003, Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity in Federal Contracts, which implements Executive Order (E.O.) 14173, Ending Illegal Discrimination and Restoring Merit-Based Opportunity, and E.O. 14168, Defending Women from Gender Ideology Extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the Federal Government and in accordance with Class Deviation 2025-O0004, Revocation of Executive Order on Sustainability which implements section 2(rr) of E.O. 14148, Initial Rescissions of Harmful Executive Orders and Actions, of January 20, 2025 (see 90 FR 8237), which revoked E.O. 14057, Catalyzing Clean Energy Industries and Jobs Through Federal Sustainability, of December 8, 2021.The solicitation is amended as follows: (1.) If included in the solicitation, the following solicitation provisions and contract clauses are hereby deleted: 52.222-21, Prohibition of Segregated Facilities. 52.222-22, Previous Contracts and Compliance Reports. 52.222-23, Notice of Requirement for Affirmative Action To Ensure Equal Employment Opportunity for Construction. 52.222-24, Preaward On-Site Equal Opportunity Compliance Evaluation. 52.222-25, Affirmative Action Compliance. 52.222-26, Equal Opportunity. 52.222-26 Equal Opportunity ? ALT I. 52.222-27, Affirmative Action Compliance Requirements for Construction. 52.222-29, Notification of Visa Denial. 52.223-19, Compliance with Environmental Management Systems. 52.223-22, Public Disclosure of Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Reduction Goals?Representation. (2.) If included in the solicitation, the following contract clauses are hereby revised as follows: 52.222-9, Apprentices and Trainees (Deviation 2025-O0003), in lieu of 52.229-9. 52.244-6, Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation 2025-O0003), in lieu of 52.244-6. 52.223-10, Waste Reduction Program (Deviation 2025-O0004), in lieu of 52.223-10. 52.223-23, Sustainable Products and Services (Deviation 2025-O0004), in lieu of 52.223-23. 52.204-8, Annual Representations and Certifications (Deviation 2025- O0004), in lieu of 52.204-8. 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications---Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation 2025-O00004), in lieu of 52.212-3. 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders---Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation 2025-O0004), in lieu of 52.212-5. 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders---Commercial Products and Commercial Services - ALT II (Deviation 2025-O0003), in lieu of 52.212-5. 52.213-4, Terms and Conditions---Simplified Acquisitions (Other Than Commercial Products and Commercial Services) (Deviation 2025-O0004), in lieu of 52.212-4. \ The purpose of this amendment is to hereby incorporate the following: The quantity is increased from 18 EA to 21 EA. Please provide a quote for the total quantity of 21 EA. The solicitation closing date is amended from 01 April 2025 to 30 April 2025. This solicitation is being issued under Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF), formerly known as SEPA. Drawings and technical data are not available for this solicitation/requirement. Offerors are advised that offers received from sources which are not government-approved sources of supply will be deemed technically unacceptable, and therefore ineligible for award. Quotes/proposals from dealers/distributors for governmentapproved source(s) MUST submit via email a copy of their authorized distributor letter (on the actual manufacturer?s letterhead) to the buyer point of contact indicated on the solicitation at time of quote/proposal submission. This item can only be procured from suppliers who provide FAA-Certified parts which possess an FAA Authorized Release Certificate, FAA Form 8130-3 Airworthy Approval Tag.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2157370525
  - Email: ALEXA.KOLB@DLA.MIL

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/03eb63afa229448c9ca47d2a624803f5/view)