---
layout: default
title: 7210--New Mattresses - RMR VAMC
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 07c21e2d15f34b47b7d8736acfd95f39
---

# 7210--New Mattresses - RMR VAMC

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 12:46:17.701-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0381
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Request for Quote (RFQ) #: 36C25926Q0381 New Mattresses for Eastern Colorado Healthcare System (ECHCS) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation. * The deadline for all questions is 12:00pm MST April 6, 2026. All questions must be submitted in writing no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. ** Quotes are to be provided Christopher.hollingsworth2@va.gov no later than 16:00pm MST, April 8, 2026. Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make the award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C25926Q0381. The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2026-01 effective March 13, 2026. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 337910 Mattress Manufacturing with a business size standard of 1,000 employees. This solicitation is 100% set-aside for Small Business. List of Line Items; Line Items Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price ($) Total Price ($) 0001 Mattress 36x80 w/o zippers 30 EA $ $ Grand Total ($) Description of Requirements for the items/Services to be acquired: Statement of Work Mattresses Eastern Colorado Health Care System Aurora, CO 2 December 2025 PURPOSE The purpose of this requirement is to deliver mattresses to the VA Eastern Colorado Health Care System, located at 1700 N. Wheeling Street, Aurora, CO 80045. SCOPE The Contractor shall deliver all items listed in section 3.1. All items must meet all salient characteristics defined in section 3.1. The Contractor shall furnish all personnel, supplies, and equipment required for delivery. 3. ITEM SPECIFICATIONS AND SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS 3.1. Detailed Item Description Example: Mattresses with the specifications below Basis of Design (make/model/Mfr Part No): Mattresses with below specifications Technical Specifications/Salient Characteristics: Mattresses 36x80 w/o zippers Med Surg use Weight capacity up to 350 pounds Width 36 inches Length 80 inches Designed to prevent pressure ulcers Zoned layers or channels to redistribute weight Envy 4 way stretch top cover Non-skid polyurethane bottom cover Halogen free fire barrier Pressure mapping 12 chamber mattress No zippers DELIVERY

4.1 Delivery Timeframe: within 30 days of award unless specified differently within scope of contract.

4.2 Delivery Location: Contractor shall deliver all equipment to the Eastern Colorado Health Care System, 1700 N. Wheeling Street, Aurora, CO 80045 Delivery Markings: Contractor shall deliver items in manufacturer's original sealed containers with manufactures name marked thereon. Deliveries shall be marked with the PO and contract number. Delivery will be coordinated through the On-Site Point of Contact (POC). POCs for delivery are: Daniel.bakko@va.gov OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE MANUALS Binders - Quantity (2) each for items identified in section

3.1 Digital Copies - Quantity (1) each for items identified in section 3.1. Deliver compilation of all manufacturers recommended maintenance schedule and operation materials packaged in binder(s) to On-Site Point of Contact upon completion of installation. SECURITY REQUIREMENTS Security background checks are not required. WARRANTY The contractor shall provide all manufacturer(s) warranties on all parts and labor at time of delivery. The warranties shall include all travel and shipping costs associated with any warranty repair. End of Statement of Work Delivery and acceptance are to be F.O.B Destination (RFO 52.247-34) at the VA Eastern Colorado Health Care System (ECHCS). Department of Veterans Affairs Rocky Mountain Regional VAMC 1700 N. Wheeling St Aurora, CO 80045 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. If the acquisition is set-aside for SDVOSBs/VOSBs, their socioeconomic status must be verified and visible in the SBA Small Business Certification (SBS): https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ at the time of quote submission AND award, or will be considered non-responsive, and will NOT be considered for award. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement; (II) Price; (III) Completion of RFO 25 Provision Volume I - Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit specifications, cut sheets, or brochures confirming the equal products, including equal products of the brand name manufacturer submitted, meets or exceeds the salient physical, functional, or performance characteristic specified in this solicitation. The product(s) quoted must be identified by brand name, if any, and make or model number. Volume II Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (iv) above: Price/Cost Schedule. Volume III Completion of RFO 25 Provision The offeror shall complete the provision if required by RFO Part 25. Provision RFO 52.225-2. (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement Factor II. Price Factor III Completion of RFO 25 Provision Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor 1. Technical capability or quality of the item offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Factor 2. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the item offered to the Government requirement shall not be selected regardless of price. Factor 3. Completion of RFO 25 Provision: The Government will evaluate the responses an offeror makes to Attachment - RFO 52.225-2, for completeness. The Government will evaluate quotes of foreign and domestic offers IAW RFO Part 25. The offeror will complete the provision if required IAW RFO 25. RFO 52.225-2. If offeror does not provide all volumes as outlined in RFO 52.212-1 Instructions, the offer may be considered non-responsive. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source 52.203-6 with Alt I Restrictions on Subcontractor Sales to the Government Statute 52.203-13 Contractor Code of Business Ethics and Conduct Statute X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights Statute 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements Statute 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel Other X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance Statute 52.204-91 Contractor identification Other 52.209-6 Protecting the Government s Interest When Subcontracting with Contractors Debarred, Suspended, or Proposed for Debarment Statute 52.209-9 Updates of Publicly Available Information Regarding Responsibility Matters Statute X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations Statute 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns Statute X 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside Statute 52.219-6 with Alt I Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-8 Utilization of Small Business Concerns Statute 52.219-9 Small Business Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-9 with Alt I Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate I Statute 52.219-9 with Alt II Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate II Statute 52.219-9 with Alt III Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate III Statute 52.219-9 with Alt IV Small Business Subcontracting Plan, with Alternate IV Statute 52.219-14 Limitations on Subcontracting Statute 52.219-16 Liquidated Damages Subcontracting Plan Statute 52.219-33 Nonmanufacturer Rule Statute X 52.222-3 Convict Labor EO X 52.222-19 Child Labor Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies EO 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans Statute 52.222-35 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Veterans, with Alternate I Statute X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities Statute 52.222-36 with Alt I Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities, with Alternate I Statute 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans Statute X 52.222-40 Notification of Employee Rights Under the National Labor Relations Act EO 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards Statute 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits _____________ __________________________ _____________ __________________________ Statute 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) Statute 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment Statute X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons Statute 52.222-50 with Alt I Combating Trafficking in Persons, with its Alternate I Statute 52.222-51 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Requirements Other 52.222-53 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards to Contracts for Certain Services Requirements Other 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification EO 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 EO 52.223-9 Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items Statute 52.223-9 with Alt I Estimate of Percentage of Recovered Material Content for EPA-Designated Items, with Alternate I Statute 52.223-11 Ozone-Depleting Substances and High Global Warming Potential Hydrofluorocarbons Statute 52.223-12 Maintenance Statute 52.223-20 Aerosols Statute 52.223-21 Foams Statute X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services Statute 52.224-3 Privacy Training Statute 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-1 Buy American-Supplies Statute X 52.225-1 with Alt I Buy American-Supplies, with Alternate I Statute 52.225-3 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Statute 52.225-3 with Alt II Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate II Statute 52.225-3 with Alt III Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate III Statute 52.225-3 with Alt IV Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act, with Alternate IV Statute 52.225-5 Trade Agreements Statute 52.225-19 Contractor Personnel in a Designated Operational Area or Supporting a Diplomatic or Consular Mission outside the United States Other 52.225-26 Contractors Performing Private Security Functions Outside the United States Statute 52.226-4 Notice of Disaster or Emergency Area Set-Aside Statute 52.226-5 Restrictions on Subcontracting Outside Disaster or Emergency Area Statute X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving EO 52.229-12 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Statute X 52.232-29 Terms for Financing of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.232-30 Installment Payments of Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management Statute 52.232-34 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer Other than System for Award Management Statute 52.232-36 Payment by Third Party Statute X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors Statute 52.232-90 Fast Payment Procedure Statute X 52.233-3 Protest After Award Statute X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim Statute X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Statute 52.240-91 with Alt I Security Prohibitions and Exclusions, with Alternate I Statute 52.240-92 Security Requirements Other 52.240-92 with Alt II Security Requirements with Alternate II Other 52.240-93 Â Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems Â X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Statute 52.247-64 Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels Statute 52.247-64 with Alt I Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate I Statute 52.247-64 with Alt II Preference for Privately Owned U.S.-Flag Commercial Vessels, with Alternate II Statute Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.219-73 VA Notice of Total Set-Aside for Certified Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses. (JAN 2023) (DEVIATION) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.246-71 Rejected Goods (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899. (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title Source 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions Statute 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation Statute X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration Statute 52.204-7 with Alt I System for Award Management Registration, with Alternate I Statute 52.204-90 Offeror Identification Statute 52.207-6 Solicitation of Offers from Small Business Concerns and Small Business Teaming Arrangements or Joint Ventures (Multiple-Award Contracts) Statute 52.209-12 Certification Regarding Tax Matters Statute 52.219-2 Equal Low Bids Statute 52.222-18 Certification Regarding Knowledge of Child Labor for Listed End Products E.O. 52.222-48 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Maintenance, Calibration, or Repair of Certain Equipment Certification Other 52.222-52 Exemption from Application of the Service Contract Labor Standards for Certain Services-Certification Other 52.222-56 Certification Regarding Trafficking in Persons Compliance Plan Statute 52.223-4 Recovered Material Certification Statute X 52.225-2 Buy American Certificate Statute 52.225-4 Buy American-Free Trade Agreements-Israeli Trade Act Certificate Statute 52.225-6 Trade Agreements-Certificate Statute 52.225-20 Prohibition on Conducting Restricted Business Operations in Sudan-Certification Statute 52.225-25 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran-Representation and Certifications Statute 52.226-3 Disaster or Emergency Area Representation Statute 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation Statute X 52.240-90 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions Representations and Certifications Statute The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to Christopher.hollingsworth2@va.gov by 16:00pm MST, April 8, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Chris Hollingsworth Christopher.Hollingsworth2@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Chris Hollingsworth
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Christopher.Hollingsworth2@va.gov
  - Phone: (303)712-5724

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/07c21e2d15f34b47b7d8736acfd95f39/view)