---
layout: default
title: 6640--BRAND NAME OR EQUAL SINGLE SAMPLE MICRO OSMOMETER
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: a3fbdbc551f84c8cae2a3522f0c2fc61
---

# 6640--BRAND NAME OR EQUAL SINGLE SAMPLE MICRO OSMOMETER

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-31 12:35:03.047-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0592
- Awardee: null

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE: The Network Contracting Office (NCO) 16 located at 2495 Shreveport Highway, Pineville, LA, hereby issues the following Sources Sought/ Request for Information (RFI) with the intent of determining the contractor interest, capabilities, qualifications of potential businesses, nonmanufacturer rule compliance, Buy American Act compliance, Trade Agreement compliance and estimated industry pricing information for market research and estimated budgetary purpose for Contractor to assist with the purchase, delivery, and installation of one Brand Name or Equal Advanced Instruments Single-Sample Micro-Osmometer for Central Arkansas Veterans Healthcare System (CAVHS), 4300 West 7th Street, Little Rock, AR, 72205. NCO 16 is seeking information from potential contractors on their ability to provide one Brand Name or Equal Advanced Instruments Single-Sample Micro-Osmometer. See attached Statement of Work. THIS IS SOURCES SOUGHTNOTICE FOR REQUEST INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. Small Business Concerns are encouraged to provide responses to this Sources Sought in order to assist the CAVHS in determining potential levels of competition available in the industry. Contractors shall possess the capability to provide all requirements and meet the objective of finding qualified and certified contractors with the capability to provide the required product. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) for this requirement is, 334516, Analytical Laboratory Instrument Manufacturing - Product of Service Code for this requirement is 6640, Laboratory Equipment, and Supplies. The Small Business Administration (SBA) size standard for this sector is 1000. The Government requests that interested offerors complete all questions below, provide required documentation, descriptive literature and authorization letter as described below. The Government is in no way obligated to do business with or to enter into any form of contract with any person, firm or other entity that receives or responds to this announcement. The CAVHS requires all the following information and questions answered in this RFI/SS: Questions and information that is not provided shall be considered nonresponsive to the Request for Information and contractor shall not be considered as part of the market research. Contractors shall provide their point(s) of contact name, address, telephone number, and email address, and the company's business size, and SAM Unique Entity Identification Number. Is your company a small business, SDBs, HUBZone, or 8A concern? Please provide proof of qualifications. Does your company meet all required four prong factors for the Nonmanufacturer Rule (NMR) per guidance of SBA and 13 C.F.R. § 121.406? Offer must answer all questions below. Does your company exceed the 500-employee alternative size standard for nonmanufacturers? Is your company primarily engaged in the retail or wholesale trade and normally sells the type of products being supplied? Does your company must take ownership or possession of the item(s) with its personnel, equipment, or facilities in a manner consistent with industry practice? Does your company supply the end products of a small business manufacturer or processor made in the United States? Is your company considered small under the NAICS code 334516. Do you (offer) manufacture the product yourself or are you a distributor of the items being researched above? Are you an authorized distributor/reseller? Provide evidence from original equipment manufacturer (OEM). Do you (offer) supply a product manufactured by another small domestic business, if it is a nonmanufacturer? Do you (offer) supply the product of any sized manufacturer if SBA has granted a waiver to the nonmanufacturer rule? Is your (offer) Buy American Certificate completed in SAM? Please provide evidence with response. Is your (offer) Trade Agreement Certificate completed in SAM? Please provide evidence with response. Information for the name brand or equal product being requested, is it manufactured outside the US-Domestic non-available? Information for the name brand or equal product being requested, is it a foreign manufactured end product under the trade agreement? What is your schedule of delivery after receipt of order for the name brand or equal product? For the name brand or equal product required, Is your company available under any; Government Wide Agency Contract (GWAC) General Services Administration Schedules (GSA) Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ) Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA) If so, please list the contract number for name brand or equal product. Provide descriptive literature demonstrating ability to meet all of the requirement/salient characteristics listed if other than brand name product is being offered. Please provide list of contracts for commercial, federal, state, and local governments. Listed contracts shall provide communication on the government requirement illustrating the capability for comparison. to the name brand or equal product meeting the specific requirements per the draft Statement of Work. Contractors may provide an estimated industry pricing for name brand or equal product for market research and budgetary purpose. Sources Sought responses are due by 04/07/2026 at 8:00 AM (CST) via email to arlene.blade@va.gov. The subject line shall read: 36C25626Q0592 - Sources Sought Advanced Instruments Single-Sample Micro-Osmometer. Telephone requests or inquiries will not be accepted. Public Information will not be provided and shall be utilized to the full extent possible. This a New Requirement . NO SOLICITATION EXISTS AT THIS TIME. There is no page limitation on subparagraphs 6(a) - 6(c17). Please provide the information you deem relevant in order to respond to the specific inquiries of the Sources Sought. Information provided will be used solely by CAVHS as "market research" and will not be released outside of the CAVHS Purchasing and Contract Team. This Sources Sought notice does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP), Invitation for Bid (IFB), or Request for Quotation (RFQ), and it is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government to enter into a contract, nor will the Government pay for the information submitted in response to this request. All information contained in this Sources Sought is preliminary as well as subject to modification and is in no way binding on the Government. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the U.S. Government to form a binding contract. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized on Contracting Opportunities (https://beta.sam.gov/) website or GSA. It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this Sources Sought, or future RFP/RFQ. THIS NOTICE IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE QUOTES/PROPOSALS; however, any firm that believes it can meet the requirements may provide answers, responses and give written notification prior to the response due date and time. Supporting evidence and responses.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Arlene A. Blade
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: arlene.blade@va.gov
  - Phone: (318) 466-4281

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a3fbdbc551f84c8cae2a3522f0c2fc61/view)