---
layout: default
title: P683 AIRCRAFT ENGINE REPAIR FACILITY, NAVAL AIR STATION(NAS), JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: df7ded3e77834bbab63cd8e6571d99a8
---

# P683 AIRCRAFT ENGINE REPAIR FACILITY, NAVAL AIR STATION(NAS), JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-10 11:26:02.199-04
- Solicitation Number: N6945026R0005

## Summary

PRE-SOLICITATION SYNOPSIS NOTICE ONLY: THE SOLICITATION WILL BE AVAILABLE ON OR ABOUT APRIL 27, 2026 AT HTTPS://SAM.GOV/. THE SOLICITATION NUMBER IS N6945026R0005, FOR THE DESIGN-BID-BUILD (DBB) CONSTRUCTION PROJECT FOR P683 AIRCRAFT ENGINE REPAIR FACILITY LOCATED AT NAVAL AIR STATION (NAS) JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA PROJECT TITLE: DESIGN BID BUILD (DBB) CONSTRUCTION PROJECT, P683 AIRCRAFT ENGINE REPAIR FACILITY LOCATED AT NAVAL AIR STATION (NAS) JACKSONVILLE, FLORIDA PSC: Y1JZ (Construction Of Miscellaneous Buildings) NAICS: 236220 – Commercial and Institutional Building Construction THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS OR AN INVITATION FOR BID. NO CONTRACT WILL BE AWARDED FROM THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. NO REIMBURSEMENT WILL BE MADE FOR ANY COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH PROVIDING INFORMATION IN RESPONSE TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT OR ANY FOLLOW-UP INFORMATION REQUESTS. No telephone calls will be accepted requesting a bid package or solicitation. There is no bid package or solicitation currently available. In order to protect the procurement integrity of any future procurement that may arise from this announcement, information regarding the technical point of contact will not be given and no appointments for presentations will be made. Description: This acquisition may result in the award of a Design Bid Build (DBB) Firm Fixed Price (FFP) Construction contract for the reconstruction of an existing two-bay Engine Repair Facility and Parking Structure at NAS Jacksonville. The P683 project consists of a facility design for the Engine Repair Facility located at NAS, Jacksonville, Florida and will support the Fleet Readiness Center Southeast (FRCSE) operations. The facility is proposed as an approximately 300,000 gross-square-foot (GSF) one-story engine repair facility with associated 20,000 GSF two-story support/office and administration areas. It is a steel-framed structure with a combination of precast concrete walls and metal panel system, a modified bitumen roof, and shallow bearing foundation system. The engine repair facility will include operational areas, maintenance spaces, storage and support spaces, and administrative areas. It will also include a Loading Area Weather Protection zone along the southern side of the facility. Built-in equipment includes 29 double-girder bridge dual hoist cranes (eleven 4.5-ton and eighteen 2-ton), crane rails, vertical storage system, and passenger elevator. There are two existing administration buildings, 6F and 6G each, approximately 19,000 SF as well as a covered walkway that are scheduled to be demolished as part of this project. Occupants displaced from this demolition will be relocated to the administration extension on the engine repair facility. This project also includes construction of a 5-story Parking Garage for FRCSE. Parking Garage will be 308,229 square feet and will accommodate 839 parking spots, gravel parking for 150 parking spots, and paved parking for 288 parking spots. The following site features are included in this project: utility connections, paving, parking, walks, storm drainage, site improvements and low impact development measures. The existing site will be elevated above the 100-year flood plain and the proposed parking areas will be designed to ensure proper drainage to the retention areas and storm drainage infrastructures. The solicitation and contract will identify 1,017 calendar days (base and any options exercised) for contract completion from date of contract award. The best value continuum source selection process to be used for this acquisition is the Tradeoff process as described in FAR 15.103-1. The Tradeoff process is appropriate when it may be in the best interest of the Government to consider award to other than the lowest priced offeror or other than the highest technically rated offeror. A sources sought notice was posted to sam.gov on October 10, 2025, requesting small business industry interested and capability statement. Based on responses from the notice it was determined that the requirement should be issued as Full and Open competition. The NAVFAC Small Business Office Concurs with this determination. The solicitation will be a negotiated DBB acquisition. Proposals will be solicited in a one-phase submission for a single solicitation. The solicitation will utilize source selection procedures, which require offerors to submit a technical proposal, past performance and experience information, and a price proposal for evaluation by the Government. Award will be made to the offeror whose total price and technical proposal offers the best value to the Government. Competition Requirements: Unrestricted basis, under full and open competition. Procurement Method: FAR Part 15, Contracting by Negotiation. Type of Contract: Firm-Fixed Price The NAICS code for this construction solicitation is 236220 with a size standard of $45,000,000. Project Magnitude is between $250,000,000 and $500,000,000. This is a new procurement. It does not replace an existing contract. No prior contract information exists. A Site Visit will be held for those offerors who choose to participate (exact date and time will be specified in the solicitation). Proposals will be due no earlier than 30 days after the solicitation is released (exact date and time will be specified in the solicitation). This will be an electronic solicitation, which can be downloaded from Sam.gov Opportunities at https://sam.gov/. The solicitation will be available at this site no earlier than 15 days after this pre-solicitation notice is posted. Offerors are responsible for checking the Sam.gov website for the solicitation and any subsequent amendments that may be issued. NO CONTRACT AWARD WILL BE MADE TO ANY CONTRACTOR THAT IS NOT REGISTERED OR IN THE PROCESS OF REGISTERING WITH THE SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM). PLEASE VISIT THE SAM WEBSITE AT https://www.sam.gov FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO REGISTER.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Cynthia McMonigle
  - Email: cynthia.a.mcmonigle.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 9045426606
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Lindsay Betteridge
  - Email: lindsay.e.betteridge.civ@us.navy.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/df7ded3e77834bbab63cd8e6571d99a8/view)