---
layout: default
title: Z2DA--589A7-21-132 Construct Centralized Emergency Power System
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 771fc7095f524de596297c68a925412a
---

# Z2DA--589A7-21-132 Construct Centralized Emergency Power System

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-15 15:33:18.777-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0331
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought Notice to determine the availability of service disabled veteran owned small business (SDVOSB) firms for a possible small business category type set-aside for Construction Services project: This is a Sources Sought Notice that is issued for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitmentÂ by the government, implied or otherwise to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract.Â An award will not be made on information received in response to this notice.Â This notice is not a Request for Proposal (RFP); it is a market research tool being utilized to determine the availability of sources prior to issuing a Best Value type RFP. Title: 589A7-21-132 Construct Centralized Emergency Power System Contract Opportunity Number: 36C25526Q0331 Contracting Office: Network Contracting Office 15 Contracting Office Location: 3450 S 4th Street Traffic way, Leavenworth, Kansas Type of Notice: Sources Sought- Market Research Posted Date: 4/15/2026 Response Date: 04/22/2026 at 2:00 PM Central Time Set Aside: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Classification Code: Z1DA-Repair or Alteration of Other Hospital Buildings NAICS Code: 541310 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction Point of Contact: Jennifer Hill Jennifer.Hill@va.gov Request for information (RFI) 36C25526Q0331, Title of Project: Construct Centralized Emergency Power System, Project #589A7-21-132. This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. It is for information and planning purposes only and shall not be construed as a solicitation announcement nor a request for proposals or quotes and does not obligate theÂ Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) to award a contract. Responses will not be considered as proposals nor will any award be made to any parties responding to the sources sought announcement. The purpose of this Sources Sought Announcement is to conduct market research to locate interested, experienced and potential qualified constructions firms capable of completing this project. Firm must identify their socio-economic status for NAICS Code 236220, Commercial and Institutional Building Construction. The appropriate North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 236220 with the applicable business size of $45.0 million. GENERAL SCOPE OF WORK: This project will construct a new, centralized emergency power system to enhance the emergency power capabilities of the Robert J. Dole VA Medical Center. This upgrade will support the current facility and future campus expansion of up to 150,000 additional square feet. The project will replace multiple distributed generators with a single, state-of-the-art, medium voltage power generation and distribution facility designed for resilience, security, and operational efficiency. All work must be performed in full compliance with the complete set of bidding documents, including contract drawings, specifications, and design narratives that accompany this solicitation. The general contractor will be responsible for providing all labor, supervision, materials, tools, and equipment necessary to complete the tasks outlined herein. The work includes, but is not limited to, the following: Electrical Centralized Generation:Â Install three new paralleled 3MW, 12.47kV diesel generators and associated paralleling switchgear to provide reliable N+1 emergency backup power for the campus and future expansions. Distribution Networks:Â Construct new underground, concrete-encased duct banks for both normal and emergency medium voltage power loops, including new pad-mounted stepdown transformers at each building. Campus Integration:Â Decommission and remove existing localized life safety generators and fuel tanks, integrating all facilities into the new centralized emergency power system. System Controls and Testing:Â Provide and connect load bank for generator testing, integrate start signals at all automatic transfer switches, and ensure system delivers emergency power within code-mandated timeframes. Low Voltage & Controls:Â Install new dedicated low voltage (including fiber optic as necessary) communication duct banks for system controls and tie all security and monitoring equipment back to campus head-end systems. Mechanical Building HVAC:Â Furnish and install dedicated HVAC systems for temperature regulation of generators, electrical switchgear, and support spaces, including steam heating and DX cooling per VA design standards. Ventilation:Â Provide appropriately sized air intake/exhaust systems with impact-rated louvers, attenuators, and fans to maintain safe and efficient generator operation. Fuel Oil Storage & Handling:Â Supply and install two 40,000-gallon double-wall fiberglass underground storage tanks with leak detection, day tank, pump system, and all associated secondary containment piping and trenching to support continuous operation. Civil & Site New Generator Building:Â Construct a new, blast-rated enclosure (approx. 5,100 GSF) including all utilities, foundations, and architectural finishes per historic and campus standards. Site Utilities:Â Extend and reroute campus site utilities (including natural gas, domestic water, and steam) as necessary to support the new generator facility. Site Security & Access:Â Implement new site security fencing, blast protection walls, security gates with dual-authentication entry, and reconfigure drive aisles and parking as required by the VA Physical Security Master Plan. Site Restoration & Stormwater:Â Re-grade disturbed areas and address all required stormwater management in accordance with local and VA standards, returning the site to full operational capacity at project completion. Multidisciplinary Coordination Architectural and Structural:Â The scope also requires all architectural and structural work needed to support the electrical and mechanical systems, including building finishes, protective construction, and integration of security features. Communications/Security Systems:Â Deploy all systems in conformance with VA requirements and fully coordinate with campus-wide communications, fire alarm, and access control devices. General Requirements Standards & Compliance:Â All work must conform to the latest VA, federal, state, and local codes and standards, including but not limited to NFPA, and the VA Physical Security and Resiliency Design Manual (PSRDM). Document Adherence:Â The full scope of work is further defined in the bid set drawings, design narratives, and specifications released with this solicitation. All construction, materials, testing, and commissioning must comply with these documents. In the event of a conflict between this summary and the bid documents, the latter shall take precedence. Coordination & Phasing:Â Construction sequencing must ensure no loss of critical campus emergency power at any stage. Temporary systems and phased changeovers are required as outlined in the bid documents. Contractor will provide turnkey construction of the Centralized Emergency Power System as detailed above and in the accompanying bid documents, fully tested and commissioned for VA acceptance. END OF SCOPE OF WORK. The Government is not obligated, nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this sources sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the VA to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued.Â If interested in this opportunity, please provide Capability Statement via email. The Capability Statement is designed to inform the Department of Veteran Affairs, of any prospective construction contractors' project execution capabilities. The submission is limited to 10 pages which shall include the following information: 1) Offeror's name, address, point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, and DUNS number; 2) Offeror's interest in bidding on the solicitation when it is issued; 3) Offeror's capability to perform a contract of this magnitude and complexity and comparable work performed within the past 5 years - brief description of the project, customer name, timeliness of performance, customer satisfaction, and dollar value of the project) - provide at least 1 no more than 3 examples; 4) Offeror's CVE certification if a Veteran owned business; 5) Please provide Socio-economic status for NAICS code 236220, General Construction and provide percentage of self-performed labor your company can perform for this type of project; 6) Offeror's Joint Venture information if applicable - existing and potential; 7) Offeror's Bonding Capability in the form of a letter from Surety providing bonding level per contract and aggregate. Notice to Potential Offerors: All Offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM located on the web at www.sam.gov). It is desirable that any Offeror have completed their business Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA). Additionally, all Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Businesses or Veteran Owned Businesses who respond to a solicitation on this project must be registered with the Small Business Association located at https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ Submittal Information: Responses shall indicate the RFI # 36C25526Q0331, Project # 589A7-21-132, Title: Construct Centralized Emergency Power System. Please be advised that all submissions become Government property and will not be returned. All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail to: Jennifer.Hill@va.gov. All information submissions should be received no later than 2:00 pm CDT on Wednesday, April 22, 2026. END OF RFI.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Hill
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Jennifer.Hill@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-758-9925

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/771fc7095f524de596297c68a925412a/view)