---
layout: default
title: CV-22 Joint Tactical Terminal - Next Generation
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 1506606986cc4dff8a7a5fe69f6c0b78
---

# CV-22 Joint Tactical Terminal - Next Generation

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-23 11:16:47.674-04
- Solicitation Number: N00019-26-RFPREQ-APM275-0086

## Summary

1.0 Introduction The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR), on behalf of the V-22 Joint Program Office under the Program Executive Office Air Anti-Submarine Warfare, Assault & Special Mission Programs (PEO(A)), is issuing this Sources Sought notice to conduct market research. The Government is seeking to identify parties with the capability to design, fabricate, and deliver prototype and Validation/Verification (Val/Ver) A-kits for the Joint Tactical Terminal - Next Generation (JTT-NG) system, and to integrate these kits with Government Furnished Equipment (GFE) B-kits for installation and testing on the CV-22 Osprey aircraft platform. This effort includes the non-recurring engineering (NRE) necessary to support these tasks.

2.0 Disclaimer THIS ANNOUNCEMENT CONSTITUTES A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE. THIS SOURCES SOUGHT IS ISSUED AS MARKET RESEARCH SOLELY FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES – IT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL (RFP) OR A PROMISE TO ISSUE AN RFP IN THE FUTURE. RESPONSES IN ANY FORM ARE NOT OFFERS. THIS SOURCES SOUGHT DOES NOT COMMIT THE GOVERNMENT TO AWARD A CONTRACT AS A RESULT OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. THESE REQUIREMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AND THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BELOW IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. THE FINAL REQUIREMENT WILL BE DEFINED UNDER A FORMAL RFP. FURTHER, THE NAVY IS NOT AT THIS TIME SEEKING PROPOSALS AND WILL NOT ACCEPT UNSOLICITED PROPOSALS. RESPONDENTS ARE ADVISED THAT THE GOVERNMENT WILL NOT PAY FOR ANY INFORMATION OR ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS INCURRED IN RESPONSE TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE. NO FUNDS ARE AVAILABLE TO PAY FOR PREPARATION OF RESPONSES TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. ALL COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH RESPONDING TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT WILL BE SOLELY AT THE EXPENSE OF THE INTERESTED PARTY. ANY INFORMATION SUBMITTED BY RESPONDENTS TO THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS STRICTLY VOLUNTARY. NOT RESPONDING TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT DOES NOT PRECLUDE PARTICIPATION IN ANY FUTURE RFP, IF ISSUED. IF A SOLICITATION IS RELEASED, IT WILL BE SYNOPSIZED ON SAM.GOV. IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE POTENTIAL OFFERORS TO MONITOR THIS WEBSITE FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PERTAINING TO THIS REQUIREMENT.

3.0 Background The JTT-NG is a multi-service, multi-platform Integrated Broadcast Service (IBS) terminal. Attachment (1) JTT-NG Interface Control Document (ICD), provides further details on the system requirements. The objective of this effort is the design, fabrication, and delivery of the necessary A-kits, and the subsequent integration of the complete JTT-NG system (A-kit and GFE B-kit) onto the CV-22 aircraft. This will enhance mission capabilities by providing access to a broader range of tactical intelligence and Indication and Warning data. This integration is necessitated by the impending obsolescence of the legacy Integrated Broadcast System currently installed on the aircraft. The JTT-NG system has been identified as the successor system to meet both current and future operational mandates that the legacy IBR system cannot satisfy. The primary deliverables for this effort will be prototype A-kits for flight test and Validation/Verification. The Contractor shall integrate a Government-provided B-kit system with the contractor-designed and fabricated A-kits. The integration of the system entails providing intelligence information to the aircrew on a “glass” cockpit. To produce these kits and their required supporting data, the Contractor shall perform all associated NRE. As part of this NRE, the Contractor shall develop and deliver the final Interface Control Documents, software documents, hardware design documents, and an Installation Drawing Package. The Contractor shall conduct all Systems Engineering Technical Reviews, consisting of Systems Requirements Review, Preliminary Design Review, Critical Design Review, and a Functional Configuration Audit. The Contractor shall also deliver a draft Engineering Change Proposal with Form 1692 and provide inputs for the Time Compliance Technical Order. The Contractor shall provide a complete Technical Data Package to support the Request For Interim Flight Clearance and future procurement of production kits, in addition to a training data package and a support and sustainment data package. The Government will provide the B-Kit, consisting of the Base Transceiver Unit (BXU), Exciter Power Amplifier (EPA), and BXU Mounting Tray. The Contractor shall be responsible for the installation of the complete JTT-NG system (A-kits and B-kits) for the prototype and Val/Ver units. Following installation, the Contractor shall perform a successful functional test of the installed systems and shall provide engineering labor to support on-aircraft government testing. The Contractor will be required to manage CLASSIFIED/SECRET/COMSEC CONTROL ITEMs due to the classification of the JTT-NG hardware and shall sign a DD254 with the Government to satisfy security requirements. The effort must abide by the V-22 Systems Engineering Plan, Configuration Management Plan, etc.

4.0 Eligibility The applicable North American Industry Classification System code is 336413 with a Small Business Size standard of 1,250 employees. The Product Service Code is 1680. Businesses of all sizes are encouraged to respond; however, each respondent must clearly identify their business size (see paragraph 5.0). Eligibility for this sources sought is limited to entities that possess, or can obtain, the necessary data rights for the Joint Services Vertical Lift Aircraft Experimental Avionics System Software (JASS) utilized on the CV-22 platform. The Government recognizes the dual nature of the JASS software landscape, which encompasses both the original equipment manufacturer's baseline and a distinct version integrated with the Silent Knight Radar. Accordingly, respondents to this notice must provide substantiation of their ability to access and utilize the relevant JASS software in a manner that is fully consonant with all governing data rights agreements and intellectual property laws, thereby ensuring a competitive and compliant procurement. Interested parties must already have access to the CV-22 aircraft configuration model so that the JTT-NG and the related Hardware install locations can be determined and the necessary analysis can be conducted.

5.0 Requested Information Interested parties must submit their response with any supporting documentation to include the following: An UNCLASSIFIED or Controlled Unclassified Information (CUI) description of the respondent’s general capabilities to support this effort including licensing agreements with Boeing or Raytheon (System Integration Lab) to allow access to technical data. CAGE code, Unique Entity Identifier, and mailing address. Business size. Indicate whether Contractor is a Large Business or qualify as a Small, Small Disadvantaged, Women-Owned, 8(a), Hub Zone or Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Concern. If a small business, the company’s ability to perform 50% of the work, in accordance with either FAR 52.219-14 or 52.219-27, as applicable. Point of Contact to receive/provide additional information or clarification, including email address and phone number. A full capability summary, which contains a detailed proposed approach to meet the Government’s complete requirements either directly or through teaming arrangements. Information on current products and services, relevant history, and capability of supporting in full the functions and services identified herein. Legal authority (data rights) to provide the Government access to appropriate technical manuals and a description of how the offeror will compliantly handle the JASS data rights. Describe Contractor's ability to manage and secure classified information. Describe Contractor’s ability to meet Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification (CMMC) Level 2 CMMC Third Party Asssessor Organization (C3PAO). Please note that respondents to this announcement may be requested to provide additional information based on their initial submittals in order for the Government to make a fully informed capability assessment.

6.0 Responses Interested parties must submit a Letter of Interest via email to Karamie Platt in order to receive Attachment (1) JTT-NG ICD. The Letter of Interest shall include Company’s name, address, Cage Code, Unique Entity Identifier, and Point of Contact information. The information provided in Attachment (1) JTT-NG ICD shall be protected and stored as stated in the document. Full Response Submissions. Responding parties must submit UNCLASSIFIED or CUI full response submissions via electronic means to the following point of contact no later than 4:00 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time April 7, 2026. Karamie Platt - karamie.l.platt.civ@us.navy.mil Provide full responses with electronic media that is Microsoft Office 2010 compatible. It is requested that the response have a page limit of 10 pages and must be in English. Classified information or material SHALL NOT be submitted. International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). If the respondent is a foreign concern or if a US respondent has a team member or partner who is a foreign entity, adherence to all ITAR regulations is required.

7.0 Questions Questions regarding this Sources Sought can be directed to Karamie Platt at karamie.l.platt.civ@us.navy.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Karamie L. Platt
  - Email: karamie.l.platt.civ@us.navy.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Candice Anderson
  - Email: candice.l.anderson6.civ@us.navy.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: JTT-NG Interface Control Document (ICD), provides further details on the system requirements. The objective of this effort is the design, fabrication, and delivery of the necessary A-kits, and the subsequent integration of the complete JTT-NG system (A-kit and GFE B-kit) onto the CV-22 aircraft. This will enhance mission capabilities by providing access to a broader range of tactical intelligence and Indication and Warning data. This integration is necessitated by the impending obsolescence of the legacy Integrated Broadcast System currently installed on the aircraft. The JTT-NG system has been identified as the successor system to meet both current and future operational mandates that the legacy IBR system cannot satisfy. The primary deliverables for this effort will be prototype A-kits for flight test and Validation/Verification. The Contractor shall integrate a Government-provided B-kit system with the contractor-designed and fabricated A-kits. The integration of the system entails providing intelligence information to the aircrew on a “glass” cockpit. To produce these kits and their required supporting data, the Contractor shall perform all associated NRE. As part of this NRE, the Contractor shall develop and deliver the final Interface Control Documents, software documents, hardware design documents, and an Installation Drawing Package. The Contractor shall conduct all Systems Engineering Technical Reviews, consisting of Systems Requirements Review, Preliminary Design Review, Critical Design Review, and a Functional Configuration Audit. The Contractor shall also deliver a draft Engineering Change Proposal with Form 1692 and provide inputs for the Time Compliance Technical Order. The Contractor shall provide a complete Technical Data Package to support the Request For Interim Flight Clearance and future procurement of production kits, in addition to a training data package and a support and sustainment data package. The Government will provide the B-Kit, consisting of the Base Transceiver Unit (BXU), Exciter Power Amplifier (EPA), and BXU Mounting Tray. The Contractor shall be responsible for the installation of the complete JTT-NG system (A-kits and B-kits) for the prototype and Val/Ver units. Following installation, the Contractor shall perform a successful functional test of the installed systems and shall provide engineering labor to support on-aircraft government testing. The Contractor will be required to manage CLASSIFIED/SECRET/COMSEC CONTROL ITEMs due to the classification of the JTT-NG hardware and shall sign a DD254 with the Government to satisfy security requirements. The effort must abide by the V-22 Systems Engineering Plan, Configuration Management Plan, etc
- Attachment 2: JTT-NG ICD. The Letter of Interest shall include Company’s name, address, Cage Code, Unique Entity Identifier, and Point of Contact information. The information provided in Attachment (1) JTT-NG ICD shall be protected and stored as stated in the document. Full Response Submissions. Responding parties must submit UNCLASSIFIED or CUI full response submissions via electronic means to the following point of contact no later than 4:00 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time April 7, 2026. Karamie Platt - karamie.l.platt.civ@us.navy.mil Provide full responses with electronic media that is Microsoft Office 2010 compatible. It is requested that the response have a page limit of 10 pages and must be in English. Classified information or material SHALL NOT be submitted. International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). If the respondent is a foreign concern or if a US respondent has a team member or partner who is a foreign entity, adherence to all ITAR regulations is required

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1506606986cc4dff8a7a5fe69f6c0b78/view)