---
layout: default
title: NAF Laundry Services for the Westwind Inn & Fisher House Lodging (Travis AFB, CA)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: dcefaa63b6a04515b950ea3941e3b8dc
---

# NAF Laundry Services for the Westwind Inn & Fisher House Lodging (Travis AFB, CA)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-11 15:39:18.115-04
- Solicitation Number: FA442726R0006

## Summary

3/11/26 - AMENDMENT 1: The purpose of this amendment is to re-upload Attachment 3. Past Present Performance Questionaire. Additionally the previous contract information is being provided below: Contract: FA442721C0016 Contractor: Sacramento Laundry Company Inc. Award Amount: $6,462,500.00 Period of Performance: 1 Jun 2021 - 31 May 2026 All other conditions and terms of the solicitation remains unchanged. ---- break ---- The Westwind Inn & Fisher House lodging at Travis AFB, CA has a requirement for Laundy Services. The attached Performance Work Statement (PWS) contains a comprehensive description of the requirement. The period of performance is as follows: Base Year: 01 Jun 26 - 31 May 27 Option Year 1: 01 Jun 27 - 31 May 28 Option Year 2: 01 Jun 28 - 31 May 29 Option Year 3: 01 Jun 29 - 31 May 30 Option Year 4: 01 Jun 30 - 31 May 31 In addition, the attached Solicitation FA442726R0006 document constitutes as the only solicitation, supplemented with the information included in this notice. Instruction to offerors are also provided within this document. "This is a nonappropriated fund purchase and it does not obligate appropriated funds of the United States Government. Nonappropriated funds are generated by the military community through the sale of goods and services and the collection of fees and charges for participation in military community programs. This purchase does not involve federal tax dollars."

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Clark Teninty
  - Email: clark.teninty.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7074247737
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Mr. Vitaliy Kim
  - Email: vitaliy.kim.1@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7074247740

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . Past Present Performance Questionaire. Additionally the previous contract information is being provided below: Contract: FA442721C0016 Contractor: Sacramento Laundry Company Inc. Award Amount: $6,462,500.00 Period of Performance: 1 Jun 2021 - 31 May 2026 All other conditions and terms of the solicitation remains unchanged. ---- break ---- The Westwind Inn & Fisher House lodging at Travis AFB, CA has a requirement for Laundy Services. The attached Performance Work Statement (PWS) contains a comprehensive description of the requirement. The period of performance is as follows: Base Year: 01 Jun 26 - 31 May 27 Option Year 1: 01 Jun 27 - 31 May 28 Option Year 2: 01 Jun 28 - 31 May 29 Option Year 3: 01 Jun 29 - 31 May 30 Option Year 4: 01 Jun 30 - 31 May 31 In addition, the attached Solicitation FA442726R0006 document constitutes as the only solicitation, supplemented with the information included in this notice. Instruction to offerors are also provided within this document. "This is a nonappropriated fund purchase and it does not obligate appropriated funds of the United States Government. Nonappropriated funds are generated by the military community through the sale of goods and services and the collection of fees and charges for participation in military community programs. This purchase does not involve federal tax dollars."

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dcefaa63b6a04515b950ea3941e3b8dc/view)