---
layout: default
title: PBA Industrial Equipment Maintenance FY26
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 16b9cec60856426d80b9c5ea9a555f1d
---

# PBA Industrial Equipment Maintenance FY26

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 10:40:20.436-04
- Solicitation Number: W519TC26QA124

## Summary

1. The U.S. Army Contracting Command- Rock Island Arsenal (ACC-RI) hereby issues this request for quote (RFQ) for Industrial Equipment Maintenance, in support of Pine Bluff Arsenal (PBA). In accordance with (IAW), B08. Attachment 0001-Performance Work Statement 9-17- 2025. This award will be Time and Material (T&M) and Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract for the purchase of scheduled and unscheduled Industrial Equipment Maintenance to be performed at PBA in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. 2. Solicitation W519TC-26-Q-A124 is hereby issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ) for Industrial Equipment Maintenance services at PBA. The contemplated contract will have one base year and two one-year option periods. 3.Period of Performance follows: Base Year - Award Date - 365 Days After Award (DAA) Option Year 1 - 366 DAA - 731 DAA Option Year 2 - 732 DAA - 1,097 DAA 4. The corresponding NAICS code is 811310; the small business size standard is $12,500,000.00; and the Service Code is J049. This procurement is a 100% small business set aside in accordance with FAR part 19.5, set-Aside for Small Business. Quoters shall provide a completed Price Matrix (Attachment 0002). The following instructions are for the completion of the Price Matrix. a). The Quoter shall fill in all information highlighted in yellow. b). The Quoter shall enter its full name and Cage Code in the spaces provided. c). Quoters shall not make any changes or add any other information to the Price Matrix. d). If a Quoter fails to quote prices for all quantity ranges and years the Government may reject that quote as unacceptable. e). The vendor shall provide a capability statement that demonstrates, in writing, their experience relative to this requirement. The following shall be provided as evidence: REFERENCES: The Quoter shall provide contact information (including at least Company Name, Contact Name, Contact Telephone Number, E-mail address and a description of the services performed) for minimum of (2) projects of similar scope and scale. 5. The services being solicited via this RFQ are summarized below and correspond to each Contract Line Item (CLIN) as listed: CLIN 0001 Preventative Maintenance and Repair Services Base Year CLIN 0002 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #1 Base Year CLIN 0003 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #2 Base Year CLIN 0004 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #3 Base Year CLIN 0005 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #4 Base Year CLIN 0006 Parts Time and Material Base Year CLIN 0007 Contractor Manpower Reporting (Not Separately Priced) Base Year CLIN 0008 Contract Data Requirements List (Not Separately Priced) Base Year CLIN 1001 Preventative Maintenance and Repair Services Option Year 1 CLIN 1002 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #1 Option Year 1 CLIN 1003 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #2 Option Year 1 CLIN 1004 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #3 Option Year 1 CLIN 1005 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #4 Option Year 1 CLIN 1006 Parts Time and Material Option Year 1 CLIN 1007 Contractor Manpower Reporting (Not Separately Priced) Option Year 1 CLIN 1008 Contract Data Requirements List (Not Separately Priced) Option Year 1 CLIN 2001 Preventative Maintenance and Repair Services Option Year 2 CLIN 2002 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #1 Option Year 2 CLIN 2003 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #2 Option Year 2 CLIN 2004 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #3 Option Year 2 CLIN 2005 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #4 Option Year 2 CLIN 2006 Parts Time and Material Option Year 2 CLIN 2007 Contractor Manpower Reporting (Not Separately Priced) Option Year 2 CLIN 2008 Contract Data Requirements List (Not Separately Priced) Option Year 2 6. This requirement is all or none, meaning if your firm is awarded this requirement your firm must have the ability to fulfill this RFQ in full. Partial quote shall not be accepted. 7. The Contractor shall perform work in accordance with the Performance Work Statement (PWS), dated 09-17-2025 , Attachment 0001. 8. Contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for an award with the U.S. Government. The link follows: www.sam.gov. Failure to comply with SAM registration may deem a quote ineligible for an award. 9. The U.S. Government intends to award a firm fixed price and time and material contract to the responsive and responsible contractor with the lowest price to the Government. 10. Department of Labor Wage Determinations (MAY 1993) ONLY THOSE ITEMS MARKED WITH AN 'X' APPLY: [X] (a) The following United States Department of Labor Wage Rates Decision Number is applicable to this procurement: Wage Determination No. 2015-5121, Revision 28, dated 12-03- 2025 or latest version. [ ] (b) Wage Determinations of the Secretary of Labor is attached. [X] (c) Wage Determinations are not attached. [ ] are not applicable to this solicitation. [ ] are pending decision by Department of Labor and may be added by amendment. [X] are accessible at: https://sam.gov/ 11. Invoicing instructions for this solicitation, the payment will be made by DFAS, via Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). 12. Please disregard the Period of Performance mentioned below each CLIN. Due to a contract writing system error, the dates listed on page 17 are incorrect and will be corrected once a contract is issued. For Period of Performance information, please refer to the Performance Work Statement (PWS) attachment. 13. Please submit all questions on or before April 28th, 2026. Questions will not be accepted after this date. 14. The Signature on this document should be the signature of: (a) A Corporate Officer (President, Vice-President, Treasurer, Secretary); or (b) An individual authorized in writing by a Corporate Officer to bind the company to a legal document. 15. Attachments are as follows: a. B08. Attachment 0001 - Performance Work Statement 9-17-2025 b. B08. Attachment 0002 - Pricing Matrix c. B08. Attachment 0003 - Preventive Maintenance List by Item d. B08. Attachment 0004 - Preventive Maintenance List by Date e. B08. Attachment 0005 - CDRL 001 - Maintenance and Repair Records f. B08. Attachment 0006 - CDRL 002 - Required Certifications g. B08. Attachment 0007 - CDRL 003 - Accident Report h. B08. Attachment 0008 - CDRL 004 - QCP 16. Quotes are due May 12, 2026 at 1300 CT 17. The points of contact for this action is Contract Specialist, Jadwiga Baranowski, jadwiga.b. baranowski.civ@army.mil and Contracting Officer, Michelle Pleasant, michelle.m.pleasant. civ@army.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jadwiga Baranowski
  - Email: jadwiga.b.baranowski.civ@army.mil
  - Phone: 5207179620
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Michelle Pleasant
  - Email: michelle.m.pleasant.civ@army.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: -Performance Work Statement 9-17- 2025. This award will be Time and Material (T&M) and Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract for the purchase of scheduled and unscheduled Industrial Equipment Maintenance to be performed at PBA in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. 2. Solicitation W519TC-26-Q-A124 is hereby issued as a Request for Quote (RFQ) for Industrial Equipment Maintenance services at PBA. The contemplated contract will have one base year and two one-year option periods. 3.Period of Performance follows: Base Year - Award Date - 365 Days After Award (DAA) Option Year 1 - 366 DAA - 731 DAA Option Year 2 - 732 DAA - 1,097 DAA 4. The corresponding NAICS code is 811310; the small business size standard is $12,500,000.00; and the Service Code is J049. This procurement is a 100% small business set aside in accordance with FAR part 19.5, set-Aside for Small Business. Quoters shall provide a completed Price Matrix (Attachment 0002). The following instructions are for the completion of the Price Matrix. a). The Quoter shall fill in all information highlighted in yellow. b). The Quoter shall enter its full name and Cage Code in the spaces provided. c). Quoters shall not make any changes or add any other information to the Price Matrix. d). If a Quoter fails to quote prices for all quantity ranges and years the Government may reject that quote as unacceptable. e). The vendor shall provide a capability statement that demonstrates, in writing, their experience relative to this requirement. The following shall be provided as evidence: REFERENCES: The Quoter shall provide contact information (including at least Company Name, Contact Name, Contact Telephone Number, E-mail address and a description of the services performed) for minimum of (2) projects of similar scope and scale. 5. The services being solicited via this RFQ are summarized below and correspond to each Contract Line Item (CLIN) as listed: CLIN 0001 Preventative Maintenance and Repair Services Base Year CLIN 0002 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #1 Base Year CLIN 0003 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #2 Base Year CLIN 0004 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #3 Base Year CLIN 0005 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #4 Base Year CLIN 0006 Parts Time and Material Base Year CLIN 0007 Contractor Manpower Reporting (Not Separately Priced) Base Year CLIN 0008 Contract Data Requirements List (Not Separately Priced) Base Year CLIN 1001 Preventative Maintenance and Repair Services Option Year 1 CLIN 1002 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #1 Option Year 1 CLIN 1003 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #2 Option Year 1 CLIN 1004 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #3 Option Year 1 CLIN 1005 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #4 Option Year 1 CLIN 1006 Parts Time and Material Option Year 1 CLIN 1007 Contractor Manpower Reporting (Not Separately Priced) Option Year 1 CLIN 1008 Contract Data Requirements List (Not Separately Priced) Option Year 1 CLIN 2001 Preventative Maintenance and Repair Services Option Year 2 CLIN 2002 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #1 Option Year 2 CLIN 2003 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #2 Option Year 2 CLIN 2004 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #3 Option Year 2 CLIN 2005 Emergency Call-Out Services Scenario #4 Option Year 2 CLIN 2006 Parts Time and Material Option Year 2 CLIN 2007 Contractor Manpower Reporting (Not Separately Priced) Option Year 2 CLIN 2008 Contract Data Requirements List (Not Separately Priced) Option Year 2 6. This requirement is all or none, meaning if your firm is awarded this requirement your firm must have the ability to fulfill this RFQ in full. Partial quote shall not be accepted. 7. The Contractor shall perform work in accordance with the Performance Work Statement (PWS), dated 09-17-2025 , Attachment 0001. 8. Contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) to be eligible for an award with the U.S. Government. The link follows: www.sam.gov. Failure to comply with SAM registration may deem a quote ineligible for an award. 9. The U.S. Government intends to award a firm fixed price and time and material contract to the responsive and responsible contractor with the lowest price to the Government. 10. Department of Labor Wage Determinations (MAY 1993) ONLY THOSE ITEMS MARKED WITH AN "X" APPLY: [X] (a) The following United States Department of Labor Wage Rates Decision Number is applicable to this procurement: Wage Determination No. 2015-5121, Revision 28, dated 12-03- 2025 or latest version. [ ] (b) Wage Determinations of the Secretary of Labor is attached. [X] (c) Wage Determinations are not attached. [ ] are not applicable to this solicitation. [ ] are pending decision by Department of Labor and may be added by amendment. [X] are accessible at: https://sam.gov/ 11. Invoicing instructions for this solicitation, the payment will be made by DFAS, via Wide Area Workflow (WAWF). 12. Please disregard the Period of Performance mentioned below each CLIN. Due to a contract writing system error, the dates listed on page 17 are incorrect and will be corrected once a contract is issued. For Period of Performance information, please refer to the Performance Work Statement (PWS) attachment. 13. Please submit all questions on or before April 28th, 2026. Questions will not be accepted after this date. 14. The Signature on this document should be the signature of: (a) A Corporate Officer (President, Vice-President, Treasurer, Secretary); or (b) An individual authorized in writing by a Corporate Officer to bind the company to a legal document. 15. Attachments are as follows: a. B08. Attachment 0001 - Performance Work Statement 9-17-2025 b. B08. Attachment 0002 - Pricing Matrix c. B08. Attachment 0003 - Preventive Maintenance List by Item d. B08. Attachment 0004 - Preventive Maintenance List by Date e. B08. Attachment 0005 - CDRL 001 - Maintenance and Repair Records f. B08. Attachment 0006 - CDRL 002 - Required Certifications g. B08. Attachment 0007 - CDRL 003 - Accident Report h. B08. Attachment 0008 - CDRL 004 - QCP 16. Quotes are due May 12, 2026 at 1300 CT 17. The points of contact for this action is Contract Specialist, Jadwiga Baranowski, jadwiga.b. baranowski.civ@army.mil and Contracting Officer, Michelle Pleasant, michelle.m.pleasant. civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/16b9cec60856426d80b9c5ea9a555f1d/view)