---
layout: default
title: PROPELLER MARINE
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0a7fc5784b854c25917713b8d39f1b82
---

# PROPELLER MARINE

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-10 14:22:38.23-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z04026Q50484B00

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items, prepared in accordance with the format in subpart 12.6 of the FAR Part 12 - Acquisition of Commercial Products and Commercial Services | Acquisition.GOV and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 70Z04026Q50484B00 applies and is used as a Request for Quote (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06, effective, 01 OCTOBER 2025. It is anticipated that a Best Value purchase order shall be awarded as a result of this synopsis/solicitation. All responsible sources may submit a quotation, which if timely received, shall be considered by this agency. Best Value will be evaluated by who can provide the complete requirement, who meets our required time frame and by price. All vendors providing a quotation must either have an active SAM.Gov registration or provide proof they have submitted their entity for registration. Payments are NET 30 and will be made in accordance with the FAR 52.232-25 Prompt payment clause 52.232-25 Prompt Payment. | Acquisition.GOV. The U.S. Coast Guard, Surface Forces Logistics Center (SFLC) intends to award a Firm Fixed Price Purchase Order. The United States Coast Guard Surface Forces Logistics Center has a requirement for the following items: Vendor Information: Vendor shall provide: ITEM 1): PROPELLER MARINE NSN: 2010 01-661-0675 PROPELLER SET, FH6; P/N 401VP3885842. END ITEM IDENTIFICATION OUTDRIVE VOLVO PENTA DPS-B

1.95 INDIVIDUAL PACKAGE IN ACCORDANCE WITH MIL-STD-2073-1E METHOD 10, CUSHIONING MATERIALS, DUNNAGE, BLOCKING AND BRACING SHALL BE APPLIED AS REQUIRED TO PROTECT THE ITEMS AND THE ENCLOSED MEDIA AND RESTRICT THE MOVEMENT OF THE ITEM WITHIN THE CONTAINER. **COMMERCIAL PACKAGING ACCEPTABLE WHICH PROTECTS THE ITEM THROUGH MULTIPLE SHIPMENTS AND STORAGE** MULTIPACK IS ACCEPTABLE, WHERE APPLICABLE. ITEMS INDIVIDUALLY PACKAGED, SHIPPED IN SAME CONTAINER. MARKINGS: IAW MIL-STD-129R AND BAR CODED IAWISO/IEC-16388-2007, CODE 39 SYMBOLOGY. MFG NAME: VOLVO PENTA OF THE AMERICAS, INC P/N: 3885842 QUANTITY: 10 EA UNIT PRICE: TOTAL AMOUNT: REQUIRED DELIVERY DATE ON OR BEFORE: ON OR BEFORE. 06/03/2026 PROMISED DELIVERY DATE: _________________ ITEM 2): PROPELLER MARINE NSN: 2010 01-695-4828 PROPELLER, MARINE VOLVO P/N 401VP3885851. INDIVIDUAL PACKAGE IN ACCORDANCE WITH MIL-STD- 2073-1E METHOD 10, CUSHIONING MATERIALS, DUNNAGE, BLOCKING AND BRACING SHALL BE APPLIED AS REQUIRED TO PROTECT THE ITEMS AND THE ENCLOSED MEDIA AND RESTRICT THE MOVEMENT OF THE ITEM WITHIN THE CONTAINER. **COMMERCIAL PACKAGING ACCEPTABLE WHICH PROTECTS THE ITEM THROUGH MULTIPLE SHIPMENTS AND STORAGE** MULTIPACK IS ACCEPTABLE, WHERE APPLICABLE. ITEMS INDIVIDUALLY PACKAGED, SHIPPED IN SAME CONTAINER. MARKINGS: IAW MIL-STD-129R AND BAR CODED IAWISO/IEC-16388-2007, CODE 39 SYMBOLOGY. MFG NAME: VOLVO PENTA OF THE AMERICAS, INC. P/N: 3885851 QUANTITY: 10 EA UNIT PRICE: TOTAL AMOUNT: REQUIRED DELIVERY DATE ON OR BEFORE: ON OR BEFORE. 06/03/2026 PROMISED DELIVERY DATE: _________________ ITEM 3: BELLOWS, PROTECTION NSN: 9390 01-695-4921 BELLOWS PROTECTION VOLVO PENTA OUTDRIVE, DPS-D1, 1.78:1 RATIO CBL 22 INDIVIDUALLY PACKAGED IN ACCORDANCE WITH MILSTD- 2073-1E METHOD 10, CUSHIONING MATERIALS, DUNNAGE, BLOCKING AND BRACING SHALL BE APPLIED AS REQUIRED TO PROTECT THE ITEMS AND THE ENCLOSING MEDIA AND RESTRICT THE MOVEMENT OF THE ITEM WITHIN THE CONTAINER. ITEMS SHALL BE INDIVIDUALLY PRESERVED AND PACKAGED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ASTM D 3951 AND MIL-STD-2073-1. ITEMS SHALL BE MARKED IN ACCORDANCE WIT MIL-STD-129P MFG NAME: VOLVO PENTA OF THE AMERICAS, INC P/N: 22197130 QUANTITY: 20 EA UNIT PRICE: TOTAL AMOUNT: REQUIRED DELIVERY DATE ON OR BEFORE: ON OR BEFORE. 06/03/2026 PROMISED DELIVERY DATE: _________________ ITEM 4: STEERING SYSTEM, MARINE NSN: 2030 01-693-4440 P/N 401VP21910902 STEERING CYLINDER INDIVIDUAL PACKAGE IN ACCORDANCE WITH MIL-STD-2073-1E METHOD 10, CUSHIONING MATERIALS, DUNNAGE, BLOCKING AND BRACING SHALL BE APPLIED AS REQUIRED TO PROTECT THE ITEMS AND THE ENCLOSED MEDIA AND RESTRICT THE MOVEMENT OF THE ITEM WITHIN THE CONTAINER. **COMMERCIAL PACKAGING ACCEPTABLE WHICH PROTECTS THE ITEM THROUGH MULTIPLE SHIPMENTS AND STORAGE**MULTIPACK IS ACCEPTABLE, WHERE APPLICABLE. ITEMS INDIVIDUALLY PACKAGED, SHIPPED IN SAME CONTAINER. MARKINGS: IAW MIL-STD-129R AND BAR CODED IAWISO/IEC-16388-2007, CODE 39 SYMBOLOGY. MFG NAME: VOLVO PENTA OF THE AMERICAS, INC P/N: 21910902 QUANTITY: 10 EA UNIT PRICE: TOTAL AMOUNT: REQUIRED DELIVERY DATE ON OR BEFORE: ON OR BEFORE. 06/03/2026 PROMISED DELIVERY DATE: _________________ ITEM 5: PROPELLER, MARINE NSN: 2010 01-661-0675 PROPELLER SET, FH6; P/N 401VP3885842. END ITEM IDENTIFICATION OUTDRIVE VOLVO PENTA DPS-B

1.95 INDIVIDUAL PACKAGE IN ACCORDANCE WITH MIL-STD-2073-1E METHOD 10, CUSHIONING MATERIALS, DUNNAGE, BLOCKING AND BRACING SHALL BE APPLIED AS REQUIRED TO PROTECT THE ITEMS AND THE ENCLOSED MEDIA AND RESTRICT THE MOVEMENT OF THE ITEM WITHIN THE CONTAINER. **COMMERCIAL PACKAGING ACCEPTABLE WHICH PROTECTS THE ITEM THROUGH MULTIPLE SHIPMENTS AND STORAGE** MULTIPACK IS ACCEPTABLE, WHERE APPLICABLE. ITEMS INDIVIDUALLY PACKAGED, SHIPPED IN SAME CONTAINER. MARKINGS: IAW MIL-STD-129R AND BAR CODED IAWISO/IEC-16388-2007, CODE 39 SYMBOLOGY. MFG NAME: VOLVO PENTA OF THE AMERICAS, INC P/N: 3885842 QUANTITY: 10 EA UNIT PRICE: TOTAL AMOUNT: REQUIRED DELIVERY DATE ON OR BEFORE: ON OR BEFORE. 06/03/2026 PROMISED DELIVERY DATE: _________________ * Delivery address and terms stated below. * *Any proposed substitutions must be accompanied by a Specification Sheet to undergo evaluation by the requiring officials for compatibility to the Requirement. * *All Deliveries are Required by their respective due date. Partial shipment is acceptable. ** Total cost shall have delivery, and any Freight charges included. ** ** SHIPPING: FOB DESTINATION REQUIRED. ** Preparation For Delivery All material must be shipped to: FOB DESTINATION UNITED STATES COAST GUARD(SFLC) RECEIVING ROOM- BLDG 88 2401 HAWKINS POINT ROAD BALTIMORE MD 21226. for this Purchase Order. Material must be accompanied by an itemized packaging list securely attached to the outside of the shipment. All packing lists shall cite the Purchase Order Number with the packaging in such a manner to ensure identification of the material provided. Material shall be packed for shipment using Military Packaging, for example in packaging please reference MIL-STD-2073-1E. Material must be packaged in such a manner as to afford adequate protection to the item against corrosion, deterioration, and physical damage during shipment from the supply course to Surface Forces Logistics Center locations. Packaging shall provide adequate protection for warehouse storage and shipments from the warehouse. All materials shall be marked in accordance with MIL-STD-129R and barcoded unless otherwise authorized by the Contracting Officer. All material will have the Purchase Order Number, National Stock Number (if applicable), Vendor name and Part Number clearly marked on the exterior of all material shipped. All Deliveries are to be made Monday through Friday between the hours of 7:00AM to 1:00PM. Please make sure that Quotes, any changes in Delivery Timeframes or tracking information get sent to YANNICK KASSI at Yannick.a.kassi@uscg.mil no later than 03/19/2026 Invoicing In IPP It is a requirement that all invoicing for Purchase Orders will now be entered and processed through https://www.ipp.gov. All invoices must contain the following information: CG Purchase Order number, vendor’s invoice number, cage number, PO item number, description of supplies or services, unit prices and extended totals (INVOICES FOR PURCHASE ORDERS AWARDED BY SURFACE FORCE LOGISTICS CENTER, BALTIMORE ARE TO BE SUMITTED AS NON-PO IN IPP). Shipping costs will be indicated as a separate line item on the invoice (if applicable). Shipping costs of $100 or more must be accompanied by a separate freight invoice when submitting an invoice(s) for payment (if applicable). To submit an invoice, the vendor must have access to www.ipp.gov. To gain access please indicate if you don’t have an account so the issuing office can establish one for you. Far Clauses This order is subject to but is not limited to the following Federal Acquisition Regulations: 52.204-24 Representation Regarding Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. 52.204-26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation. 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.212-3 Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services. 52.204-23 Prohibition on Contracting for Hardware, Software, and Services Developed or Provided by Kaspersky Lab Covered Entities. 52.204-25 Prohibition on Contracting for Certain Telecommunications and Video Surveillance Services or Equipment. 52.212-5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders—Commercial Products and Commercial Services

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Yannick Kassi
  - Email: Yannick.A.Kassi@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Bryan Duffey
  - Email: Bryan.A.Duffey@uscg.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0a7fc5784b854c25917713b8d39f1b82/view)