---
layout: default
title: Automated Flight Scheduling Software
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: fc61e4ef450a46cfbbc07faed27dfb29
---

# Automated Flight Scheduling Software

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-27 13:28:52.166-04
- Solicitation Number: F3G5GA6013A003

## Summary

SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS (Not a Notice of Solicitation) F3G5GA6013A003 – Automated Flight Scheduling Software The United States Air Force, 99th Contracting Squadron (99 CONS), Nellis Air Force Base (AFB), NV 89191, is seeking capabilities packages of potential sources, including small business (SB), 8(a), HUBZone, and Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned (SDVO) small businesses that are capable of providing 26 WPS Automated Flight Scheduling Software Sky as defined in the attached requirement description. Firms that respond shall specify that their services meet the specifications provided in the attachment below and provide detailed information to show clear technical compliance. Detailed Specifications are listed in the attachment identified below: Attachment 1- Software Description and Capabilities All interested firms shall submit a response demonstrating their capability to provide these items to the Primary Point of Contact listed below. As stipulated in FAR 15.201, responses to this notice are not considered offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. No solicitation (Request for Quotes) exists; therefore, do not request a copy of the solicitation. The decision to solicit for a contract shall be solely within the Government's discretion. The NAICS Code assigned to this acquisition is 541519 - Other Computer Related Services with a size standard of $34 million dollars. Firms responding should indicate their size in relation to this size standard, and indicate socio-economic status (SB, 8(a), SDVO, or HUBZone). Respondents are further requested to indicate their status as a Foreign-owned/foreign-controlled firm and any contemplated use of foreign national employees on this effort. The Government reserves the right to consider a small business set-aside based upon responses hereto for any subsequent action. All prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database to be awarded a DoW contract. No set-aside decision has been made. Note that a key factor in determining an acquisition to be a Small Business Set Aside is that small business prime contractors must perform at least 50% of the effort, as defined in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.219-14. Any information submitted by respondents to this sources sought synopsis is voluntary. This sources sought notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government, nor will the Government reimburse any costs associated with the submission of information in response to this notice. Respondents will not be individually notified of the results of any Government assessments. The Government's assessment of the capability statements received will factor into whether any forthcoming solicitation will be conducted as a full and open competition or as a set-aside for small businesses, or any particular small business program. To ensure your response along with any and all attachments are received, attachment(s) must be less than 10 MB [in total]. It is the responsibility of the respondent to contact the government to confirm receipt prior to the offer due date and time. CAPABILITIES PACKAGE: All interested firms shall submit a capabilities package that explicitly demonstrates their capability to provide the required commodities. The capabilities package should be brief and concise, yet clearly demonstrate an ability to meet the stated requirements. Responses may be submitted electronically to the following e-mail address: sedrina.welches@us.af.mil. All correspondence sent via email shall contain a subject line that reads “F3G5GA6013A003 – Automated Flight Scheduling Software”. If this subject line is not included, the email may not get through email filters at Nellis AFB. Filters are designed to delete emails without a subject or with a suspicious subject or attachments. Attachments with files ending in .zip or .exe are not allowable and will be deleted. Ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xsls or .xls documents are attached to your email. All other attachments may be deleted. Responses shall be emailed to: 99 CONS, POC – SrA Sedrina Welches Email: sedrina.welches@us.af.mil Alternate POC – SrA Amal Djezzar Email: amal.djezzar.1@us.af.mil RESPONSES ARE DUE NOT LATER THAN 8 April 2026 by 1000 Pacific Time. Direct all questions concerning this acquisition to the POC listed above.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: SrA Sedrina Welches
  - Email: sedrina.welches@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7026528669
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Amal Djezzar
  - Email: amal.djezzar.dz@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7026525354

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: and provide detailed information to show clear technical compliance. Detailed Specifications are listed in the attachment identified below: Attachment 1- Software Description and Capabilities All interested firms shall submit a response demonstrating their capability to provide these items to the Primary Point of Contact listed below. As stipulated in FAR 15.201, responses to this notice are not considered offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. No solicitation (Request for Quotes) exists; therefore, do not request a copy of the solicitation. The decision to solicit for a contract shall be solely within the Government"s discretion. The NAICS Code assigned to this acquisition is 541519 - Other Computer Related Services with a size standard of $34 million dollars. Firms responding should indicate their size in relation to this size standard, and indicate socio-economic status (SB, 8(a), SDVO, or HUBZone). Respondents are further requested to indicate their status as a Foreign-owned/foreign-controlled firm and any contemplated use of foreign national employees on this effort. The Government reserves the right to consider a small business set-aside based upon responses hereto for any subsequent action. All prospective contractors must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database to be awarded a DoW contract. No set-aside decision has been made. Note that a key factor in determining an acquisition to be a Small Business Set Aside is that small business prime contractors must perform at least 50% of the effort, as defined in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.219-14. Any information submitted by respondents to this sources sought synopsis is voluntary. This sources sought notice is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government, nor will the Government reimburse any costs associated with the submission of information in response to this notice. Respondents will not be individually notified of the results of any Government assessments. The Government"s assessment of the capability statements received will factor into whether any forthcoming solicitation will be conducted as a full and open competition or as a set-aside for small businesses, or any particular small business program. To ensure your response along with any and all attachments are received, attachment(s) must be less than 10 MB [in total]. It is the responsibility of the respondent to contact the government to confirm receipt prior to the offer due date and time. CAPABILITIES PACKAGE: All interested firms shall submit a capabilities package that explicitly demonstrates their capability to provide the required commodities. The capabilities package should be brief and concise, yet clearly demonstrate an ability to meet the stated requirements. Responses may be submitted electronically to the following e-mail address: sedrina.welches@us.af.mil. All correspondence sent via email shall contain a subject line that reads “F3G5GA6013A003 – Automated Flight Scheduling Software”. If this subject line is not included, the email may not get through email filters at Nellis AFB. Filters are designed to delete emails without a subject or with a suspicious subject or attachments. Attachments with files ending in .zip or .exe are not allowable and will be deleted. Ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xsls or .xls documents are attached to your email. All other attachments may be deleted. Responses shall be emailed to: 99 CONS, POC – SrA Sedrina Welches Email: sedrina.welches@us.af.mil Alternate POC – SrA Amal Djezzar Email: amal.djezzar.1@us.af.mil RESPONSES ARE DUE NOT LATER THAN 8 April 2026 by 1000 Pacific Time. Direct all questions concerning this acquisition to the POC listed above

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/fc61e4ef450a46cfbbc07faed27dfb29/view)