---
layout: default
title: Upgrade Fire Detection System at FDC Honolulu, Hawaii
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d5648e48bcab41d882caf1cdcc5e0a57
---

# Upgrade Fire Detection System at FDC Honolulu, Hawaii

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-24 11:47:53.729-04
- Solicitation Number: 15BH0N26PR000083

## Summary

THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE. THIS NOTICE IS ISSUED FOR MARKET RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION OR INVITATION FOR OFFERORS TO SUBMIT BIDS. A PRE-SOLICITATION SYNOPSIS OF THE PROPOSED CONTRACT ACTION WILL BE POSTED AT A LATER DATE THAT WILL PROVIDE INSTRUCTIONS FOR BIDDERS TO RESPOND TO THIS OPPORTUNITY. The Federal Bureau of Prisons (FBOP) anticipates the need for a firm-fixed-price construction contract for a project entitled “Upgrade Fire Detection System” at the Federal Detention Center (FDC) located in Honolulu, Hawaii. Interested small business contractors are requested to respond to this notice by filling out and emailing completed questionnaire attachment (see attached) to Julie Bergami at jbergami@bop.gov. Responses must be received no later than April 3, 2026. Interested vendors must also add their names to the Interested Vendors List for this posting (must be logged-in to your vendor account). FDC Honolulu is a Federally owned facility utilized for detention of both male and female occupants prior to and during court hearings as well as inmates serving sentences. Constructed in 1998, FDC Honolulu is an 8-story building with no basement level. The work included in this contract includes but is not limited to: New addressable, automatic and manual fire alarm system for entire building. The Contractor will provide detailed shop drawings, prepared as a delegated-design submittal, and sealed and signed by a qualified design professional (NICET Level 3 minimum or Licensed Professional Engineer). The system must include a voice evacuation system and smoke control system as an integral part of the fire alarm system. Voice evacuation speakers are required throughout every area that requires audible notification. Fire-fighters two-way communication system must be provided. Firefighter’s two-way communication phones must be provided throughout requires locations on every floor. Perform radio signal strength test in accordance with IFC510.4 in the location stipulated in IFC510.5.4. The wiring system for this system must meet Level 3 Pathway Survivability, which will require 2-hour rated cables inside metallic conduits in this sprinklered building. All other wiring must meet Level 1 Pathway Survivability. The new fire alarm system will be monitored and controlled using new UL listed central monitoring and control workstation desktop computer connected to the new fire alarm system network. The Control Room will be the location of the workstation and used as an on-premise proprietary monitoring station. Select floors will be equipped with a Fire Alarm Control Units (FACU). The FACUs will generally serve floors above or below the floor where FACU is located. Select floors will be equipped with one or more remote booster power supply (NAC) units and voice evacuation amplifiers for notification appliance circuits and smoke control power supply. All floors above Level 2 will be equipped with a remote annunciator at unit officer stations. The new fire alarm network, including voice evacuation system and two-way firefighters communication system, will be connected as a Class X system using copper. Two-way firefighters’ communication system must meet Level 3 Pathway Survivability. All other wiring must meet Level 1 Pathway Survivability. Initiating circuits will be Class A. Each floor will have a combination of manual pull stations and automatic detectors. Notification circuits will be Class B. All areas must have complete notification appliance coverage throughout the building. Mechanical units, including roof top units and fan coil units, smoke dampers, fire smoke dampers shall be interfaced with fire alarm system, DDC for smoke control and fan shut down. The existing wiring and operations of smoke control shall be verified on site to ensure similar operation before demolition of devices. The new actuators, firestat, and relays shall be provided with new wiring. All fire sprinkler system risers flow and tamper switches will be interfaced with the fire alarm system. Post Indicator Valves (PIV) located on the exterior around the site will be interfaced with the fire alarm system. New underground conduit will be required for all PIV locations. Kitchen Fire Suppression (Ansul) systems will be interfaced with the Fire Alarm System. Other Fire Suppression systems, i.e. storage units with chemical or pre-action systems, will be interfaced with the Fire Alarm System. Programming and configuration of the fire alarm network, central monitoring and control workstation, fire alarm control units and all associated devices and equipment. Testing, inspection and commissioning of the entire system and all associated devices and equipment. New 20A, 120V circuit breakers and power branch circuits from existing power panelboards to supply FACU and NAC units in each floor. While there are some ceiling and side access panels and hatches available, the ceiling space is congested with existing utilities in many locations. Contractor will be responsible for cutting/patching of ceilings and walls will be required to install new conduit and wiring in existing ceiling spaces. It is expected that hazardous material, including but not limited to, lead-based paints and asbestos will be present at the site. Contractor is responsible for avoiding disruptions to the hazardous material where possible. Where disruption is necessary, provide mitigation as required to complete the scope of work. Many of the walls are CMU/Concrete construction which will require core drilled penetrations to run the new conduit system. Certifications by Contractor’s design professional stating that the installation was completed based on the detailed shop drawings and meets all applicable Code requirements and regulations. Upon completion of the project electronic file shall be provided including updated CAD files. Access to the attachments will require an active https://sam.gov vendor registration (login). These documents are controlled documents in SAM.gov and require approval in SAM.gov to access them. The controlled documents will not be emailed. If you encounter problems accessing these documents, please contact the Federal Service Desk at 866-606-8220. Interested bidders must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://sam.gov. Pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Deviation 36.101-3, the estimated magnitude of this project is between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code applicable to this requirement is 238210 (Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors) with a corresponding small business size standard of $19 million. The FBOP is seeking small business contractors for this project. Your business size metrics information entered in your https://sam.gov registration must be less than or equal to the small business size standard specified above (see provision 52.219-1 in the Representations & Certifications section of your https://sam.gov registration). Interested small business contractors are requested to respond to this notice by filling out and emailing completed questionnaire attachment (see attached) to Julie Bergami at jbergami@bop.gov. Responses must be received no later than April 3, 2026. Interested contractors are also requested to respond to this notice by adding their business names to the Interested Vendors List for this posting in https://sam.gov (must be logged in to your vendor account). Please add your business name only if you are interested in submitting a bid as a Prime contractor and are capable and eligible to compete for and perform this project. This notice is intended only for those who would be entering into a Prime contract with the FBOP for the entirety of the project. The FBOP does not award subcontracts. Subcontracts (if applicable/necessary) are the responsibility of the Prime contractor. The FBOP has no privity of contract with subcontractors. The pre-solicitation synopsis (to be posted at a later date) will include further instructions for responding to this opportunity. Interested bidders are advised to continuously monitor https://sam.gov for all future updates.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Julie Bergami
  - Email: jbergami@bop.gov
  - Phone: 2025986019

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: attached) to Julie Bergami at jbergami@bop.gov. Responses must be received no later than April 3, 2026. Interested vendors must also add their names to the Interested Vendors List for this posting (must be logged-in to your vendor account). FDC Honolulu is a Federally owned facility utilized for detention of both male and female occupants prior to and during court hearings as well as inmates serving sentences. Constructed in 1998, FDC Honolulu is an 8-story building with no basement level. The work included in this contract includes but is not limited to: New addressable, automatic and manual fire alarm system for entire building. The Contractor will provide detailed shop drawings, prepared as a delegated-design submittal, and sealed and signed by a qualified design professional (NICET Level 3 minimum or Licensed Professional Engineer). The system must include a voice evacuation system and smoke control system as an integral part of the fire alarm system. Voice evacuation speakers are required throughout every area that requires audible notification. Fire-fighters two-way communication system must be provided. Firefighter’s two-way communication phones must be provided throughout requires locations on every floor. Perform radio signal strength test in accordance with IFC510.4 in the location stipulated in IFC510.5.4. The wiring system for this system must meet Level 3 Pathway Survivability, which will require 2-hour rated cables inside metallic conduits in this sprinklered building. All other wiring must meet Level 1 Pathway Survivability. The new fire alarm system will be monitored and controlled using new UL listed central monitoring and control workstation desktop computer connected to the new fire alarm system network. The Control Room will be the location of the workstation and used as an on-premise proprietary monitoring station. Select floors will be equipped with a Fire Alarm Control Units (FACU). The FACUs will generally serve floors above or below the floor where FACU is located. Select floors will be equipped with one or more remote booster power supply (NAC) units and voice evacuation amplifiers for notification appliance circuits and smoke control power supply. All floors above Level 2 will be equipped with a remote annunciator at unit officer stations. The new fire alarm network, including voice evacuation system and two-way firefighters communication system, will be connected as a Class X system using copper. Two-way firefighters’ communication system must meet Level 3 Pathway Survivability. All other wiring must meet Level 1 Pathway Survivability. Initiating circuits will be Class A. Each floor will have a combination of manual pull stations and automatic detectors. Notification circuits will be Class B. All areas must have complete notification appliance coverage throughout the building. Mechanical units, including roof top units and fan coil units, smoke dampers, fire smoke dampers shall be interfaced with fire alarm system, DDC for smoke control and fan shut down. The existing wiring and operations of smoke control shall be verified on site to ensure similar operation before demolition of devices. The new actuators, firestat, and relays shall be provided with new wiring. All fire sprinkler system risers flow and tamper switches will be interfaced with the fire alarm system. Post Indicator Valves (PIV) located on the exterior around the site will be interfaced with the fire alarm system. New underground conduit will be required for all PIV locations. Kitchen Fire Suppression (Ansul) systems will be interfaced with the Fire Alarm System. Other Fire Suppression systems, i.e. storage units with chemical or pre-action systems, will be interfaced with the Fire Alarm System. Programming and configuration of the fire alarm network, central monitoring and control workstation, fire alarm control units and all associated devices and equipment. Testing, inspection and commissioning of the entire system and all associated devices and equipment. New 20A, 120V circuit breakers and power branch circuits from existing power panelboards to supply FACU and NAC units in each floor. While there are some ceiling and side access panels and hatches available, the ceiling space is congested with existing utilities in many locations. Contractor will be responsible for cutting/patching of ceilings and walls will be required to install new conduit and wiring in existing ceiling spaces. It is expected that hazardous material, including but not limited to, lead-based paints and asbestos will be present at the site. Contractor is responsible for avoiding disruptions to the hazardous material where possible. Where disruption is necessary, provide mitigation as required to complete the scope of work. Many of the walls are CMU/Concrete construction which will require core drilled penetrations to run the new conduit system. Certifications by Contractor’s design professional stating that the installation was completed based on the detailed shop drawings and meets all applicable Code requirements and regulations. Upon completion of the project electronic file shall be provided including updated CAD files. Access to the attachments will require an active https://sam.gov vendor registration (login). These documents are controlled documents in SAM.gov and require approval in SAM.gov to access them. The controlled documents will not be emailed. If you encounter problems accessing these documents, please contact the Federal Service Desk at 866-606-8220. Interested bidders must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://sam.gov. Pursuant to Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Deviation 36.101-3, the estimated magnitude of this project is between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code applicable to this requirement is 238210 (Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors) with a corresponding small business size standard of $19 million. The FBOP is seeking small business contractors for this project. Your business size metrics information entered in your https://sam.gov registration must be less than or equal to the small business size standard specified above (see provision 52.219-1 in the Representations & Certifications section of your https://sam.gov registration). Interested small business contractors are requested to respond to this notice by filling out and emailing completed questionnaire attachment (see attached) to Julie Bergami at jbergami@bop.gov. Responses must be received no later than April 3, 2026. Interested contractors are also requested to respond to this notice by adding their business names to the Interested Vendors List for this posting in https://sam.gov (must be logged in to your vendor account). Please add your business name only if you are interested in submitting a bid as a Prime contractor and are capable and eligible to compete for and perform this project. This notice is intended only for those who would be entering into a Prime contract with the FBOP for the entirety of the project. The FBOP does not award subcontracts. Subcontracts (if applicable/necessary) are the responsibility of the Prime contractor. The FBOP has no privity of contract with subcontractors. The pre-solicitation synopsis (to be posted at a later date) will include further instructions for responding to this opportunity. Interested bidders are advised to continuously monitor https://sam.gov for all future updates

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d5648e48bcab41d882caf1cdcc5e0a57/view)