---
layout: default
title: Precision Guided Munitions (PGM) Facility at Nellis AFB, NV
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: a1175db440f44eee8b9f1d8b48609dd2
---

# Precision Guided Munitions (PGM) Facility at Nellis AFB, NV

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-25 18:39:57.38-04
- Solicitation Number: W912PL26S0013

## Summary

Description: This is a SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE for information only. Replies by interested parties will be used by this agency for preliminary planning purposes. No proposal or contract will be awarded from this notice. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this notice or any follow up information requests. The U. S. Army Corps of Engineers has been tasked to solicit and award a firm fixed price contract to design and construct a Precision Guided Munitions (PGM) Facility at Nellis AFB, NV. Project Scope: Design and construct a 14,700 square foot Munitions Maintenance Facility with an option of an additional 1,550 SF maintenance bay and associated infrastructure to support Nellis AFB mission requirements. The PGM accommodates missile and glide munitions assembly and disassembly inspection, testing and repair. The base facility consists of (4) individual drive-through work bays, a test cell room for electrical and resistance checks of rocket motors, a secure administrative and briefing space, ready and training rooms, a tool and test equipment support room, supply and equipment storage and latrines. The PGM is a high-bay facility with exterior roll-up metal coil doors for the movement of equipment to and from the flightline. The facility will be constructed with reinforced concrete foundation/floor slab, structural steel frame, fully grouted CMU and standing seam metal roof. Each bay will contain a 2-ton overhead bridge crane. The facility’s security system will include security fences, gates, an intrusion detection system (IDS), access control system (ACS), and closed-circuit television (CCTV) as well as cybersecurity measures for facility-related systems. The supporting facilities include all site preparation, storm water management, electrical, communications, water and sewer utilities, fire detection and suppression systems. The facility will be designed as permanent construction in accordance with the DoD Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC) 1-200-01, General Building Requirements, UFC 1-200-02, High Performance and Sustainable Building Requirements and other UFCs as appropriate. The facility will also need to comply with DESR 6055.09_AFMAN 91-201 Explosives Safety Standards. The facility should be compatible with applicable DoD, Air Force, and base design standards. In addition, local materials and construction techniques shall be used where cost effective. This project will comply with DoD antiterrorism / force protection requirements per unified facilities criteria. Special Construction Requirements: Secure work areas specifications and construction in accordance with ICD/ICS 705 is necessary for mission-essential primary facilities. Minimum Capabilities Required Include the Following: Work includes the design, construction and installation of: reinforced concrete foundations, concrete floor slab, structural steel frame, concrete masonry units, gypsum wallboard, and a combination single ply membrane/standing seam metal low slope roof, utilities; communications support; site improvements and hardscapes; AC Apron; electrical systems; heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems (HVAC); fire detection and protection features; security enhancements and other supporting work necessary to make a complete and useable facility. The type of set-aside, either small business or among the socioeconomic categories, if any, will depend upon the responses to this sources sought notice. The purpose of this notice is to gain knowledge of the experience and capabilities of both small and large business concerns in the construction industry, in performing similar projects in magnitude and complexity of this requirement. The Government is seeking to identify qualified sources either singularly or as part of an assembled team under North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction, which has a small business size standard of $45,000,000.00. In accordance with the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement (DFARS), 236.204, the estimated construction price range for this project is between $25,000,000 and $50,000,000. The total contract performance period is anticipated to be 730 calendar days. In accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.219-14, Limitations on Subcontracting, small business prime contractors will not pay more than 85 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor's 85 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. Prior Government contract work is not required for submitting a response under this source sought synopsis. Minimum capabilities required, include previous experience of projects similar in magnitude and complexity. Interested sources shall submit a capability statement demonstrating their ability to perform the work as described above. Responses should include the following information, which shall not exceed a total of six pages (not counting CPARS). Offerors name, address, point of contact, with telephone numbers, and email addresses. Business size/classification, to include any designations as a Small Business, HUBZone, Service Disabled, Veteran Owned, Women-Owned, Disadvantaged Small Business, 8(a), in addition to others, and NAICS code designations. Bonding capability (construction bonding level per single contract and aggregate construction bonding level, both expressed in dollars; along with current available bonding capacity). Firm's interest in proposing on the solicitation when it is issued. Description of capability to perform the proposed project. Including, capability to manage subcontractors, manage and provide required reporting of small business subcontracting plan progress in a timely/accurate manner, advancing the socio- economic goals of the Federal Government, prepare and comply with various environmental and construction permits, and capacity to execute this project with other ongoing construction contracts. Past experience on individual projects of similar scope and magnitude, as described above in the project scope, and describing no more than three (3) projects that are complete or at least 50% construction complete and within the past six (6) years. Response MUST demonstrate experience in new construction (not repair or renovation), ICD/ICS 705 construction and AT/FP requirements. At least one vertical construction project example MUST have a construction value greater than $20,000,000 and have occurred on a military installation (Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corp) within the continental United States or Allied Military installation built to US codes and standard and under a US Government Contracting Agency. The projects should be similar in nature to what is described above in the Project Scope. The project title, location, general description to demonstrate relevance to the proposed project, the Offerors’ role, dollar value of contract, type of contract (design-build or design bid build), and name of the company, agency, or Government entity for which the work was performed with contact information (reference name, phone number and e-mail address) should be included for each project. VERY IMPORTANT: work scopes self-performed vs subcontracted and percentage of self-performed vs subcontracted). If past performance was as a JV, indicate which scopes was performed by which JV member For the past experience given, provide CPARS or related ratings information. The ratings info does not count towards the page count. If submitting as a JV, please include information about the JV (mentor-protégé agreement, JV agreement, etc) Submittals will not be returned. This is not a Request for Proposals, only a Request for Information. No award will result from this Sources Sought Notice. This notice does not constitute any commitment by the Government.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Roger Minami, Procurement Analyst
  - Email: kinya.r.minami@usace.army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a1175db440f44eee8b9f1d8b48609dd2/view)