---
layout: default
title: Z2DA--589-21-211, Renovate Building 26 for Pharmacy, Phlebotomy, and Police
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: dc1be3aff88f443d964a187c6129a4a9
---

# Z2DA--589-21-211, Renovate Building 26 for Pharmacy, Phlebotomy, and Police

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-18 02:42:33.932-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0332
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Project 589-21-211, Renovate Building 26 for Pharmacy, Phlebotomy, and Police. This is a Sources Sought Notice to determine the availability of service disabled veteran owned small business (SDVOSB) firms for a possible small business category type set-aside for Construction Services Project: 589-21-211, Renovate Building 26 for Pharmacy, Phlebotomy, and Police. This is a Sources Sought Notice that is issued for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitmentÂ by the government, implied or otherwise to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract.Â An award will not be made on information received in response to this notice.Â This notice is not a Request for Proposal (RFP); it is a market research tool being utilized to determine the availability of sources prior to issuing any Request for Proposal. PROJECT DESCRIPTION AND SCOPE The Contractor shall provide all labor, materials, and equipment to accomplish the Renovate Building 26 for Pharmacy, Phlebotomy, and Police project per construction drawings and specifications. The project shall be accomplished per contract drawings numbered 589-21-211, and specification number 589-21-211. This project will renovate approximately 5,700 square feet of space to align Pharmacy waiting space with the required demand, improve Phlebotomy services, expand access to Phlebotomy, provide rooms sized for an x-ray and CT for future equipment purchase, and renovate space for the Police department which is drastically undersized. The work will be considered a construction site within an active medical facility and ICRA requirements will apply, including establishing and monitoring negative air that is exhausted directly to the outdoors per the VHA ICRA requirements. In accordance with VAAR 836.204, the estimated magnitude of the resulting construction price range is estimated to be between $5,000,000 and $10,000,000. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code is 236220, Commercial and Institutional Building Construction, small business size standard of $45 Million. Interested firms must be registered in https:www.SAM.gov with this NAICS code and qualified as a service disabled veteran owned small business under this NAICS code. Qualified service-disabled veteran owned small businesses are encouraged to respond and required to be registered in the Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) registry Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov) on or before the response date. The intent of this notice is to identify potential Small Business firms capable of performing these services. The Government will use the information obtained from this source sought announcement to make a set-aside determination including further restriction under a socio-economic status, firms must identify their socio-economic status for NAICS code 236220, Commercial and Institutional Building Construction. The appropriate North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 236220 with the applicable business size of $45 million. If interested in this opportunity, please provide via email a Capability Statement: The Capability Statement is designed to inform the Department of Veteran Affairs of any prospective construction contractors' project execution capabilities. The submission is limited to 10 single side pages which shall include the following information: 1) Offeror's name, address, point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, and Unique Entity ID; 2) Offeror's interest in bidding on the solicitation when it is issued; 3) Offeror's capability to perform a contract of this magnitude and complexity and comparable work performed within the past 5 years - brief description of the project, customer name, timeliness of performance, customer satisfaction, and dollar value of the project) - provide at least 3 examples; 4) Offeror's Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) certification as a Veteran owned business; 5) Please provide Socio-economic status for NAICS code 236220, Commercial and Institutional Building Construction and provide percentage of self-performed labor your company can perform for this type of project; 6) Offeror's Joint Venture information if applicable - existing and potential;Â 7) Offeror's Bonding Capability in the form of a letter from Surety providing bonding level per contract and aggregate.Â The Response Due Date for this Sources Sought Notice is Tuesday, April 28, 2026, 2:00 pm Central Time.Â Respondents will not be notified of the results of analysis. Submit your responses to david.sterrett@va.gov.Â PLEASE REFERENCE "SOURCES SOUGHT: Project 589-21-211, Renovate Building 26 for Pharmacy, Phlebotomy, and Police" IN THE SUBJECT LINE and first page of the response. The point of contact for submission of Capabilities Statement and questions is: David Sterrett, Contract Specialist Email: david.sterrett@va.gov Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office 15 (NCO 15) Leavenworth, Kansas 66048 No basis for claim against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this sources sought or Government use of any information provided. The Government will not pay for information or comments provided and will not recognize any costs associated with submission of comments. There is no guarantee, expressed or implicit, that market research for this acquisition will result in a particular set-aside, or any other guarantee of award or acquisition strategy. Respondents will not be contacted regarding their submission or information gathered as a result of this Sources Sought notice. Interested firms shall be required to respond to additional announcements separately from this announcement without further notice from the Government when posted to the Contract Opportunities website at SAM.gov | Home. The Contract Opportunities website is the only official site to obtain these documents.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David Sterrett
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: david.sterrett@va.gov
  - Phone: (913) 946-1146

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/dc1be3aff88f443d964a187c6129a4a9/view)