---
layout: default
title: N041--Ambulance HVAC System Installation
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: aa4078e3bdee4e508d4c00d4b16d8048
---

# N041--Ambulance HVAC System Installation

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 18:00:54.936-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0525
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Announcement: This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY , it is neither a solicitation announcement nor a request for proposals or quotes and does not obligate the Government to award a contract. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. Responses to this sources-sought must be in writing. The purpose of this sources sought announcement is for market research to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of potential sources capable of providing the services described below. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail for the Government to determine that your company possesses the necessary functional area expertise and experience to compete for this acquisition. Responses to this notice shall include the following: (a) company name (b) address (c) point of contact (d) phone, fax, and email (e) Unique Entity ID (f) Cage Code (g) Tax ID Number (h) Type of business, e.g. small or other, as appropriate and (i) must provide a Capability Statement that addresses the organization s qualifications and ability to perform as a contractor for the work described below in italics. Background: The Emergency Ambulance Service at the Northern Arizona VA Medical Center located at 500 N. State Highway 89 Prescott, AZ 85723 requires the installation of rooftop HVAC systems on two ambulances. These systems will operate using shore power when the units are parked and plugged in, maintaining proper interior climate control. The goal is to protect temperature-sensitive medical equipment, supplies, and medications from damage caused by extreme heat and cold. Scope: The ambulances will be dropped off at the local vendor, where the work will be completed by a certified technician, then the ambulances will be picked up at the vendors location and returned to station. Requirements (Brand name or equivalent to with specifications provided): Furrion Chill FACR13SA with installed Heat Strip or equivalent. Operate using 115V 30-amp shore power when vehicles are parked. Maintain controlled interior temperatures within medical storage standards. Integrate with existing electrical systems safely and efficiently. Be installed by a local certified vendor familiar rooftop HVAC vehicle modification. UL Listed and CSA Certified for electrical safety. Meets RVIA and ANSI A119.2 standards for recreational/specialty vehicle HVAC systems. Comply with DOE and EPA energy efficiency requirements. Salient Characteristics: Must meet or exceed Furrion Chill FACR13SA with installed Heat Strip Must be able to be installed by a local vendor. Must be at least 13,500 BTU. Must be rooftop-mounted RV-style air conditioning system. Must have dual-fan design for increased airflow and cooling efficiency. Must operate on 115V/30amp AC shore power connection. Must have low amperage draw for efficient operation. Must be aerodynamic. Must have Integrated temperature control capability. Must have noise reduction technology for quiet operation. Must have durable UV-resistant exterior housing for extended outdoor exposure. Must be compatible with heat strip for supplemental cabin heating during cold conditions. Additional Parts for all Units: Heat Strip A/C control box assembly A/C Ceiling Assembly w/ manual controls Important Information: The Government is not obligated to - nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this sources-sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. The VA is mandated by Public Law 109-461 to consider a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business set aside. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open competition may be determined. No sub-contracting opportunity is anticipated. The North American Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 811198 - All Other Automotive Repair and Maintenance. The information identified above is intended to be descriptive, not restrictive and to indicate the quality of the supplies/services that will be satisfactory. It is the responsibility of the interested source to demonstrate to the government that the interested parties can provide the supplies/services that fulfill the required specifications. If you are interested and are capable of providing the sought-out supplies/services, please provide the requested information as well as the information indicated below. Response to this notice should include company name, address, point of contact, size of business pursuant to the following questions: (1) Is your business a: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), Hubzone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Large Business, etc.? (2) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this RFI? (3) Does your company have FSS GSA/NASA SEWP/NAC or any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. Notice to Potential Offerors: All offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail to david.odne@va.gov. All information submissions to be marked Attn: David Odne; Contract Specialist and should be received no later than 11:00 AM Pacific Time on the due date found on page 1 of this sources sought notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: David Odne
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: david.odne@va.gov
  - Phone: (562) 766-2328

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/aa4078e3bdee4e508d4c00d4b16d8048/view)