---
layout: default
title: DISPLAY UNIT
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: f2743917aced4a96b675e6ada6846986
---

# DISPLAY UNIT

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 17:57:56.652-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QZA54

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N742.16|WYA|N/A|robert.h.langel.civ@us.navy.mil| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|See specifications Section C and Section E.| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|x||x|||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice and Receiving Report (combo)|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|N4971A QTY 5|TBD|FBW-SFCC |N/A|N/A|TBD|N/A|N/A|See form DD1423 |robert.h.langel.civ@us.navy.mil| MONETARY LIMITATION REPAIR PURCHASE ORDERS|1|TBD| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS MECH| FIRM FIXED PRICE REPAIR PURCHASE ORDERS|1|| WARRANTY OF SUPPLIES OF A NONCOMPLEX NATURE (JUNE 2003)|6|One year from date of delivery.|One year from date of delivery.||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (DEV 2026-O0040)(FEB 2026)|4||||| TRANSPORTATION OF SUPPLIES BY SEA (OCT 2024)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| WARRANTY OF DATA-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0035) (FEB 2026)|2||| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||x| 1.Data Item A001 and A002 (Inspection and Test Plan) may be waived if already on file at NAVSUP WSS Mechanicsburg. 2.All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 3.Any contract awarded as a result of this solicitation will be DO certified for national defense under the Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS). Provision 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense, Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use, shall be inserted in solicitations when the contract to be awarded shall be a rated order. 4.If the offeror is not the Original End Manufacturer (OEM) of the material called out in the requirement, the OEM must be stated (Company Name and CAGE) and the offeror must provide a signed letter of authorization as a distributor on the OEM's letterhead. 5.If requirement will be packaged at a location different from the offeror's address, the offeror shall provide the name, street address, and CAGE of the facility. 6.The resulting contract from this request for proposal/request for quotations will utilize Commercial Asset Visibility (CAV). See NAVSUPWSSFA24 for more details. 7.Please submit: Estimated (EST) pricing or Firm Fixed Price (FFP). Please also provide an approximate cost of new item if available. 8.A beyond repair/beyond economical repair price shall also be provided in addition to the repair price at the time of submission of quote. 9.Do not include the cost for shipping material as the government-implemented shipping system or ATAC will be shipping/delivering material. 10.Vendor shall have 45 days after receipt of carcass(es) to complete a teardown & evaluation (TD&E) of the carcass(es) and submit a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) quote for the full repair effort of the carcass(es). 11.The Contractor must obtain final inspection and acceptance by the Government for all assets within the RTAT established in the resulting contract. Requested RTAT: 180 Days 12.This is a sole source requirement. 13.This Delivery Order will be placed on BOA N0010422GZD01, and terms and conditions from the BOA will apply. 14.This requirement is pursuant to Emergency Acquisition Flexibilities (EAF). \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 The material identified in this contract/purchase order will be used in a crucial shipboard system; therefore, this material has been designated as a Fly-By-Wire(FBW) Submarine Flight Critical Component (SFCC) and identified with a Special Material Identification Code (SMIC) on the outer wrapping which identifies thisNIIN as a FBW SFCC. SMIC identifiers are "VU" for Virginia Class "SW" for Seawolf Class, and "SC" for Columbia Class. As such, special control procedures are invoked to assure receipt of correct material. 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order must take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, must supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained.

2.2 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.2.1 Specification Revisions - The specification revisions listed under "Documents References" below are the preferred revision. Older and/or newer r evisions are acceptable when listed within Contract Support Library Reference Number CSD155 in ECDS (Electric Contractor Data Submission) at: ht tps://register.nslc.navy.mil/. This is to allow Contractors to use certain acceptable older specification revisions to purge their existing stock of material certified to those older revisions or to use newer specification revisions when material is certified to newly released revisions,without requiring the submittal of waiver/deviation requests for each specification revision on every contract. Revisions of specifications reflecting editorial and/or re-approval (e.g. E2009, R2014, etc.) are considered inconsequential, but are acceptable when their revisions are listedwithin CSD155 or elsewhere within this contract. 2.2.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-1686 | | |C |951025|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO 9002 | | | |940701|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-Q-9858 | | |A |950905|A| 3| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 REFURBISHED MATERIAL STATEMENT OF WORK (REPAIR SOW) - 3.1.1 INSPECTION - Clean and determine if refurbishment is possible. At disassembly, the Contractor must record all identifying markings found on the parts of each assembly. The Contractor must maintain traceability of these markingsto each unit throughout refurbishment. 3.1.2 RE-USEABLE PARTS - Any parts of the original assembly that are useable (replacement is not necessary), may be utilized as initially supplied. 3.1.3 NON-USEABLE PARTS - Any parts of the original assembly that are not usable (replacement is necessary) must be in accordance with this TDP (Technical Data Package). 3.1.4 REFURBISHMENT - Upon completion of inspection, this item must be refurbished to be in accordance with ;96169 EB-4611-1; , except as amplified or modified herein. This applies to all "Parts Requiring Certification" as identified elsewhere in this Contract/Purchase Order. 3.1.5 Additional SOW Requirements - ;N/A;

3.2 Electrostatic Discharge Control - The Contractor must comply with the electrostatic discharge control requirements established in MIL-STD-1686.

3.3 NAVSEA T9044-AD-MAN-010 REQUIREMENTS MANUAL FOR SUBMARINE FLY-BY-WIRE SHIP CONTROL SYSTEMS - All applicable elements of NAVSEA T9044-AD-MAN-010 for which the contractor must comply, are included in this contract or purchase order. NAVSEA T9044-AD-MAN-010 is for official use only and distribution is to comply with Distribution Statement D.

3.4 Configuration Control - The Contractor must maintain the total equipmentbaseline configuration. For items of proprietary design, Contractor drawings showing the latest assembly configuration must be provided to the government in electronic (C4) format. Definitions are provided elsewhere in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.4.1 Waivers/Deviations - All waivers and deviations, regardless of significance or classification require review and approval by the Submarine Program manager (SPM) via the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO). The Contractor must provide a copy of this request to the QAR. Requests for Waivers/Deviations must be prepared using form LI/DSS/SFCC WD-1 (Local) or in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. A complete description of the contract requirement affected and the nature of the waiver/deviation (non-conformance). b. Number of units (and serial/lot numbers) to be delivered in this configuration. c. Any impacts to logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel or impacts to the operational use of the product. d. Information about remedial action being taken to prevent reoccurrence of thenon-conformance. 3.4.2 ECPs - The Government will maintain configuration control and change authority for all modifications or changes affecting form, fit, function, or interface parameters of the Equipment and its sub-assemblies. The Contractor must submit an Engineering Change Proposal (ECP) for any Class I or II changes that impact the Equipment covered by this contract. ECPs must be prepared in Contractor format, and must include the following information: a. The change priority, change classification (Class I or Class II), and changejustification. b. A complete description of the change to be made and the need for that change. c. A complete listing of other Configuration Items impacted by the proposed change and a description of the impact on those CIs. d. Proposed changes to documents controlled by the Government. e. Proposed serial/lot number effectivities of units to be produced in, or retrofitted to, the proposed configuration. f. Recommendations about the way a retrofit should be accomplished. g. Impacts to any logistics support elements (such as software, manuals, spares, tools, and similar) being utilized by Government personnel in support of the product. h. Impacts to the operational use of the product.

3.5 Mercury Free - Mercury and mercury containing compounds must not be intentionally added or come in direct contact with hardware or supplies furnished under this contract. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. ^ QUALITY ASSURANCE REQUIREMENTS ^

3.6 Quality System Requirements - The Contractor furnishing items under this contract/purchase order must provide and maintain a quality system in accordance with MIL-I-45208, MIL-Q-9858, or ISO9001:2008 (except as amplified or modified herein) with the calibration system requirements of MIL-STD-45662, ISO10012, or ANSI-Z540.3. Quality systems in accordance with ISO9001:2000, ISO9001:1994, or ISO9002:1994 are acceptable alternates. 3.6.1 The Contractor's quality system and products supplied under the system are subject to evaluation, verification inspection, and acceptance/non-acceptance by the Government representative to determine the system's effectiveness in meeting the quality requirements established in the Contract/Purchase Order. 3.6.2 The Contractor's quality system must be documented and must be available for review by the Contracting Officer or his representative prior to initiation of production and throughout the life of the contract. The Prime Contractor must, upon notification, make his facilities available for audit by the contracting Officer or his authorized representative. 3.6.3 See CDRL DI-QCIC-81110 (INSPECTION SYSTEM/QA PROCEDURE) - All suppliers of SFCC material are required to submit a copy of their current documented quality system procedures to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) prior to award of any contract/purchase order. Suppliers that have a copy of their current quality system procedures on file at the Procuring Activity may request the PCO waive this requirement. 3.6.4 This contract provides for the performance of Government Quality Assurance at source. The place or places of performance may not be changed without the authorization of the Procurement Contracting Officer. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately. 3.6.5 Any changes made by the Contractor to a qualified quality system will require concurrence by the Government Quality Assurance Representative prior to adoption.

3.7 Contractor Inspection Requirements - The Contractor must maintain adequate records of all inspections and tests. The records must indicate the nature and number of observations made, the number and type of deficiencies found, the quantities approved and rejected, and the nature of corrective action taken as appropriate. 3.7.1 The supplier's calibrated gages that measure and test equipment must be made available for use by the Government representative when required to determine conformance with Contract requirements. When conditions warrant, the supplier's personnel must be made available for operations of such devices and for verification of their accuracy and condition. 3.7.2 All documents and reference data applicable to this contract must be available for review by the Government representative. Copies of documents required for Government inspection purposes must be furnished in accordance with the instructions provided by the Government representative.

3.8 Subcontractor Inspection Requirements - The Government has the right to inspect at source, any supplies or services that were not manufactured or performed within the contractor's facility. Such inspection can only be requested by or under authorization of the Government representative. Any purchasing documents to a subcontractor must cite the applicable portions of the contractually invoked quality system (e.g. calibration requirements), plus any product requirements that apply to the supplies being purchased. When the Government elects to perform source inspection at the subcontractor's facility, applicable purchase documents must be annotated with the following statement: "A Government inspection is required prior to shipment from your plant. Upon receipt of this order, promptly notify the Government representative who normally services your plant so that appropriate planning for Government inspection can be accomplished. If you do not have an assigned Government representative, notify the nearest Defense Contract Management Agency (DCMA) Office. In the event that a local Government representative or DCMA Office cannot be located, our purchasing agent should be notified immediately."

3.9 Government Furnished Material and/or Equipment (GFM/GFE) - When material or equipment is furnished by the Government, the Contractor must develop documented control procedures that require at least the following: 3.9.1 Visual examination upon receipt to detect damage during transit. 3.9.2 Inspection for completeness and proper type. 3.9.3 Verification of material quality received. 3.9.4 Periodic inspection and precautions to assure adequate storage conditions and to guard against damage from handling and deterioration during storage. 3.9.5 Functional testing, for use during certification testing, as required by the Contract to determine satisfactory operation. 3.9.6 Identification and protection from improper use or disposition. 3.9.7 Reporting to the Government, any GFM or GFE property found damaged, malfunctioning, or otherwise unsuitable for use. In the event of damage or malfunction during or after installation, the supplier must determine and record probable cause and necessity for withholding the material from use. 3.9.8 For GFE material, and as required by the terms of the bailment agreement the supplier must establish procedures for adequate storage, maintenance, and inspection of bailed Government material. Records of all inspection and maintenance performed on bailed property must be maintained. 3.9.9 Material returned to the contractor must be handled as GFM.

3.10 Traceability and Certification Requirements - To assure that correct materials are installed in FBW SCS SFCC systems, it is imperative that traceability be maintained from the material to the material certification test report and other required Objective Quality Evidence (OQE). The material certification report must completely and accurately reflect that the material supplied meets the specified requirements. Materials requiring Traceability and Certification Data are identified within Paragraph 3 of Section C of this contract/purchase order. 3.10.1 The following provides the minimum requirements for maintaining material traceability and supplements the requirements specified in DI-MISC-80678 and elsewhere in the contract/purchase order.

3.11 Material Traceability - Material traceability codes must be permanently applied to the material and annotated on test reports for each individual SFCC. An adhesive mounted durable tag may be used for electrical/electronic components. Traceability marking must be a unique vendor traceability number/code, or a combination thereof to maintain complete traceability to certification OQE. Traceability must be maintained through all process operations including any subcontracted operations, to the finished component.

3.12 Receiving Inspection: 3.12.1 SFCC certifying activities must conduct material receipt inspections of all components just prior to SFCC certification to ensure that they meet the form and fit requirements of the invoked ship and system specifications. FBW SCS SFCCs must be receipt inspected in accordance with the material specification requirements of the applicable procurement contract and all contractually invoked Waivers, Deviations, and engineering changes thereto. 3.12.2 Receipt inspection processes must be performed using approved formal inspection procedures that specify the SFCC attributes and the required inspections and test that are required to verify the SFCCs conform to the applicable specification, drawing, and purchase order requirements. 3.12.3 SFCC certifying activities must conduct functional performance testing on all SFCCs to verify the individual SFCCs meet the invoked system and component performance specification. This testing can be performed as a part of the SFCC certification process.

3.13 Material Handling: 3.13.1 Material handling and control procedures must provide methods for FBW SCS SFCCs from fabrication and certification through issue, receipt, and inspection. FBW SCS components may be considered SFCCs beginning with the start of certification process (material receipt inspection) through installation. 3.13.2 FBW SCS SFCCs that are awaiting or undergoing receipt inspection, retained in the Navy supply system storage, or awaiting or undergoing certification, must be physically segregated from accepted, rejected or non-SFCCs to prevent commingling and unauthorized use. Segregation may be accomplished by use of separate cages, racks, bins, shelves, boxes, or roped-off areas that are distinctly marked for FBW SCS SFCCs. Segregation of SFCC OBRPs must be maintained until the SFCC is drawn from the ship's material storage and installed in the FBW SCS. 3.13.3 Material control tags, must be used to positively identify FBW SCS SFCC in transit to avoid unauthorized movement, commingling, and improper use.For SFCCs in their original packaging, labeling may be used instead of material tags. 3.13.4 Staging of FBW SCS SFCCs with other electronic components is acceptable for a specific job or fabrication process involving more than one component, provided the component is clearly marked as required and the component for the specific job or fabrication process is grouped together, identified by the job or process number, and segregated from components grouped for other processes or jobs.

3.14 Inspection: 3.14.1 Material Sampling - SFCC material must be inspected for form, fit, and function based on a sample size of 100 percent of the lot. 3.14.2 All material must be 100% inspected for traceability marking and that marking is legible. 3.14.3 Material certification data forwarded by the manufacturer must contain a signed certification that the report results represent the actual attributes of the material furnished and indicate full compliance with all applicable specification and contract requirements. Transcription of certification data is prohibited. 3.14.4 Statements on material certification documents must be positive and unqualified. Disclaimers such as "to the best of our knowledge" or "we believe the information contained herein is true" are not acceptable.

3.15 Material Marking for Traceability and Identification - The following are minimum marking requirements. Additional/alternate marking requirements, if applicable, will be specified elsewhere in the contract/purchase order. In addition to the marking requirements on applicable drawings and/or specifications, marking with a traceability code is required. All traceability marking must be permanently applied except as specified below. An alternate marking method is permissible provided it is an available option in the contractually invoked specification or drawing, except in instances where the material has been modified by this contract/purchase order and differs from that specified in the specification or drawing. 3.15.1 SFCC MATERIAL MARKING - SFCCs must be marked with the Special Material Identification Codes (SMIC) appended to their NSN, Part Number and a unique Material Identification and Control (MIC) Number IAW paragraph E.4.2.1 OF NAVSEA T9044-AD-MAN-010. MIC marks must be applied by the certifying activity using MIL-STD-792 as a guide. NSN including SMIC, Part Number and MIC numbers must be marked on each component, as well as the outside of the ESD bag when used, and unit package. The MIC number, when applied, designates acceptance of the material for use. The Certifying Activity Designator (CAD) portion of the MIC must not be marked on the material until the material has been completely verified and accepted. The MIC mark must be applied only by those activities approved by NAVSEA. Unique MIC numbers for each SFCC must be used for status accounting, configuration control, and certification traceability. Altering of a MIC marking is prohibited except to make documented corrections. 3.15.2 Traceability markings for items or material with suitable marking surface areas less than 3/8 inches square (either 3/8" x 3/8" or an area equal to 0.1406 inches square) must be applied to a durable tag and the tag securely affixed to the material. 3.15.3 Marking must be legible and must be located so as to not affect the form, fit, and function of the material.

3.16 Retention of records: Disposal of SFCC records must only be accomplished with the approval of the NAVSEA Submarine Program Manager.

3.17 See CDRL DI-MISC-80678 (FBW CERTIFICATION PACKAGE OQE) - Certificationtest report OQE to be kept on file by the certifying activity must include the following: 1. A statement equivalent to the following: All SFCC certification attributes, inspections and performance verification testing associated with this SFCC has been accomplished and meet the Requirements Manual for Submarine Fly-By-Wire Ship Control Systems and invoked standards and specifications. This SFCC materialis considered acceptable for use in submarine FBW SCS Flight Critical Applications. 2. Contractors name, address, phone number and date. 3. Contract number and delivery order number if applicable. 4. The SFCC NSN and the SMIC. 5. The government noun nomenclature. 6. Contractors part number. 7. The assigned MIC number. 8. All performance test results. 9. The programming history of this item. 10. The repair history of this item. 11. Any non-conformances for this item. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Notes to the local Government Representative (DCMA QAR or SUPSHIP) and the Contractor 4.1.1 DCMA QAR/SUPSHIP - All nonconformances to contractual requirements must be submitted to the Procurement Contracting Officer (PCO) in accordance with the configuration control requirements of this contract/purchase order. A nonconformance is defined as affecting or violating the following: A) The requirements of this contract/purchase order. B) Contractually invoked drawings (i.e. envelope dimensions, interface dimensions with mating parts/equipment, center of gravity, weights, piece part identification, material, etc.). C) Contractually invoked federal, military, or commercial specifications and/orstandards. D) Form, fit, function, performance to contract requirements, reliability, maintainability, interchangeability, safety of personnel or equipment, or additional cost to the Government. 4.1.2 DCMA QAR/SUPSHIP and the Proprietary Contractor - Departures from Contractor imposed requirements, not specifically covered by the contract, must be judged individually on the basis of the effect, if any, on contractual requirements. When there is a disagreement between the Contractor and the Government representative as to the effect on contractual requirements, the departure must be considered a nonconformance and be submitted to the PCO for disposition. 4.1.3 DCMA QAR/SUPSHIP and the Proprietary Contractor - All records of departures from Contractor imposed requirements must be maintained and available for review at the Contractor's facility. A copy must be given to the local Government representative. A record of these departures, traceable to the applicable part number and contract number must be submitted to the PCO. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking must be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 In accordance with DoDI 5230.24 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to prospective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 6 (six) separate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T.

6.2 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS.

6.3 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. 6.3.1 There are 7 (seven) separate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161.

6.4 Recent Updates - A short description of recent updates to the technical requirements of this item are listed below, along with an implementation date for each issue. The notes below are only a generic quick reference and are provided for convenience only, detailed requirements will be defined elsewhere in the technical sections of this Contract/Purchase Order. ;- 10/20/2016 - Updated ECDS URL - Dec 17 2011 - Moved Quality Assurance Text location for Readability; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ Paragraph 10.4 of DI-QCIC-81110 does not apply. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ Paragraph 10.4 of DI-QCIC-81110 does not apply. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ Block 4 - Paragraphs 10.2.2, 10.2.3, 10.2.4, and 10.3 of DI-MISC-80678 do not apply. OQE must be submitted via WAWF (Wide Area Work Flow) for review and acceptance.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176053353
  - Email: ROBERT.H.LANGEL.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-1686 | | |C |951025|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO_9001 | | | |081115|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO 9002 | | | |940701|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-Q-9858 | | |A |950905|A| 3| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A| 1| | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-45662 | | |A |880801|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ANSI/NCSL Z540.3 | | | |130326|A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f2743917aced4a96b675e6ada6846986/view)