---
layout: default
title: R614--Shred Contract FY26-Document Destruction services
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 04ae1a93d21646efb195cfe4bfdbf6ac
---

# R614--Shred Contract FY26-Document Destruction services

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-24 17:15:55.494-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10D26Q0056
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought notice only. This is not a request for quotes and no contract will be awarded from this announcement. The Government will not provide any reimbursement for responses submitted in response to this Source Sought notice. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. If a solicitation is issued it shall be announced at a later date, and all interest parties must response to that solicitation announcement separately. Responses to this notice are not a request to be added to a prospective bidders list or to receive a copy of the solicitation. The purpose of this announcement is to perform market research to gain knowledge of potential qualified sources and their size classification relative to NAICS 561990, with a size $19.5 Million. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), is seeking information and to identify any vendor capable of providing Document Destruction Services in the Providence, RI 02903 area. This Sources Sought notice provides an opportunity for respondents to submit their capability and availability to provide Document Destruction services in the required area. Vendors are asked to provide a statement describing in specific detail what equipment they have available to provide these services, and the relative size of their labor force. Information received from this Sources Sought shall be utilized to facilitate the Contracting Officer s review of the market base, for acquisition planning, size determination, and procurement strategy. Submission Instructions: Interested parties who consider themselves qualified or wish to provide information in response to this notice are invited to submit a response to this Sources Sought Notice / Request for Information by 4:00 PM EST, Tuesday 31-March-2026. All responses under this Sources Sought Notice / Request for Information shall be emailed to scott.cole3@va.gov with 36C10D26Q0056, Providence Document Destruction in the subject line. Telephone inquiries will not be accepted or acknowledged, and no feedback or evaluations will be provided to companies regarding their submissions. Interested parties should complete the attached Worksheet. Parties may submit additional information related to their capabilities, provided it contains all the requirements contained in the Sources Sought Worksheet. Responses to this Sources Sought shall not exceed 8 pages. In addition, all submissions should be provided electronically in a Microsoft Word or Adobe PDF format. Attachment 1 Sources Sought Worksheet QUALIFICATION INFORMATION: Company / Institute Name: _______________________________________________________ Address: ______________________________________________________________________ Phone Number: ________________________________________________________________ Point of Contact: _______________________________________________________________ E-mail Address: ________________________________________________________________ Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) #:Â ___________________________________________________ CAGE Code: __________________________________________________________________ SAM Registered: (Y / N) Other available contract vehicles applicable to this sources sought (GSA/FSS/NASA SEWP/ETC): __________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS: Verified SDVOSB: (Y / N) Verified VOSB: (Y / N) Small Business: (Y / N) NOTE: Respondent claiming SDVOSB and VOSB status shall be registered and verified in the SBA Registry https://search.certifications.sba.gov/?CFID=4566&CFTOKEN=ab97b84e69c54e36-8499F018-B2BC-7203-D072223AADD0D8EE BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT / REQUEST FOR INFORMATION NOTICE / MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SDVOSB, VOSB, SMALL BUSINESSES OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Provide a brief capability and interest in providing the Document Destruction Services required at Providence, RI, ZIP Code 02903 with enough information to determine if your company can provide the services, the specific equipment they own or have available to perform the services, and relative size of labor force. The capabilities statement for this Sources Sought is not a Request for Quotation, Request for Proposal, or Invitation for Bid, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: scott.cole3@va.gov
  - Title: Scott Cole
  - Email: scott.cole3@va.gov
  - Phone: 2202-461-9963

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Sources Sought Worksheet QUALIFICATION INFORMATION: Company / Institute Name: _______________________________________________________ Address: ______________________________________________________________________ Phone Number: ________________________________________________________________ Point of Contact: _______________________________________________________________ E-mail Address: ________________________________________________________________ Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) #:Â ___________________________________________________ CAGE Code: __________________________________________________________________ SAM Registered: (Y / N) Other available contract vehicles applicable to this sources sought (GSA/FSS/NASA SEWP/ETC): __________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ SOCIO-ECONOMIC STATUS: Verified SDVOSB: (Y / N) Verified VOSB: (Y / N) Small Business: (Y / N) NOTE: Respondent claiming SDVOSB and VOSB status shall be registered and verified in the SBA Registry https://search.certifications.sba.gov/?CFID=4566&CFTOKEN=ab97b84e69c54e36-8499F018-B2BC-7203-D072223AADD0D8EE BASED ON THE RESPONSES TO THIS SOURCES SOUGHT / REQUEST FOR INFORMATION NOTICE / MARKET RESEARCH, THIS REQUIREMENT MAY BE SET-ASIDE FOR SDVOSB, VOSB, SMALL BUSINESSES OR PROCURED THROUGH FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION. CAPABILITY STATEMENT: Provide a brief capability and interest in providing the Document Destruction Services required at Providence, RI, ZIP Code 02903 with enough information to determine if your company can provide the services, the specific equipment they own or have available to perform the services, and relative size of labor force. The capabilities statement for this Sources Sought is not a Request for Quotation, Request for Proposal, or Invitation for Bid, nor does it restrict the Government to an ultimate acquisition approach. This synopsis is for information and planning purposes only and is not to be construed as a commitment by the Government. The Government will not pay for information solicited. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the evaluation. ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________________

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/04ae1a93d21646efb195cfe4bfdbf6ac/view)