---
layout: default
title: J065--REQUEST FOR INFORMATION | SUPPORT SERVICES NEEDED FOR PATIENT LIFTS (ANNUAL INSPECTIONS) - WAVERLY GLEN CEILING LIFTS (VA-26-00035567) | August 1, 2026 - July 31, 2027 Plus Four Option Years
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 116e325a23ae42b785a8d88518733dbe
---

# J065--REQUEST FOR INFORMATION | SUPPORT SERVICES NEEDED FOR PATIENT LIFTS (ANNUAL INSPECTIONS) - WAVERLY GLEN CEILING LIFTS (VA-26-00035567) | August 1, 2026 - July 31, 2027 Plus Four Option Years

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-13 12:07:00.856-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24526Q0366
- Awardee: null

## Summary

REQUEST FOR INFORMATION Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration, Network Contracting Office 5, is issuing this request for information in order to identify vendors that are interested in and capable of providing contractor services. For a contractor to provide patient lift annual inspections. For the Washington DC VA Medical Center per Scope of Work. NCO 5 is seeking responses from entities that are interested in this procurement and consider themselves to have the resources, capabilities, and qualifications necessary to provide the services required for the Washington, DC VA Medical Center. Please respond to this RFI 36C24526Q0366 with your: 1. Business name (including Unique Entity ID (SAM.gov) 2. Business type, socio-economic status (e.g., Veteran-Owned, Woman-Owned, Disadvantaged Small Business, 8(a), etc.), and 3. Person of contact (including telephone number & email address). 4. Capability statement and summary of previous experience providing these types of services for the Veterans Health Administration or other similar facilities. 5. Available contract vehicles (GSA FSS, etc.) for use by Department of VA (include applicable NAICS) 6. Brief Summary of categories of services that your company can/cannot provide. 7. Certification(s) / Licenses for meeting the local requirements to provide these services at the DC VAMC (if applicable) 8. Confirmation that your organization has the capability & expertise to meet the performance requirements while complying with applicable limitations in subcontracting by responding to the questions below with your response: a. Do you intend to self-perform this effort? b. If you are located outside the immediate area, how will you self-perform? c. Or do you intend to subcontract work under this contract? d. If you intend to subcontract work under this contract, how will you ensure compliance with the limitations on subcontracting? Response Instructions: Responses must be submitted by 4:00 PM (ET) Friday 3/27/2026, Responses to the information requested above must be submitted via email to Crystal Brown at Crystal.Brown5@va.gov. Respond: 36C24526Q0366 REQUEST FOR INFORMATION | Company Name . This request for information is for planning purposes ONLY and does not constitute a solicitation, responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The results of this market research will assist in the development of (1) the requirement, and (2) the acquisition strategy (e.g., SDVOSB/SDVOSB set-aside, small business set-aside, full and open competition, etc.). VA assumes no responsibility for any costs incurred as a result of a vendor s attendance to the Site-Visit nor the preparation of responses submitted as a result of this notice. STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) Contract Title. Patient Lift Service Contract Background. The Washington DC VA Medical Center (DC VAMC) requires support for all Ceiling Mounted Patient Lift assets used at the facility to minimize downtime for all Inpatient Wards, Imaging rooms, and Rehabilitation spaces. To continue standard operations without delays to patient care, having services provided regularly help accomplish this. This contract will significantly prevent delays in down time when devices require repairs/preventative maintenance. The proposed value of this contract is approximately $ 292,197.00 Scope of Work. The procurement shall include all parts, materials, labor, software/licenses, and resources required to maintain and utilize the ceiling mounted patient lift equipment/system to their fullest capacity onsite. This work includes Preventative Maintenance, Fixes/Repairs, Loaners, and Replacements to all items and accessories assigned to our site (DC VA 688). This is to avoid downtime to an absolute minimum and save money for the government from making purchase card orders for frequent repairs. Specifications.

4.1 Equipment Line Item Description Quantity Base Year+4 Option Years 8/1/2026 - 7/31/2031 Specific Tasks.

5.1 Delivery. All equipment shall be delivered to: Washington DC VA Medical Center 50 Irving St NW Washington, DC 20422 ATTN: VHAWAS Equipment Committee Contract VA Purchase Order (PO) number shall be included with delivery information (e.g., packing slip). Note: PO number starts with station code 688 followed by a letter and 5 digits (e.g., 688A12345) Delivery Hours: The Warehouse is open to receive deliveries Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., excluding holidays. Contractor shall coordinate delivery with the on-site Point of Contact (POC) and provide shipment tracking information. Contractor shall verify delivery date and time with the on-site POC at least 3 business days prior to scheduled delivery. Delivery is required within 90 days from award of the contract.

5.2 On Site Procedures. COVID-19 Screening: All persons entering the facility shall be subject to screening for COVID-19 per the current CDC (Center for Disease Control) guidelines. Mask Requirement: All contractors shall wear masks while indoors. Contract personnel are required to identify themselves as such to avoid creating an impression in the minds of members of the public that they are Government Officials. Time spent on site shall be for a period sufficient to complete the work set forth in the statement of work. On site visits shall be scheduled in advance with the designated on-site POC. Contractor shall check in and out with Biomedical Engineering prior to visiting the worksite for each day of work for Omnicell equipment only. The VA campus is non-smoking. Contractor personnel are required to comply with this policy. Parking: it is the responsibility of the Contractor to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. Contractor personnel s tool bags are subject to inspection. Remote access shall be scheduled in advance with the designated on-site POC. Contractor shall check in and out with Biomedical Engineering prior to accessing remotely for each day of work on the Omnicell Cabinet Servers.

5.3 Installation/Implementation. Installation/Implementation will be completed by personnel certified and knowledgeable with the designated equipment/system. Installation shall be completed within the period of performance. Contractor shall be responsible for any Personal Protection Equipment (PPE) required when performing work on site. Contractor shall submit all removable media to be used on a VA system to Biomedical Engineering for scanning with anti-virus software prior to use for Omnicell equipment only. In the case turn-in, exchange, repair, or replacement of equipment containing hard drives used by the VA, the hard drives shall be removed from the equipment and remain in possession of the VA (this includes loaned or rented equipment). The contractor shall take all necessary precautions to prevent damage to any government property. The contractor shall report any damages immediately and shall be assessed current replacement costs for property damaged by the contractor, unless corrective action is taken. Any damaged material (i.e., trees, shrubs, lawn/turf, curbs, gutters, sidewalks, etc.) will be replaced in a timely manner or corrected by the contractor with like materials, at no extra cost to the government, upon approval of the Contracting Officer.

5.4 Training. Contractor shall be responsible for providing training to clinical staff/users. Training is to be scheduled in advance with the designated on-site POC. Education shall be provided prior to and/or at time of installation. Education professional shall be certified to provide instruction on the designated equipment/system. Education curriculum must include operations and set-up, user maintenance, safety, and user troubleshooting tips.

5.5 Inspection and Acceptance. Contractor shall conduct a joint inspection with the on-site POC upon completion of installation. In the event deficiencies are identified, the contractor shall provide the date when the identified deficiencies will be addressed if not addressed on the date of installation. The Contractor shall conduct a joint inspection with the on-site POC after addressing all deficiencies. All deficiencies identified in the joint inspections shall be corrected by the Contractor prior to Government acceptance of the item. Any disputes shall be resolved by the Contracting Officer.

5.6 Deliverables. The Contractor shall provide the below documentation for the proposed equipment to VHAWASEquipmentRequests@va.gov within 10 business days of work completion: Service report. Warranty information. Electronic copy of the Operators Manual. Electronic copies of the complete technical service manuals, including troubleshooting guides, necessary diagnostic software and equipment information, schematic diagrams, and parts lists. Hours of Operation. DC VAMC s normal business hours are Monday-Friday, 8:00 am to 4:30 pm, excluding observed Federal holidays: New Year s Day Labor Day Martin Luther King s Birthday Columbus Day President s Day Veteran s Day Memorial Day Thanksgiving Day Juneteenth Christmas Day Independence Day Any other national holiday as declared by the President of the United States Period of Performance. Delivery within 90 days from contract award. Invoicing. Contractor shall submit a consolidated invoice monthly in arrears of the month for which services are being billed. One all-inclusive monthly invoice shall be provided, which shall contain an invoice number, contract number, obligations order number, and an itemized list of services provided. An acceptable master (all-inclusive) itemized list of services shall be agreed to between the Contractor and the COR/using service POC prior to submission of the first invoice. All invoices from the contractor shall be submitted electronically in accordance with VAAR Clause 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests. VA s Electronic Invoice Presentment and Payment System (IPPS) The VA Financial Services Center (FSC) uses a third-party contractor, Tungsten, to transition vendors from paper to electronic invoice submission. Please go to this website to begin submitting electronic invoices, free of charge: http://www.tungsten-network.com/US/en/veterans-affairs/. More information on the VA FSC is available at: http://www.fsc.va.gov/einvoice.asp. Vendor e-Invoice Set-Up Information: To begin submitting your electronic invoices to the VA FSC for payment processing, free of charge, please contact Tungsten at the below phone number or email address: Tungsten e-Invoice Setup Information: 1-877-489-6135 Tungsten e-Invoice Email: VA.Registration@Tungsten-Network.com If you have a question about the e-invoicing program or Tungsten, please contact the FSC at the below phone number email address. FSC e-Invoice Contact Information: 1-877-353-9791 FSC e-Invoice Email: vafsccshd@va.gov Contract Type. Fixed-PriceContract Anticipated Evaluation Factors when RFQ is issued. Technical Capabilities Past Performance Quality Price

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Crystal Brown
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Crystal.Brown5@va.gov
  - Phone: NONE

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/116e325a23ae42b785a8d88518733dbe/view)