---
layout: default
title: Side Sonar Scan of USCG 87' Patrol Boat
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: c61b4cba33604bf28b9dfd0b0509f4d4
---

# Side Sonar Scan of USCG 87' Patrol Boat

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 02:45:47.872-04
- Solicitation Number: 52155PR260000172

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial services prepared in accordance with FAR Part 12, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Quotes are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Offers will be evaluated using the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable approach (LPTA). Award will be made to the responsible offeror who provides a technically acceptable quote at the lowest evaluated price. The U.S. Coast Guard (USCG) has a requirement for a qualified contractor to perform a complete side scan sonar inspection of the underwater hull of the 87' U.S. Coast Guard Cutter in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW) provided as an attachment to this solicitation. CLIN 0001 – Side Scan Sonar Hull Inspection Service – 1 Job Performance of requirements will be at: USCG Base Ketchikan 1300 Stedman St. Ketchikan, AK 99901 Applicable Provisions and Clauses: Provisions FAR 52.212-1 (DEVIATION), Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. Addenda to this provision are: Offeror shall provide a brief technical narrative describing their approach to meeting the SOW requirements, including the type of side scan sonar equipment to be used. Offeror shall provide no more than a 3-page capability document showing past experience on performing similar underwater hull inspection services. Offeror shall provide a firm-fixed-price for CLIN 0001. 52.216-1 Type of Contract (Deviation) The Government contemplates award of a firm fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. (End of provision) 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law (Deviation) (a) The Government will not enter into a contract with any corporation that— (1) Has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless an agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and made a determination that suspension or debarment is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government; or (2) Was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction, unless an agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and made a determination that this action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. (b) representation of offeror is included in the attached provisions and clauses 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation (Jan 2024) 52.204-7 System For Award Management – Registration (Deviation) 52.225-25 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran-Representation and Certifications 52.252-1 Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 Clauses 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 52.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation) 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) 52.204-13 System for Award Management – Maintenance (Deviation) 52.209-10 – Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Deviation) 52.219-6 – Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Deviation) 52.219-14 – Limitations on Subcontracting (Deviation) 52.222-3 – Convict Labor (Deviation) 52.222-36 – Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Deviation) 52.222-41 – Service Contract Labor Standards (Deviation) 52.222-42 – Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014) 52.222-50 – Combating Trafficking in Persons (Deviation) 52.222-62 – Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Deviation) 52.226-8 – Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (May 2014) 52.232-40 – Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) 52.232-90 – Fast Payment Procedure (Deviation) 52.233-1 – Disputes (Deviation) 52.233-3 – Protest After Award (Deviation) 52.233-4 – Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Deviation) 52.240-91 – Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (Deviation) 52.244-6 – Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation) Submission and Contact Information: Quotes shall be submitted via email to Benjamin Reedy at Benjamin.R.Reedy@uscg.mil. All contractual and technical questions must be submitted via email by 13APR26 @ 8:00 AM AKDT, to Benjamin Reedy at the email address above to be considered. Offeror shall provide confirmation of ability to meet the desired start date of 11MAY26, OR provide an alternative next closest period for the Government to consider.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Contracting Officer - Benjamin Reedy
  - Email: benjamin.r.reedy@uscg.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this solicitation. CLIN 0001 – Side Scan Sonar Hull Inspection Service – 1 Job Performance of requirements will be at: USCG Base Ketchikan 1300 Stedman St. Ketchikan, AK 99901 Applicable Provisions and Clauses: Provisions FAR 52.212-1 (DEVIATION), Instructions to Offerors—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. Addenda to this provision are: Offeror shall provide a brief technical narrative describing their approach to meeting the SOW requirements, including the type of side scan sonar equipment to be used. Offeror shall provide no more than a 3-page capability document showing past experience on performing similar underwater hull inspection services. Offeror shall provide a firm-fixed-price for CLIN 0001. 52.216-1 Type of Contract (Deviation) The Government contemplates award of a firm fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. (End of provision) 52.209-11 Representation by Corporations Regarding Delinquent Tax Liability or a Felony Conviction under any Federal Law (Deviation) (a) The Government will not enter into a contract with any corporation that— (1) Has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless an agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and made a determination that suspension or debarment is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government; or (2) Was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction, unless an agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and made a determination that this action is not necessary to protect the interests of the Government. (b) representation of offeror is included in the attached provisions and clauses 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation (Jan 2024) 52.204-7 System For Award Management – Registration (Deviation) 52.225-25 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities Engaging in Certain Activities or Transactions Relating to Iran-Representation and Certifications 52.252-1 Provisions Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) This solicitation incorporates one or more solicitation provisions by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. The offeror is cautioned that the listed provisions may include blocks that must be completed by the offeror and submitted with its quotation or offer. In lieu of submitting the full text of those provisions, the offeror may identify the provision by paragraph identifier and provide the appropriate information with its quotation or offer. Also, the full text of a solicitation provision may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 Clauses 52.252-2 Clauses Incorporated by Reference (Feb 1998) This contract incorporates one or more clauses by reference, with the same force and effect as if they were given in full text. Upon request, the Contracting Officer will make their full text available. Also, the full text of a clause may be accessed electronically at this/these address(es): https://www.acquisition.gov/far-overhaul/far-part-deviation-guide/far-overhaul-part-52 52.232-39 Unenforceability of Unauthorized Obligations 52.212-4 Terms and Conditions—Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation) 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements (Jan 2017) 52.204-13 System for Award Management – Maintenance (Deviation) 52.209-10 – Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations (Deviation) 52.219-6 – Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside (Deviation) 52.219-14 – Limitations on Subcontracting (Deviation) 52.222-3 – Convict Labor (Deviation) 52.222-36 – Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities (Deviation) 52.222-41 – Service Contract Labor Standards (Deviation) 52.222-42 – Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires (May 2014) 52.222-50 – Combating Trafficking in Persons (Deviation) 52.222-62 – Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 (Deviation) 52.226-8 – Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving (May 2014) 52.232-40 – Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (Mar 2023) 52.232-90 – Fast Payment Procedure (Deviation) 52.233-1 – Disputes (Deviation) 52.233-3 – Protest After Award (Deviation) 52.233-4 – Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim (Deviation) 52.240-91 – Security Prohibitions and Exclusions (Deviation) 52.244-6 – Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Deviation) Submission and Contact Information: Quotes shall be submitted via email to Benjamin Reedy at Benjamin.R.Reedy@uscg.mil. All contractual and technical questions must be submitted via email by 13APR26 @ 8:00 AM AKDT, to Benjamin Reedy at the email address above to be considered. Offeror shall provide confirmation of ability to meet the desired start date of 11MAY26, OR provide an alternative next closest period for the Government to consider

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c61b4cba33604bf28b9dfd0b0509f4d4/view)