---
layout: default
title: RFI CPE CBRND Seeking Advanced Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry Systems
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: b5f625d1a57a4b44ae4fb62af2a21bf0
---

# RFI CPE CBRND Seeking Advanced Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry Systems

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-13 11:29:45.403-04
- Solicitation Number: W911SR-CPE-CBRND-CALS-GCMS-2026

## Summary

Request for Information: CPE CBRND Seeking Advanced Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry Systems THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY – This RFI is issued solely for market research, information, and planning purposes – it does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP)/Request for Quote (RFQ) or a promise to issue an RFP/RFQ in the future. Solicitations are not available at this time. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. This notice does not constitute a commitment by the United States Government (USG) to contract for any supply or service whatsoever. All information submitted in response to this announcement is voluntary; the USG will not pay for information requested nor will it compensate any respondent for any cost incurred in developing information provided to the USG. Not responding to this RFI does not preclude participation in any future RFP/RFQ, if any is issued. The Capability Program Executive for Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear Defense’s (CPE CBRND) Joint Project Manager for CBRN Integrated Early Warning (JPM CBRN IEW), located at Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD, is conducting market research to identify advanced analyzers and instruments capable of replacing existing chemical and biological detection equipment within a Mobile Laboratory environment. The purpose of this RFI is to gather information on state-of-the-art technologies in a bench-top configuration that can serve as replacements for current Gas Chromatography-Mass Spectrometry (GCMS) systems. Responses to this RFI are requested no later than Friday, 8 May 2026 REQUIREMENTS: The desired GCMS system must meet the following capabilities: Rapid Detection and Identification: Ability to quickly detect and identify chemical warfare agents (CWA), toxic industrial chemicals (TIC), and toxic industrial materials (TIM)” - (note the ability to collect and analyze samples in vapor, solid, liquid, and [suspended] aerosol forms of matter – spanning high volatility [e.g. hydrogen cyanide] and low volatility [VX]) Complex Sample Analysis: Capable of analyzing and detecting targets within complex environmental samples, including solids, liquids, and aerosols. Sensitivity and Specificity: High sensitivity and specificity for accurate identification. Quantification: Ability to quantify the concentration of agents or compounds present. Batch Processing: Support for batch analysis capabilities. Auto Calibration: Automated calibration functionality. Operating System Compatibility: Must be compatible with Windows 10 or newer operating systems. Longevity: Supportable for a minimum of seven (7) years. REQUESTED INFORMATION JPM CBRN IEW requests that respondents submit an information paper addressing the following questionnaire: Describe the product's technical capabilities, including the range of conditions in which it can operate. How is the product supported and maintained? Describe the company's capabilities and manufacturing readiness level (MRL). How is the company structured to support the product in both the near and long term? What is the maturity level of the instrument? Is it in early development, late development, production, or fielded with any Services? Describe the product's ability to interface with other equipment. What design considerations are necessary to integrate the product into a system of systems? Indicate whether integration into a Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) is necessary. Specify the operating system used by the product. What is the lead time for the product? What are the company's production capabilities and limitations? Consumables and Ancillary Equipment: Identify all consumables and ancillary equipment required to support the instrument, including those manufactured by third-party vendors. How long will the product be available for purchase? How long will the product be supported? Specify how many of the products have been sold, addressing market share considerations and the stability of the product line. What is the instrument's level of sensitivity for identifying/detecting the targets mentioned above? Describe the operator interface, including software, ease of use, data capture, interpretation, and export capabilities. Fully identify all consumable materials and ancillary equipment required to support the instrument, even if manufactured by third-party vendors. Provide the product’s size (LxWxH), weight (lbs.), and power requirement (Watts). Highlight any additional capabilities or add-ons (e.g., thermal desorption). While not required, these will be considered. Describe how the system would address existing and unknown threat chemicals. Identify maintenance and calibration requirements. Provide information on the number of proposed systems currently in the field and the expected duration of support for the product, including obsolescence considerations. SUBMISSION GUIDANCE: Please follow the steps below to submit your RFI response via CPE CBRND’s Joint Enterprise Technology Tool (JETT): Visit the JETT homepage (https://jacks.jpeocbrnd.army.mil/JETT) and select the option to “Respond to an RFI.” Complete the contact form, ensuring you enter the correct RFI number for this opportunity in the "RFI#" field to accurately associate your submission with this opportunity. Please omit dashes when entering the RFI number. Follow the email instructions provided to verify your submission and gain access to the platform. Complete any relevant parts of the online survey form and upload a copy of your RFI response, ensuring that you address all the questions and requirements outlined above. Responses are requested no later than Friday, 8 May 2026. MINIMUM SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS: Responses should include: Identifier: CALS GCMS 2026. Company Information: Name, address, telephone number, website (if available). Business Type: Indicate whether the company is large or small. If self-identified as a small business, provide the basis for that determination. Point of Contact: Name, telephone number, and email address of a representative authorized to respond to questions regarding this notice. Completed Questionnaire: Address all questions outlined in the "Requested Information" section. Supporting Materials: Include any relevant test reports, manuals, brochures, information papers, etc.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Valerie Holden-Stewart
  - Email: valerie.d.holden-stewart.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: MinhChau Nguyen
  - Email: minhchau.t.nguyen4.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/b5f625d1a57a4b44ae4fb62af2a21bf0/view)