---
layout: default
title: PKB Catholic Religious Education Coordinator (Service)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 11ae7d948fc341b387c2fbc1e72db856
---

# PKB Catholic Religious Education Coordinator (Service)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-06 13:24:33.549-04
- Solicitation Number: FA461326Q1023

## Summary

Amendment 4: Updated Attachment 5 - Pricing Sheet to update CLIN 0006 to 26 weeks and correct the formula to mutliple 26 weeks times the dollar amount for the 52.217-8 extension. Amendment 3: Updated Attachment 5 - Pricing Sheet to update clause to 52.217-8. Also clarified Option 52.217-8 extension unit pricing must remain the same as option year 4. Amendment 2: Updated Attachment 1 - Provisions and Clauses to include DFARS 252.219-7012 Competition for Religious-Related Services Amendment 1: Questions and answers added as attachment 8. Quotes due date updated from 3 April 2026 at 10:00 AM Mountain Standard Time (MST) to 7 April 2026 at 10:00 AM Mountain Standard Time (MST) Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Solicitation Number: FA461326Q1023 Purchase Description: Catholic Religious Education Coordinator This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation/notice; responses/quotes are being requested, further written solicitation will not be issued. The 90th Contracting Squadron is issuing this combined synopsis/solicitation, FA461325Q1023, as a Request for Quote using FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Item, & FAR Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 813110, with a small business size standard of $13M. This solicitation will be posted to the SAM.gov web-site as Full and Open Competition. The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed-Price Commercial Award. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAC) 2025-06 effective 10/01/2025, Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement Change 11/10/2025 effective 11/10/2025 and Department of the Air Force Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement Change 10/16/2024 effective 10/16/2024. DESCRIPTION OF ITEMS/SERVICES: The Catholic Religious Education (RE) Coordinator shall develop, execute and manage the F. E. Warren Catholic RE program under the guidance of the Catholic Priest. The RE Coordinator shall coordinate and ensure catechists are trained for Archdiocese of the Military Services (AMS) certification and to prepare and coordinate the entire youth and adult catechetical programs including sacramental preparation. The RE Coordinator is the Catholic RE Volunteer Supervisor and works with the Chaplain Corps Volunteer Program Manager to execute the Catholic RE Volunteer Program. All applicable standards are listed in the PWS and its attachments. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Francis E. Warren AFB, WY 82005 Attachments: Attachment 1 – Provisions and Clauses Attachment 2 – Supplemental Clauses Attachment 3 – Response Form Attachment 4 – Wage Determination Attachment 5 – Pricing Sheet Attachment 6 – 90 MW Safety Contractor Guide Attachment 7 – CREC PWS Attachment 8 - Questions and Answers QUESTIONS DUE Questions shall be received no later than 24 March 2026 at 10:00 AM MST Mountain Standard Time (MST). Forward responses by e-mail to shane.yurkus@us.af.mil and amber.wiltanger@us.af.mil. RESPONSES/QUOTES Responses/quotes MUST be received no later than 7 April 2026 at 10:00 AM Mountain Standard Time (MST). Forward responses by e-mail to shane.yurkus@us.af.mil and amber.wiltanger@us.af.mil. This RFQ is not authorization to begin performance and in no way obligates the Government for any costs incurred by the contractor for this requirement. The Government reserves the right not to award a contract in response to this RFQ. Prior to commencement of any activities associated with performance of this requirement, the Government will issue a written directive or contractual document signed by the Contracting Officer with appropriate consideration established. Per FAR Subpart 4.1102, offerors are required to be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) at the time an offer is submitted. Failure to do so will result in the offer being deemed ineligible for award. Pricing must include all work to performed IAW the PWS to include all outyear pricing CLIN 0001: Install Quantity: 52 Units of Issue: Week Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 1001: Reoccurring Monthly Services Quantity: 52 Units of Issue: Week Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 2001: Reoccurring Monthly Services Quantity: 52 Units of Issue: Week Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 3001: Reoccurring Monthly Services Quantity: 52 Units of Issue: Week Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 4001: Reoccurring Monthly Services Quantity: 52 Units of Issue: Week Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 5001: Reoccurring Monthly Services Quantity: 26 Units of Issue: Week Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS: FAR 52.212-1 (ADDENDUM) ADDITIONAL INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-1 is hereby tailored as follows: (1) Any inconsistency between FAR Provision 52.212-1 and the Addendum to FAR 52.212-1 shall be solved by giving precedence to the Addendum to FAR 52.212-1. (2) After receipt of quotes the Government may, with or without notice, negotiate with and, if desired, seek quote revisions from as many or as few quoters as it, in its discretion, deems appropriate. (3) The term “offeror” or “offer” as used in FAR 52.212-1 shall be understood to mean “quoter” and “quote,” respectively. Further, the term “award” shall be understood to describe the Government’s issuance of an order. (4) The Government will consider all quotes that are timely received and may consider late quotes. Failure of a quote to address any items required in the submission package may make a quote unacceptable. (5) Paragraph (b) of FAR Provision 52.212-1, Submission of Offers, is amended as follows: (n) In addition to the quote submission requirements stated in FAR provision 52.212-1, quoters shall provide the following, as part of the quote submission package, no later than the required time and date for quote submission: (1) Price quote which identifies the requested service to include base year and all options (2) Total Firm Fixed price (3) Any Discount Terms (4) Ability to meet the requested Period of Performance (5) Technical Submission Requirements (specified in FAR 52.212-2 below) (6) Cage Code and/or Unique Entity ID (7) Cover page to include: (i) Company Name (ii) Physical Address (iii) Point of Contact (iv) Phone number (v) Email address (vi) Business Type (8) Completed attachment 3 – response form FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION -- COMMERCIAL ITEMS (NOV 2021) FAR 52.212-2 is hereby tailored as follows: (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government representing the best value with price and other factors considered. Government has determined that best value is expected to result from selection of the technically acceptable offer with the lowest Total Evaluated Price (TEP); therefore, Government will evaluate offers based on lowest price technically acceptable (LPTA). Award will be made on the basis of the lowest TEP of offerors meeting or exceeding the acceptability standards for non-price factors. Quotes that do not include all requested information in FAR 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 will be considered nonresponsive. The following factor(s) shall be used to evaluate offers: (i) Technical capability: 1. Must currently possess the Archdiocese for the Military Service (AMS) Catechist Certificate (ii) Past Experience: N/A (iv) Price: Award will be made to the lowest priced technically acceptable. No additional information from the offeror will be required if the price is based on adequate price competition. In the event adequate price competition does not exist, the contracting officer will obtain information from the offeror to the extent required to determine the reasonableness of the offered prices. (b) The Government will evaluate quotes in accordance with the following evaluation criteria: (i) The Government will evaluate quotes for acceptability but will not rank the quotes by non-price factors. If the Government receives fewer than three (3) quotes, all quotes will be evaluated for Technical Acceptability. If the Government receives more than three (3) quotes, the Government will only select the three (3) lowest priced quotes to evaluate for Technical Acceptability. The Government reserves the right to evaluate additional quotes for technical acceptability if it is in the Government’s best interest to do so. (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of Provision)

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: 1st Lt Shane Yurkus
  - Email: shane.yurkus@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077734750
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Mrs. Amber Wiltanger
  - Email: amber.wiltanger@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 3077734896

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Pricing Sheet to update CLIN 0006 to 26 weeks and correct the formula to mutliple 26 weeks times the dollar amount for the 52.217-8 extension. Amendment 3: Updated Attachment 5 - Pricing Sheet to update clause to 52.217-8. Also clarified Option 52.217-8 extension unit pricing must remain the same as option year 4. Amendment 2: Updated Attachment 1 - Provisions and Clauses to include DFARS 252.219-7012 Competition for Religious-Related Services Amendment 1: Questions and answers added as attachment 8. Quotes due date updated from 3 April 2026 at 10:00 AM Mountain Standard Time (MST) to 7 April 2026 at 10:00 AM Mountain Standard Time (MST) Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Solicitation Number: FA461326Q1023 Purchase Description: Catholic Religious Education Coordinator This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation/notice; responses/quotes are being requested, further written solicitation will not be issued. The 90th Contracting Squadron is issuing this combined synopsis/solicitation, FA461325Q1023, as a Request for Quote using FAR Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Item, & FAR Part 13, Simplified Acquisition Procedures. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 813110, with a small business size standard of $13M. This solicitation will be posted to the SAM.gov web-site as Full and Open Competition. The Government intends to award a Firm Fixed-Price Commercial Award. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAC) 2025-06 effective 10/01/2025, Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement Change 11/10/2025 effective 11/10/2025 and Department of the Air Force Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement Change 10/16/2024 effective 10/16/2024. DESCRIPTION OF ITEMS/SERVICES: The Catholic Religious Education (RE) Coordinator shall develop, execute and manage the F. E. Warren Catholic RE program under the guidance of the Catholic Priest. The RE Coordinator shall coordinate and ensure catechists are trained for Archdiocese of the Military Services (AMS) certification and to prepare and coordinate the entire youth and adult catechetical programs including sacramental preparation. The RE Coordinator is the Catholic RE Volunteer Supervisor and works with the Chaplain Corps Volunteer Program Manager to execute the Catholic RE Volunteer Program. All applicable standards are listed in the PWS and its attachments. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Francis E. Warren AFB, WY 82005 Attachments: Attachment 1 – Provisions and Clauses Attachment 2 – Supplemental Clauses Attachment 3 – Response Form Attachment 4 – Wage Determination Attachment 5 – Pricing Sheet Attachment 6 – 90 MW Safety Contractor Guide Attachment 7 – CREC PWS Attachment 8 - Questions and Answers QUESTIONS DUE Questions shall be received no later than 24 March 2026 at 10:00 AM MST Mountain Standard Time (MST). Forward responses by e-mail to shane.yurkus@us.af.mil and amber.wiltanger@us.af.mil. RESPONSES/QUOTES Responses/quotes MUST be received no later than 7 April 2026 at 10:00 AM Mountain Standard Time (MST). Forward responses by e-mail to shane.yurkus@us.af.mil and amber.wiltanger@us.af.mil. This RFQ is not authorization to begin performance and in no way obligates the Government for any costs incurred by the contractor for this requirement. The Government reserves the right not to award a contract in response to this RFQ. Prior to commencement of any activities associated with performance of this requirement, the Government will issue a written directive or contractual document signed by the Contracting Officer with appropriate consideration established. Per FAR Subpart 4.1102, offerors are required to be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) at the time an offer is submitted. Failure to do so will result in the offer being deemed ineligible for award. Pricing must include all work to performed IAW the PWS to include all outyear pricing CLIN 0001: Install Quantity: 52 Units of Issue: Week Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 1001: Reoccurring Monthly Services Quantity: 52 Units of Issue: Week Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 2001: Reoccurring Monthly Services Quantity: 52 Units of Issue: Week Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 3001: Reoccurring Monthly Services Quantity: 52 Units of Issue: Week Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 4001: Reoccurring Monthly Services Quantity: 52 Units of Issue: Week Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ CLIN 5001: Reoccurring Monthly Services Quantity: 26 Units of Issue: Week Unit Price: $_____________ Extended Price (Quantity X Unit Price): $________________ INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS: FAR 52.212-1 (ADDENDUM) ADDITIONAL INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS--COMMERCIAL ITEMS (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-1 is hereby tailored as follows: (1) Any inconsistency between FAR Provision 52.212-1 and the Addendum to FAR 52.212-1 shall be solved by giving precedence to the Addendum to FAR 52.212-1. (2) After receipt of quotes the Government may, with or without notice, negotiate with and, if desired, seek quote revisions from as many or as few quoters as it, in its discretion, deems appropriate. (3) The term “offeror” or “offer” as used in FAR 52.212-1 shall be understood to mean “quoter” and “quote,” respectively. Further, the term “award” shall be understood to describe the Government’s issuance of an order. (4) The Government will consider all quotes that are timely received and may consider late quotes. Failure of a quote to address any items required in the submission package may make a quote unacceptable. (5) Paragraph (b) of FAR Provision 52.212-1, Submission of Offers, is amended as follows: (n) In addition to the quote submission requirements stated in FAR provision 52.212-1, quoters shall provide the following, as part of the quote submission package, no later than the required time and date for quote submission: (1) Price quote which identifies the requested service to include base year and all options (2) Total Firm Fixed price (3) Any Discount Terms (4) Ability to meet the requested Period of Performance (5) Technical Submission Requirements (specified in FAR 52.212-2 below) (6) Cage Code and/or Unique Entity ID (7) Cover page to include: (i) Company Name (ii) Physical Address (iii) Point of Contact (iv) Phone number (v) Email address (vi) Business Type (8) Completed attachment 3 – response form FAR 52.212-2 EVALUATION -- COMMERCIAL ITEMS (NOV 2021) FAR 52.212-2 is hereby tailored as follows: (a) The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government representing the best value with price and other factors considered. Government has determined that best value is expected to result from selection of the technically acceptable offer with the lowest Total Evaluated Price (TEP); therefore, Government will evaluate offers based on lowest price technically acceptable (LPTA). Award will be made on the basis of the lowest TEP of offerors meeting or exceeding the acceptability standards for non-price factors. Quotes that do not include all requested information in FAR 52.212-1 and 52.212-2 will be considered nonresponsive. The following factor(s) shall be used to evaluate offers: (i) Technical capability: 1. Must currently possess the Archdiocese for the Military Service (AMS) Catechist Certificate (ii) Past Experience: N/A (iv) Price: Award will be made to the lowest priced technically acceptable. No additional information from the offeror will be required if the price is based on adequate price competition. In the event adequate price competition does not exist, the contracting officer will obtain information from the offeror to the extent required to determine the reasonableness of the offered prices. (b) The Government will evaluate quotes in accordance with the following evaluation criteria: (i) The Government will evaluate quotes for acceptability but will not rank the quotes by non-price factors. If the Government receives fewer than three (3) quotes, all quotes will be evaluated for Technical Acceptability. If the Government receives more than three (3) quotes, the Government will only select the three (3) lowest priced quotes to evaluate for Technical Acceptability. The Government reserves the right to evaluate additional quotes for technical acceptability if it is in the Government’s best interest to do so. (c) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (End of Provision)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/11ae7d948fc341b387c2fbc1e72db856/view)