---
layout: default
title: W56HZV23D0001 ATD SUPPORT RFI
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: f52170af511541d49fcb5d7853243581
---

# W56HZV23D0001 ATD SUPPORT RFI

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-03 10:40:41.331-04
- Solicitation Number: W56HZV23D0001_ATD_SUPPORT_RFI

## Summary

Synopsis: NOTE: THIS IS A REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI). The information requested in this announcement is being sought for informational planning purposes only and does not constitute a request for proposal, an announcement of a forthcoming solicitation or a commitment by the Government in any way. Also, it is not a request seeking contractors interested in being placed on a solicitation mailing list. All information is to be furnished at no cost or obligation to the Government and is subject to change at any time. Response to this request for information is voluntary and no reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this market survey. Data submitted in response to this market survey will not be returned. There is no solicitation available at this time. Description: The Ground Vehicle System Center (GVSC) | Ground Vehicle Survivability & Protection (GVSP) and Army Contracting Command (ACC) Detroit Arsenal (DTA) are seeking information to assess market availability and sourcing of Anthropomorphic Test Device (ATD) Support. The support involves maintenance, calibration, repairs, replacement parts, and certification of ATDs. Questions: Respondents are requested to provide the following information: 1. Company Name, mailing address, CAGE Code, website, point of contact, phone number, and email address. 2. Business size 3. Can you repair and calibrate (ISO 17025 Accredited) Hybrid-III load cells such as M/N 1794AJD14, M/N4752JD14? 4. Can you provide dummy parts (e.g. skins, femurs, tibias, lumbars) for a Hybrid-III 5th, 50th, and 95th Anthropomorphic Test Device (ATD)? 5. Dummy parts provided need to be compatible with DTS, Inc. SLICE data acquisition system equipment. 6. Can you provide software support to operate ATD calibration fixtures to certify ATDs to FMVSS specifications? RESPONSES DUE: Responses are due no later than 5:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on 17 April 2026. RESPONSE FORMATS: Responses must be submitted electronically by email to Christopher Haferman at christopher.a.haferman.civ@army.mil and Derek Ghilardi at derek.j.ghilardi.civ@army.mil. Response shall be provided in Microsoft Word 2010 or later, or compatible with Adobe Acrobat PDF Reader 9.0 or earlier. Responses shall be limited to 3 pages, text in Times New Roman 12 pitch, with one-inch margins. Only one response per company will be reviewed. The subject line shall include the Company Name and “Response to Request for Information - Anthropomorphic Test Device Support.” Responses shall include the following: Cage Code: Company Name: Mailing Address: Company Website: Location of Facilities: Point of Contact: Phone Number: Fax Number: Email: Company Business Size: Active System for Acquisition Management (SAM) Information: Contracting Office Address: 6501 EAST 11 MILE ROAD Warren, Michigan 48397-5000 United States Any technical questions concerning this RFI shall be directed to Chris Haferman, christopher.a.haferman.civ@army.mil. Please include name, phone number and email address for a response. Questions will be answered via email. DISCLAIMER: GENERAL INFORMATION: The U.S. Government appreciates the time and effort taken to respond to this survey. Please note, all questions pertaining to this survey will be answered at the discretion of the Government. Please note that any information you submit in response to this questionnaire that is protected by law will not be released. Any responses to this request for information are subject to the following: Clearly and conspicuously mark qualifying data with the restrictive legend (all caps) "PROPRIETARY" with any explanatory text, so that the U.S. Government is clearly notified of what data needs to be appropriately protected. In marking such data, please take care to mark only those portions of the data or materials that are truly proprietary (over breadth in marking inappropriate data as "PROPRIETARY" may diminish or eliminate the usefulness of your response - see item 6 below). Use circling, underscoring, highlighting or any other appropriate means to indicate those portions of a single page which are to be protected. The U.S. Government is not obligated to protect unmarked data. Additionally, marked data that is already in the public domain or in the possession of the U.S. Government or third parties, or is afterward placed into the public domain by the owner or another party through no fault of the U.S. Government will not be protected once in the public domain. Data already in the possession of the U.S. Government will be protected in accordance with the U.S. Government's rights in the data. Proprietary data transmitted electronically, whether by physical media or not, whether by the respondent or by the U.S. Government, shall contain the "PROPRIETARY" legend, with any explanatory text, on both the cover of the transmittal e-mail and at the beginning of the file itself. Where appropriate for only portions of an electronic file, use the restrictive legends 'PROPRIETARY PORTION BEGINS:" and "PROPRIETARY PORTION ENDS." In any reproductions of technical data or any portions thereof subject to asserted restrictions, the U.S. Government shall also reproduce the asserted restriction legend and any explanatory text. The U.S. Government sometimes uses support contractors in evaluating responses. Consequently, responses that contain proprietary information may receive only limited or no consideration since the Respondent's marking of data as "PROPRIETARY" will preclude disclosure of same outside the U.S. Government and therefore will preclude disclosure to these support contractors assisting the evaluation effort. The U.S. Government will use its best efforts to evaluate those responses that contain proprietary information without using support contractors consistent with the resources available. This market survey is for informational purposes only. This is not a request for proposal, does not constitute a solicitation, and shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government. Responses in any form are not considered offers and the Government is under no obligation to award a contract as a result of this announcement. Funds are NOT available to pay for preparation of responses to this announcement. Any information submitted by respondents to this technical description is strictly voluntary. Respondents WILL NOT be notified regarding information obtained related to this market survey. If a solicitation is issued, it will be posted on www.sam.gov. It is the respondent's responsibility to monitor these sites for the release of any synopsis or solicitation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Christopher Haferman
  - Email: christopher.a.haferman.civ@army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Derek Ghilardi
  - Email: derek.j.ghilardi.civ@army.mil

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/f52170af511541d49fcb5d7853243581/view)