---
layout: default
title: J041--Replace Hydronic Cooling Coil
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 58e6918ad3384c73b69ce2cd641af50e
---

# J041--Replace Hydronic Cooling Coil

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-12 15:35:48.345-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25626Q0507
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice - RFI Attachment Sources Sought Notice Page 1 or 4 DISCLAIMER: THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTE, PROPOSAL, OR BID. This notice is not a solicitation as defined by FAR 2.101, therefore it shall not be construed as a commitment by the government to enter into a contract, nor does it restrict the government to an acquisition approach. All information contained in this Request for Information (RFI) is preliminary as well as subject to amendment and is in no way binding on the government. Information submitted in response to this notice is voluntary; the government will not pay for information requested nor will it compensate any respondent for any cost incurred in developing information provided to the government. The government is requesting that restrictive or proprietary markings not be used in response to this notice. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized in the Federal Contract Opportunities website or General Services Administration (GSA). It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this RFI. 1. Title: Replace Hydronic Cooling Coil for AHU-W B-110 2. Purpose: The purpose of this RFI is to identify potential sources which will aid in defining the procurement strategy for example, set-aside, sole source, or unrestricted for a solicitation the VA intends on issuing shortly as follows: The Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center (MEDVAMC) located in Houston; Texas has a requirement to replace one hydronic coil for AHU-W at building B-110 as detailed in the attached PWS. The Small Business Administration (SBA) size standard for the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 238220 Plumbing, Heating, and Air-Conditioning Contracts with a size standard of $19M. Product Supply Code (PSC) J041 Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment Refrigeration, Air Conditioning, and Air Circulating Equipment. The anticipated type of contract shall be a Single Award, Firm Fixed Price. 3. Responses Requested: The following questions must be answered in response to this RFI. Answers that are not provided shall be considered non-responsive to the RFI: Name of potential Contractor that possess the capability to fulfill this requirement. Contractors shall also provide the following: Point(s) of contact name: _______________________________________________ Address: ____________________________________________________ Telephone number: ___________________________________________ Email address: _______________________________________________ UEI #: ____________________________________ CAGE Code: _______________________________ Is your company considered a small business concern, SB, SDVOSB, VOSB, HUBZone, or 8A concern, with the requisite NAICS code identified above? Can your company provide training as outlined in the attached PWS? Is your company available under any Government Wide Agency Contract (GWAC), Solutions for Enterprise-Wide Procurement (SEWP), National Acquisition Center (NAC), GSA Schedule, Federal Supply Schedule (FSS), Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ), and/or Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA)? 4. Opportunity/Market Pricing: The MEDVAMC is seeking information from potential vendors on their ability to provide the required items/equipment. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. Small Business concerns are encouraged to provide responses to this RFI in order to assist the MEDVAMC in determining potential levels of competition and general market pricing available in the industry. Vendors are requested to submit estimated market research pricing along with their responses to the above. The estimated pricing will be considered when determining the procurement strategy for the forthcoming solicitation. 5. RFI responses are due by 3:00pm Central Time by close date listed above; there is no page limitation. The subject line shall reference that Request for Information (RFI) number above. NO SOLICITATION EXISTS AT THIS TIME. Please provide the information you deem relevant in order to respond to the specific inquiries of the RFI. Information provided will be used solely by MEDVAMC as Market Research and will not be released outside of the MEDVAMC Purchasing and Contracting Team. If no responses to this notice are received from an authorized distributor of the cited brand name items listed above, then this action will be sole sourced to the manufacturer. 6. Contact Information: Contract Specialist Robert (Dustan) Arabie robert.arabie@va.gov Your response to this notice is greatly appreciated!

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Robert (Dustan) Arabie
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: robert.arabie@va.gov
  - Phone: 713-791-1414

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: Sought Notice Page 1 or 4 DISCLAIMER: THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR QUOTE, PROPOSAL, OR BID. This notice is not a solicitation as defined by FAR 2.101, therefore it shall not be construed as a commitment by the government to enter into a contract, nor does it restrict the government to an acquisition approach. All information contained in this Request for Information (RFI) is preliminary as well as subject to amendment and is in no way binding on the government. Information submitted in response to this notice is voluntary; the government will not pay for information requested nor will it compensate any respondent for any cost incurred in developing information provided to the government. The government is requesting that restrictive or proprietary markings not be used in response to this notice. If a solicitation is released, it will be synopsized in the Federal Contract Opportunities website or General Services Administration (GSA). It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor these sites for additional information pertaining to this RFI. 1. Title: Replace Hydronic Cooling Coil for AHU-W B-110 2. Purpose: The purpose of this RFI is to identify potential sources which will aid in defining the procurement strategy for example, set-aside, sole source, or unrestricted for a solicitation the VA intends on issuing shortly as follows: The Michael E. DeBakey VA Medical Center (MEDVAMC) located in Houston; Texas has a requirement to replace one hydronic coil for AHU-W at building B-110 as detailed in the attached PWS. The Small Business Administration (SBA) size standard for the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code is 238220 Plumbing, Heating, and Air-Conditioning Contracts with a size standard of $19M. Product Supply Code (PSC) J041 Maintenance, Repair, and Rebuilding of Equipment Refrigeration, Air Conditioning, and Air Circulating Equipment. The anticipated type of contract shall be a Single Award, Firm Fixed Price. 3. Responses Requested: The following questions must be answered in response to this RFI. Answers that are not provided shall be considered non-responsive to the RFI: Name of potential Contractor that possess the capability to fulfill this requirement. Contractors shall also provide the following: Point(s) of contact name: _______________________________________________ Address: ____________________________________________________ Telephone number: ___________________________________________ Email address: _______________________________________________ UEI #: ____________________________________ CAGE Code: _______________________________ Is your company considered a small business concern, SB, SDVOSB, VOSB, HUBZone, or 8A concern, with the requisite NAICS code identified above? Can your company provide training as outlined in the attached PWS? Is your company available under any Government Wide Agency Contract (GWAC), Solutions for Enterprise-Wide Procurement (SEWP), National Acquisition Center (NAC), GSA Schedule, Federal Supply Schedule (FSS), Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity (IDIQ), and/or Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA)? 4. Opportunity/Market Pricing: The MEDVAMC is seeking information from potential vendors on their ability to provide the required items/equipment. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) ONLY. Small Business concerns are encouraged to provide responses to this RFI in order to assist the MEDVAMC in determining potential levels of competition and general market pricing available in the industry. Vendors are requested to submit estimated market research pricing along with their responses to the above. The estimated pricing will be considered when determining the procurement strategy for the forthcoming solicitation. 5. RFI responses are due by 3:00pm Central Time by close date listed above; there is no page limitation. The subject line shall reference that Request for Information (RFI) number above. NO SOLICITATION EXISTS AT THIS TIME. Please provide the information you deem relevant in order to respond to the specific inquiries of the RFI. Information provided will be used solely by MEDVAMC as Market Research and will not be released outside of the MEDVAMC Purchasing and Contracting Team. If no responses to this notice are received from an authorized distributor of the cited brand name items listed above, then this action will be sole sourced to the manufacturer. 6. Contact Information: Contract Specialist Robert (Dustan) Arabie robert.arabie@va.gov Your response to this notice is greatly appreciated!

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/58e6918ad3384c73b69ce2cd641af50e/view)