---
layout: default
title: Notice of Intent to Sole Source- service to perform the Mass Spec in control, analyze, and compare the data
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 0233604f6f384db1a2128d931d40cf8b
---

# Notice of Intent to Sole Source- service to perform the Mass Spec in control, analyze, and compare the data

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-25 15:09:21.248-04
- Solicitation Number: PCA-NIA-01448

## Summary

PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE – Notice of Intent to Sole Source SOLICITATION NUMBER: PCA-NIA-01448 TITLE: service to perform the Mass Spec in control, analyze, and compare the data. RESPONSE DATE: April 9, 2026, at 4:00 pm EST. PRIMARY POINT OF CONTACT: Jaddua Johnston Jaddua.Johnston@nih.gov Phone: 240-569-0006 INTRODUCTION: THIS IS A PRE-SOLICITATION NON-COMPETITIVE (NOTICE OF INTENT) SYNOPSIS TO AWARD A CONTRACT WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME). The National Institute on Aging (NIA) Laboratory of Cardiovacular Science (LCS) is studying the detection fo the 14-3-3 protein binding partners in the overexpression of adenylyl cyclase in the heart-targeted AdCy8 overexpression mouse strain. The mouse heart produces a strong beating heart with the upregulation of many pathways. The 14-3-3 protein is one of these proteins that emerge as central for the heart survival and regulation of the cell cycle and mitosis check points. The purpose of this project is to study the role of the 14-3-3 protein partners in order to elucidate their pathways and their mechanisms in heart cell survival, cell renewal and cell mitosis, and their regulation. The plan is to analyze the role of the 14-3-3 protein by detecting its binding partners in the AdCy8 overexpression model. This analysis will be done through the use of mass spectrometry (MS) and comparison of the results with the wild type mouse model. NORTH AMERICAN INDUSTRY CLASSIFICATION SYSTEM (NAICS) CODE and SET ASIDE STATUS NAICS code 541990- All Other Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services with a business size standard classification of $19,500,000. This acquisition is NOT set aside for small businesses. REGULATORY AUTHORITY The resultant contract will include all applicable provisions and clauses in effect through the Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2024-07 dated 08-29-2024. This acquisition is conducted under the procedures as prescribed in FAR subpart 13.5—Simplified Procedures for Certain Commercial Items and FAR subpart 12—Acquisition of Commercial Items at an amount exceeding the SAT, and not exceeding $7 million. STATUTORY AUTHORITY This acquisition is for a commercial item or service and is conducted under the authority of the FAR Subpart 13.5—Simplified Procedures for Certain Commercial Items and the statutory authority of [specify the applicable authority: (1) FAR 6.302-1—Only one responsible source and no other supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements 41 U.S.C. 3304 (a)(1). DESCRIPTION OF REQUIREMENT: PURPOSE AND OBJECTIVES: SCOPE OF WORK General Requirements: qualified personnel, material, equipment, technology and facilities. Independently and not as an agent of the Government, the Contractor shall furnish all the necessary services, qualified personnel, material, equipment, and facilities, not otherwise provided by the Government as needed to perform the?Statement of Work below: Specific Requirements: The contractor shall provide the following: Labor category: Senior researcher. The contractor will perform the Mass Spectrometry in control and AC8TG tissues on 28 samples. The contractor will analyze and compare the data. This type of project typically requires 5 weeks GOVERNMENT RESPONSIBILITIES: The government will deliver 28 samples to the contractor for analysis. DELIVERY OR DELIVERABLES: Samples will be delivered to the contractor as described in The requirements above. The contractor will perform Mass Spectrometry, get the raw data, analyze it and make comparisons between groups (wild type and transgenic tissues). MS Bioworks should provide the raw data, the analysis and a report explaining the results. Inspection and Acceptance: To be done by end user? REPORTING REQUIREMENTS: The contractor will report on each step of the analysis and send a spreadsheet of results. MsBioworks will provide software for analyzing and configuring the data and the results. Delivery or Performance Location?? National Institute on Aging/IRP National Institutes of Health BRC Building/ Room?9B135 Baltimore, MD 21224? PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE: April 13, 2026 to May 4, 2026 CONTRACTING WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME) DETERMINATION The determination by the Government to award a contract without providing for full and open competition is based upon the market research conducted. Specifically, Interaxon Inc. is the only vendor in the marketplace that can provide the services required by NIMH. The equipment is proprietary to its manufacturer, Interaxon Inc, and this company is the sole provider of maintenance for this equipment. In accordance with FAR part 10, extensive market research was conducted to reach this determination. Additionally, contacts with knowledgeable individuals both in industry and Government, as well as reviews of available product literature, revealed no other sources. Finally, a review of the GSA Advantage, Dynamic Small Business Search, and previous government acquisitions returned no results that meet all of the requirements. Therefore, only Interaxon Inc is capable of meeting the needs of this requirement. The intended source is: MSBIOWORKS LLC. 3970 Varsity Drive Ann Arbor, MI 48108 United States CLOSING STATEMENT THIS SYNOPSIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR COMPETITIVE PROPOSALS. However, interested parties may identify their interest and capability to respond to this notice. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation which shall be considered by the agency. The information received will normally be considered solely for the purposes of determining whether to proceed on a non-competitive basis or to conduct a competitive procurement. This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. Responses to this notice shall contain sufficient information to establish the interested parties' bona-fide capabilities for fulfilling the requirement and include: unit price, list price, shipping and handling costs, the delivery period after contract award, the prompt payment discount terms, the F.O.B. Point (Destination or Origin), the Dun & Bradstreet Number (DUNS), the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. All responses must be received by the closing date and time of this announcement and must reference the solicitation number, PCA-NIA-01448. Responses must be submitted electronically to Jaddua Johnston, Contract Specialist at Jaddua.Johnston@nih.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jaddua Johnston
  - Email: jaddua.johnston@nih.gov
  - Phone: 2405690006

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0233604f6f384db1a2128d931d40cf8b/view)