---
layout: default
title: USS DELBERT D BLACK (DDG 119) Dry-Docking Selected Restricted Availability (DSRA)
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 237b7bcf91b54162bec24a2f92920f21
---

# USS DELBERT D BLACK (DDG 119) Dry-Docking Selected Restricted Availability (DSRA)

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-27 14:20:51.069-04
- Solicitation Number: N40027-27-R-0001

## Summary

USS DELBERT D BLACK (DDG 119) Dry-Docking Selected Restricted Availability (DSRA) Anticipated Solicitation Number: N40027-27-R-0001 Agency: Department of the Navy Office: Southeast Regional Maintenance Center (SERMC) Location: Naval Station Mayport, Jacksonville, FL IAW with 10 USC 8669a, and associated Department of Navy ship depot maintenance policy, the Department of the Navy is seeking expressions of interest in accomplishing the USS DELBERT D BLACK (DDG 119) DDB 507-27 DSRA with place of performance within a 75-mile radius of and less than 1.5 hours one way travel (using normal modes of transportation of the particular region) from Mayport Naval Station. The area of performance to be considered will concentrically expand outward from Naval Station Mayport, Jacksonville, FL until expressions of interest are received from two or more qualified offerors, as determined by the Procuring Contracting Officer. This is a Sources Sought announcement issued in accordance with FAR 15.201 and in anticipation of a potential future procurement program. Information provided shall be treated as Business Sensitive or Confidential to the responder, exempt from public release under the Freedom of Information Act. This source sought announcement is not a request for proposal. The purpose of this source sought announcement is to gather information from the marketplace. Information provided in response to this source sought announcement will not be considered an offer by the responding contractor and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The Government is only interested in responses from sources with the capability to perform dry-docking and pier side maintenance, repair, and modernization for an Arleigh Burke-class Guided Missile Destroyer (DDG), using a MILSTD-1625D (SH) NAVSEA-certified drydock. This DSRA is currently scheduled to begin 09 AUG 2027 and complete 11 JUN 2028 (308 days). Background: This availability will be a Firm-Fixed-Price (FFP) contract under the cognizance of SERMC. The DSRA is anticipated to include: Drydocking Complete Underwater Hull and Freeboard Preservation Shafting package Critical and Non-critical preservation – Intakes/Uptakes/Superstructure/Bilge Piping repairs Sea Valve replacement/overhaul Sonar Stave Cable and Transducer replacement Structural welding and fabrication (steel) Multiple ship alterations (Ship Alts) Tank preservation and repairs Full support for AIT integration, Contractor Furnished Material (CFM) ordering and storage, and Government Furnished Material (GFM) Compliance with an Arleigh Burke-class Guided Missile Destroyer (DDG) welding requirements per applicable NAVSEA stand items What/Where to Submit: Interested companies should submit a letter of interest on company letterhead including: Company name, address, Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), and CAGE code Primary point of contact: name, email, and phone number Business size/status under NAICS 336611 (a small business must have 1,300 or fewer employees) A written response to the following: Does your company hold or a currently seeking a NAVSEA Master Ship Repair Agreement (MSRA) or Agreement for Boat Repair (ABR)? If you are seeking an agreement, state when you have submitted the application. 2. Do you have access to a dry dock, certified in accordance with MIL-STD-1625D (SH) at the time of award through the performance period, and pier space capable of accommodating an Arleigh Burke-class Guided Missile Destroyer (DDG) class ship with services and space requirements, e.g., security, Ships Force parking, office spaces, etc. Provide a description of the pier, dock and its location. 3. What is your corporate experience performing DDG availabilities or comparable US Navy work within the past 3 years? Summarize. 4. Are you capable of ordering and storing CFM and supporting and integrating in accordance with NSI 009-60 AIT production work within the production schedule? 5. Does your company plan to submit a proposal in response to the anticipated solicitation? If you intend to submit a proposal as part of a joint venture or teaming agreement, so state. 6. Does your company have or are you planning on obtaining any other commercial or Government ship repair commitments during this time frame that would require you to hire more employees in order to complete the availability on schedule? If so, identify those commitments. 7. Does your facility support a crew berthing barge Navy YRBM class mooring adjacent to the work area and support providing pier/hotel services. 8. In case a Navy berthing barge is not available, is pier laydown available to establish berthing barge equivalent land-based Temporary Off-Ship berthing container units? If so, provide dimensions of the potential laydown area available. Responses are limited to five (5) pages. Responses shall be emailed to: - Code

423.1 Team: SERMC_C4231_CNO_DDG1@us.navy.mil - Contract Specialists: Ashley Delcambre; ashley.m.delcambre.civ@us.navy.mil and Jennifer Kotar; jennifer.a.kotar.civ@us.navy.mil - Contracting Officer: Angela McLean; angela.k.mclean.civ@us.navy.mil Use subject line: “USS DELBERT D BLACK (DDG 119) FY27 SERM-502-27 DSRA Sources Sought Response” When to Submit Responses are requested no later than 12:00 PM (noon), Eastern Time, on 30 April 2026. Notice Regarding This Sources Sought This announcement is issued solely for information and planning purposes and does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP). Responses to this notice are not considered offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The Government will not reimburse any costs associated with responding to this notice. Contracting Office Southeast Regional Maintenance Center (SERMC) Building 1488, Naval Station Mayport USS DELBERT D BLACK (DDG 119) Dry-Docking Selected Restricted Availability (DSRA) Jacksonville, FL 32228

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jennifer Kotar
  - Email: jennifer.a.kotar.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: (904) 270-5126 x.3246

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/237b7bcf91b54162bec24a2f92920f21/view)