---
layout: default
title: Congressional Cable TV System Assessment
agency: ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 2682114cdb6a4c97a6b0745ddb32a4ba
---

# Congressional Cable TV System Assessment

- Agency: ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-10 07:29:03.237-04
- Solicitation Number: 04102026-001

## Summary

The Architect of the Capitol (AOC) has a requirement for a contract for Capitol Power Plant, with a period of performance of 180 Calendar Days.

1.1 CONGRESSIONAL Cable TV systems assessment BACKGROUND During the late 70’s, the first proposed 13 channel system was requested by both Senate Rules and House Administration. Starting with a single rack in the attic of the Russell Senate Office building, then in the early 80’s, say 1981 a new design for the system was implemented, with a joint cable system located in the Russell Senate Office Building subway platform to the Capitol completed in 1983. Then in the time period of 1986 through 1987 the migration of a new Senate headend was built to support a complete switcher to control all aspects of both systems with the current system at 59 Analog channels for Senate and 54 Analog channels for House CATV systems. During the period of 2002 the system once again increased with the first deployment of Digital transmission available on the system with the Digital broadcast of House and Senate floors on the CCTS system. Scope of Work The scope of this requirement is to engage the services of a professional vendor to submit a detailed assessment of the existing Architect of the Capitol Congressional Cable TV system (CCCTS) located at the “head end” Russell Senate office building, and the Capitol Power Plant Annex building. The vendor shall also provide a proposed improvement plan to the existing CCTS to improve content delivery. The assessment shall include detailed drawings of existing equipment specifications, connectivity layout, data flow and type. A final report detailing the findings shall be submitted delineating the existing system with the proposed improvements to the system, including cost, impact and duration. The objective of the assessment is to ensure the CCTS will meet the stringent demands of Congressional members and staff for a “24/7” operational environment. Applicable Policies and Standards The contractor shall perform the required task in accordance with the requirements of this contract. • Technology Standards. • Drawings; As Built Systems Drawings for CCTS • Security specifications. The contractor shall not deviate from any of the above documents without express approval granted by the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR). TASKS Task 1 – Existing System Assessement The contractor shall provide an existing CCTS system(s) assessment. Documenting, existing equipment specifications, connectivity layout, data flow and type. The assessment shall be completed in the CCTS primary head end located at Russell Senate Office building, and the secondary “Head End” at the Capitol Power Plant (CPP) Annex building. The results shall include a detailed, comprehensive report on the following below, but not limited to. Rack Elevations Line diagram of connections (all mediums) Network diagram Content source diagram Content delivery diagram (Fiber T/X) Equipment age / part availability Task 2 The contractor shall provide a comprehensive CCTS “improvement plan” to include a detailed report on proposed equipment upgrades or replacement, configuration, delivery, estimated cost, and impacts to existing system. The report shall provide options to the following items but not limited to the improvement plan. Increased resiliency and back up for 24/7 operation. Increased security (Firewall) Increased efficiency through IP networks Content procurement methods (IP streaming, Direct Satellite, wireless etc.) Secondary audio programming (SAP) capabilities Provide Steaming content to clients via mobile app, smart TV’s or other methods Recommendations for the ingestion, “intake” and conversion of Free Ad-Supported Streaming TV (FAST) channels into the CCTS along with LTN Content. Improvements to CCTS delivery via clear QAM 256 to outlying buildings and facilities (does not include assessment of outlying buildings and facilities but only the method of delivery). Improvements to sourcing and modulating FM (radio) frequencies into QAM 256 signal Integrating “virtual channel” nomenclature for CCTS system(s) Improvements to SDI/ASI sourcing and encoding for integration Task 3 The vendor shall provide a comprehensive CCTS control room “upgrade plan” at the Russell Senate Office Building to include a detailed report on equipment upgrades or replacement, configuration, delivery, estimated cost, and impacts to existing system. The report shall provide options for the following items but not limited to the improvement plan. Full control of networked devices, accessible to the control room perimeter. System alerts for outages for either content, encoding, transcoding or QAM loss. Ability to modify what is being viewed on screen, resizing, for multiple sources and destinations. KVM capabilities for all available equipment. Visibility into network, multicast, QAM, fiber transmitters and other CCTS equipment status. A/V Router capabilities from within the control room perimeter. Project Management Plan The contractor shall submit a Project Management Plan 30 days after award that outlines the project execution and project control approach, roles, responsibilities, cost, schedule, and scope. The plan shall be used to facilitate key decision points, milestones, and communication among key stake holders. Biweekly Status Report The contractor will prepare and deliver Biweekly Status Reports to the COTR and other specified individuals via electronic mail no later than 5:00 PM every other Friday. The intended audience includes: CCP Electronics Technician, CCP Electronics Engineer, CCP Senior management and Executive leadership from the Government and from the contractor. Status reports will include the following information: • Goals for the reporting period • Accomplishments for the reporting period • Recommendations for work to be accomplished during the next reporting period • Risks to the successful and timely completion of the project • Open Issues - Issues and risks summary Deliverables In accordance with TASK 1, 2 and 3. Reports shall be submitted in both native file (word) and Adobe acrobat (.pdf), in addition 10 printed and bounded reports. Table 1 - Deliverables and Delivery Schedule Deliverable/Description Type Delivery Method(s) Delivery Date/Frequency Kick-Off Meeting Briefing Virtual Meeting (Teams) 7 days after contract award Project Management Plan Document MS Word / Adobe 14 days after contract award Biweekly Status Report Briefing Virtual meeting and email document Biweekly TBD Tasks 1, 2, and 3 submittals (Draft) Document MS Word 6 months after contract award. Tasks 1, 2, and 3 review Briefing Virtual meeting and email document 14 days after initial request Final Task 1, 2 and 3 submittals Document MS Word 7 days prior to end of contract Period of Performance (PoP) Instructions for Delivery of Deliverables The contractor shall provide all deliverables via electronic methods, unless directed by the COR to provide hard copies, for review, approval, and appropriate action. Electronic copies shall be delivered via email attachment to the CO and COR as appropriate. The electronic copies shall be compatible with Microsoft Office 2010 or other applications as appropriate and mutually agreed to by the parties. Once created, deliverables and work products are considered the property of the Federal Government. The deliverable shall be considered final upon receiving Government approval. The Government shall provide written notification of acceptance or rejection of all deliverables within two days of receipt. All notifications of rejection will be accompanied by an explanation of the specific deficiencies causing the rejection. Deliverables must be approved by the CO and COR to be considered “accepted.” Deliverables shall be deemed acceptable if the document adequately covers all required topics, meets general quality measures, and is professionally prepared in terms of accuracy, clarity, format, and timeliness. Quality measures, as set forth below, shall be applied to each product received from the contractor. Accuracy: Documents shall be accurate in presentation, content, and style. Clarity: Documents shall be clear and concise. Format: Documents shall be transmitted via mutually agreed upon media; and Timeliness: Documents shall be submitted on or before scheduled due date. Government Furnished Equipment / PROPERTY (GFE/GFP) No GFE provided CONTRACT TYPE The contract type for this requirement is anticipated to be a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP). This is a firm-fixed-price contract that is not subject to any adjustment on the basis of the contractor’s cost experience in performing the contract. The contractor is full responsibility for all costs and resulting profit or loss. Period of Performance The Period of Performance shall be 180 calendar days from Notice to Proceed. Place of Performance / HOURS OF OPERATIONS Work under this requirement shall be performed at a government facility unless otherwise stated or approved. All equipment and office supplies will be provided at the government facility. Daily work hours shall be approved by the COR; however, core working hours for the contractor shall be 6:00 AM to 2:30 PM ET with a thirty-minute lunch break. Please be advised certain activities may require the vendor to work evening, or weekends to ensure no disruption occurs to Congressional activity and operations. Any contractor under this contract shall be required to perform work during these hours unless otherwise authorized. Overtime or compensation time shall not be performed unless specifically authorized by the contracting officer. Travel Travel is not authorized Personal Services This is not a personal services contract. Security If under the performance of this contract the contractor requires access to AOC facilities, then the contractor will be escorted at all times. All contractor employees shall submit an E-Verify form and a United States Capitol Police background check form (CP-491) prior to the performance of work. Contractor employees shall also complete a contractor badging request form. All contractors working on site shall be required to wear an identification badge at all times. The AOC does not follow certain exceptions as described in the E-Verify federal contractor rule. Contractors are required to use E-Verify to verify that all employees working on AOC contracts are authorized to work in the United States. On site work may be interrupted because of Congressional events or U. S. Capitol Police requirements. All work to be performed is subject to government interruptions. The AOC does not follow certain exceptions as described in the E-Verify federal contractor rule. Contractors are required to use E-Verify to verify that all employees working on AOC contracts are authorized to work in the United States. SAFETY The contractor shall follow all applicable safety guidelines. This project requires use of hard-hats and eye protection in designated areas. Contractors are required to wear “appropriate” clothing, i.e. Shorts and tee shirts will not be permitted. The Contractor shall be responsible for their own safety, and every precautionary measure shall be taken to protect themselves while at the US Capitol Power Plant, Satellite Antenna Array. Full PPE. The contractor shall comply with all AOC safety policies and shall require all employees to wear appropriate clothing apparel for the assigned tasks. No sandals or any style of open toe shoes shall be allowed for any position that requires lifting of 5lbs or greater as this would pose a risk of injury. Instructions for Responding to this RFI: Please provide a response to the following questions from the Government: a) Will your company be interested in submitting a quotation for this contract if a solicitation is issued? b) Can your company perform this scope of work under its GSA Schedule contract? If so, what is the GSA Schedule contract number? What SIN is this usually done under? Or is this a mix of SINs? c) What questions do you have for the Government? (You may either list your questions in the RFI response or you may email the questions to Donald Fuqua at donald.fuqua@aoc.gov any time if it helps you to provide a better response with the answers known) d) What is the usual duration of a contract for this work? In other words, what period of performance is typical for this? e) Please provide examples of past contracts within the past three years that are either completed or ongoing that have the same or similar scope of work. Please provide the awarded contract dollar amount as well. f) Any other information you believe will be of interest to the Government. Please email responses to Donald Fuqua at donald.fuqua@aoc.gov by noon on April 24, 2026. Thank you, Donald Fuqua Contracting Officer Mobile: (202)

329.6763 Architect of the Capitol Supplies, Services, and Material Management Division (SSMMD) www.aoc.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Donald Fuqua
  - Email: donald.fuqua@aoc.gov
  - Phone: 2023296763

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . The vendor shall also provide a proposed improvement plan to the existing CCTS to improve content delivery. The assessment shall include detailed drawings of existing equipment specifications, connectivity layout, data flow and type. A final report detailing the findings shall be submitted delineating the existing system with the proposed improvements to the system, including cost, impact and duration. The objective of the assessment is to ensure the CCTS will meet the stringent demands of Congressional members and staff for a “24/7” operational environment. Applicable Policies and Standards The contractor shall perform the required task in accordance with the requirements of this contract. • Technology Standards. • Drawings; As Built Systems Drawings for CCTS • Security specifications. The contractor shall not deviate from any of the above documents without express approval granted by the Contracting Officer’s Representative (COR). TASKS Task 1 – Existing System Assessement The contractor shall provide an existing CCTS system(s) assessment. Documenting, existing equipment specifications, connectivity layout, data flow and type. The assessment shall be completed in the CCTS primary head end located at Russell Senate Office building, and the secondary “Head End” at the Capitol Power Plant (CPP) Annex building. The results shall include a detailed, comprehensive report on the following below, but not limited to. Rack Elevations Line diagram of connections (all mediums) Network diagram Content source diagram Content delivery diagram (Fiber T/X) Equipment age / part availability Task 2 The contractor shall provide a comprehensive CCTS “improvement plan” to include a detailed report on proposed equipment upgrades or replacement, configuration, delivery, estimated cost, and impacts to existing system. The report shall provide options to the following items but not limited to the improvement plan. Increased resiliency and back up for 24/7 operation. Increased security (Firewall) Increased efficiency through IP networks Content procurement methods (IP streaming, Direct Satellite, wireless etc.) Secondary audio programming (SAP) capabilities Provide Steaming content to clients via mobile app, smart TV’s or other methods Recommendations for the ingestion, “intake” and conversion of Free Ad-Supported Streaming TV (FAST) channels into the CCTS along with LTN Content. Improvements to CCTS delivery via clear QAM 256 to outlying buildings and facilities (does not include assessment of outlying buildings and facilities but only the method of delivery). Improvements to sourcing and modulating FM (radio) frequencies into QAM 256 signal Integrating “virtual channel” nomenclature for CCTS system(s) Improvements to SDI/ASI sourcing and encoding for integration Task 3 The vendor shall provide a comprehensive CCTS control room “upgrade plan” at the Russell Senate Office Building to include a detailed report on equipment upgrades or replacement, configuration, delivery, estimated cost, and impacts to existing system. The report shall provide options for the following items but not limited to the improvement plan. Full control of networked devices, accessible to the control room perimeter. System alerts for outages for either content, encoding, transcoding or QAM loss. Ability to modify what is being viewed on screen, resizing, for multiple sources and destinations. KVM capabilities for all available equipment. Visibility into network, multicast, QAM, fiber transmitters and other CCTS equipment status. A/V Router capabilities from within the control room perimeter. Project Management Plan The contractor shall submit a Project Management Plan 30 days after award that outlines the project execution and project control approach, roles, responsibilities, cost, schedule, and scope. The plan shall be used to facilitate key decision points, milestones, and communication among key stake holders. Biweekly Status Report The contractor will prepare and deliver Biweekly Status Reports to the COTR and other specified individuals via electronic mail no later than 5:00 PM every other Friday. The intended audience includes: CCP Electronics Technician, CCP Electronics Engineer, CCP Senior management and Executive leadership from the Government and from the contractor. Status reports will include the following information: • Goals for the reporting period • Accomplishments for the reporting period • Recommendations for work to be accomplished during the next reporting period • Risks to the successful and timely completion of the project • Open Issues - Issues and risks summary Deliverables In accordance with TASK 1, 2 and 3. Reports shall be submitted in both native file (word) and Adobe acrobat (.pdf), in addition 10 printed and bounded reports. Table 1 - Deliverables and Delivery Schedule Deliverable/Description Type Delivery Method(s) Delivery Date/Frequency Kick-Off Meeting Briefing Virtual Meeting (Teams) 7 days after contract award Project Management Plan Document MS Word / Adobe 14 days after contract award Biweekly Status Report Briefing Virtual meeting and email document Biweekly TBD Tasks 1, 2, and 3 submittals (Draft) Document MS Word 6 months after contract award. Tasks 1, 2, and 3 review Briefing Virtual meeting and email document 14 days after initial request Final Task 1, 2 and 3 submittals Document MS Word 7 days prior to end of contract Period of Performance (PoP) Instructions for Delivery of Deliverables The contractor shall provide all deliverables via electronic methods, unless directed by the COR to provide hard copies, for review, approval, and appropriate action. Electronic copies shall be delivered via email attachment to the CO and COR as appropriate. The electronic copies shall be compatible with Microsoft Office 2010 or other applications as appropriate and mutually agreed to by the parties. Once created, deliverables and work products are considered the property of the Federal Government. The deliverable shall be considered final upon receiving Government approval. The Government shall provide written notification of acceptance or rejection of all deliverables within two days of receipt. All notifications of rejection will be accompanied by an explanation of the specific deficiencies causing the rejection. Deliverables must be approved by the CO and COR to be considered “accepted.” Deliverables shall be deemed acceptable if the document adequately covers all required topics, meets general quality measures, and is professionally prepared in terms of accuracy, clarity, format, and timeliness. Quality measures, as set forth below, shall be applied to each product received from the contractor. Accuracy: Documents shall be accurate in presentation, content, and style. Clarity: Documents shall be clear and concise. Format: Documents shall be transmitted via mutually agreed upon media; and Timeliness: Documents shall be submitted on or before scheduled due date. Government Furnished Equipment / PROPERTY (GFE/GFP) No GFE provided CONTRACT TYPE The contract type for this requirement is anticipated to be a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP). This is a firm-fixed-price contract that is not subject to any adjustment on the basis of the contractor’s cost experience in performing the contract. The contractor is full responsibility for all costs and resulting profit or loss. Period of Performance The Period of Performance shall be 180 calendar days from Notice to Proceed. Place of Performance / HOURS OF OPERATIONS Work under this requirement shall be performed at a government facility unless otherwise stated or approved. All equipment and office supplies will be provided at the government facility. Daily work hours shall be approved by the COR; however, core working hours for the contractor shall be 6:00 AM to 2:30 PM ET with a thirty-minute lunch break. Please be advised certain activities may require the vendor to work evening, or weekends to ensure no disruption occurs to Congressional activity and operations. Any contractor under this contract shall be required to perform work during these hours unless otherwise authorized. Overtime or compensation time shall not be performed unless specifically authorized by the contracting officer. Travel Travel is not authorized Personal Services This is not a personal services contract. Security If under the performance of this contract the contractor requires access to AOC facilities, then the contractor will be escorted at all times. All contractor employees shall submit an E-Verify form and a United States Capitol Police background check form (CP-491) prior to the performance of work. Contractor employees shall also complete a contractor badging request form. All contractors working on site shall be required to wear an identification badge at all times. The AOC does not follow certain exceptions as described in the E-Verify federal contractor rule. Contractors are required to use E-Verify to verify that all employees working on AOC contracts are authorized to work in the United States. On site work may be interrupted because of Congressional events or U. S. Capitol Police requirements. All work to be performed is subject to government interruptions. The AOC does not follow certain exceptions as described in the E-Verify federal contractor rule. Contractors are required to use E-Verify to verify that all employees working on AOC contracts are authorized to work in the United States. SAFETY The contractor shall follow all applicable safety guidelines. This project requires use of hard-hats and eye protection in designated areas. Contractors are required to wear “appropriate” clothing, i.e. Shorts and tee shirts will not be permitted. The Contractor shall be responsible for their own safety, and every precautionary measure shall be taken to protect themselves while at the US Capitol Power Plant, Satellite Antenna Array. Full PPE. The contractor shall comply with all AOC safety policies and shall require all employees to wear appropriate clothing apparel for the assigned tasks. No sandals or any style of open toe shoes shall be allowed for any position that requires lifting of 5lbs or greater as this would pose a risk of injury. Instructions for Responding to this RFI: Please provide a response to the following questions from the Government: a) Will your company be interested in submitting a quotation for this contract if a solicitation is issued? b) Can your company perform this scope of work under its GSA Schedule contract? If so, what is the GSA Schedule contract number? What SIN is this usually done under? Or is this a mix of SINs? c) What questions do you have for the Government? (You may either list your questions in the RFI response or you may email the questions to Donald Fuqua at donald.fuqua@aoc.gov any time if it helps you to provide a better response with the answers known) d) What is the usual duration of a contract for this work? In other words, what period of performance is typical for this? e) Please provide examples of past contracts within the past three years that are either completed or ongoing that have the same or similar scope of work. Please provide the awarded contract dollar amount as well. f) Any other information you believe will be of interest to the Government. Please email responses to Donald Fuqua at donald.fuqua@aoc.gov by noon on April 24, 2026. Thank you, Donald Fuqua Contracting Officer Mobile: (202)

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2682114cdb6a4c97a6b0745ddb32a4ba/view)