---
layout: default
title: C1DZ--640-26-113 | Renovate B1002 at Sunnyvale - Design
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 2564f32ab14a43b99695f30034576788
---

# C1DZ--640-26-113 | Renovate B1002 at Sunnyvale - Design

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-27 16:38:46.556-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26126R0033
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 1 of 4 THIS IS A NOTICE ONLY FOR SUBMISSION OF ARCHITECT-ENGINEERING QUALIFICATION PACKAGES, SF 330. Network Contract Office 21 (NCO 21) is seeking Architectural/Engineering Firms to submit Standard Form (SF) 330s regarding the Statement of Work (SOW) attached to this request. The project is for The Veterans Affairs (VA) Palo Alto Health Care System located at 1080 Innovation Way, Sunnyvale California. General Intent: Design requirement to facilitate a construction project to renovate approximately 21,000 GSF of existing shell space on the first floor of a 2-story building, for dry lab research and associated site improvements, to include surface parking. The applicable North American Industry Classi cation System (NAICS) Code is 541330, Engineering Services, and the small business size standard is $25.5 million U.S. dollars. The Product or Service Code is C1DA. This procurement is a 100% Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) set aside under the Veterans First Contracting program as required by 38 U.S.C. Sections 8127-8128, as implemented under VA Acquisition Regulation (VAAR) 819.7. The term SDVOSB under the Veterans First Contracting program has the same meaning as service-disabled veteran-owned small business concern de ned in FAR subpart 2.101, except for acquisitions authorized by 38 U.S.C. 8127 and 8128 for the Veterans First Contracting Program. These businesses must be listed as veri ed in the Small Business Administration (SBA) Small Business Search (SBS) database at https://search.certi cations.sba.gov/ in addition to meeting the NAICS code small business size standard to be eligible for award under the Veterans First Contracting Program. All SDVOSB rms that submit SF 330s must be listed as veri ed in the Small Business Administration (SBA) Small Business Search (SBS) database to be considered for this procurement. Offers from unveri ed SDVOSBs are considered de cient and will not be evaluated further. A rm s status will be veri ed in SBS at time of receipt of the SF330, prior to conducting evaluations/interviews/discussions, and prior to award. This set aside process is in keeping with VA Implementation of the Veterans First Contracting Program, FAR Part 19, and the requirements of FAR 36.202 for acquiring Architect-Engineer Services. This notice serves as the Governments call for Standard Form (SF) 330s from interested SDVOSB Architectural/Engineering (A/E) Firms concerns. Firms that meet the requirements described in this announcement are invited to submit one (1) electronic copy of their SF 330 package via e-mail to Jose A. Hernandez at jose.hernandez1@va.gov and Alison Weinstein at alison.weinstein@va.gov by April 24, 2026 at 8:00 AM PST. SF 330, Part I may include evidence of experience and capabilities the applicant considers relevant. Part II shall be submitted for each proposed consultant s office involved. The Government will evaluate SF 330 s received in response to this notice to identify at least three (3) of the most highly quali ed SDVOSB rms to perform the required services. The Government will then hold discussions/interviews with the most highly quali ed SDVOSB rms based on the evaluation factors listed in this notice (see below). Evaluation Factors The following evaluation criteria, listed in descending factor order of importance and weight, will be used for the SF330 evaluation. Sub-factors when combined represent the overall score for the factor. Factor 1: Professional Quali cations Professional quali cations necessary for satisfactory performance of A/E services necessary to complete the type of work required for this project. Architects must be licensed in any state of the United States of America. Mechanical, Electrical, and Fire Protection Engineer must be licensed engineers registered in any state of the United States of America. Structural Engineer must be licensed in any state of the United States of America. Factor 2: Specialized Experience and Technical Competence Subfactor 2A - Specialized experience and technical competence in designing Air Handler Unit Projects. All lead Architects, Project Managers, Mechanical, Electrical and Fire Protection engineers must show 3 projects of similar size or scope. Subfactor 2B - Speci c experience and quali cations of personnel proposed for assignment to this project and their record of working together as a team. All lead Architects, Project Managers, Mechanical, Electrical and Fire Protection engineers must have 5+ years experience in a hospital setting. Subfactor 2C Experience in construction period services to include professional eld inspections during the construction period, review of construction submittals, support in answering requests for information during the construction period, and support construction contract changes including drafting statements of work and cost estimates. Factor 3: Capacity to accomplish the work in the required time. Availability of all lead Architects, Project Managers, Mechanical, Electrical and Fire protection Engineer must be submitted as a percentage in the SF-330. Example: Mechanical Engineer is 40% available based on other concurrent projects (list projects). Factor 4: Past Performance Past performance on contracts with Government agencies and private industry in terms of cost control, quality of work, and compliance with performance schedules. Must submit completed Contractor Performance Assessment Report System (CPARS) evaluations for at least three (3) but no more than five (5) projects in similar scope, size, and complexity within the past five (5) years from the date of the posting of this solicitation to sam.gov. If a CPARS is available for at least three projects, it must be submitted. Factor 5: Location Location in the general geographical area of the project and knowledge of the locality of the project; provided, that application of this criterion leaves an appropriate number of quali ed rms, given the nature and size of the project. The Technical Evaluation Board (TEB) will prepare a report recommending three (3) rms, in order of preference, from the rms with which discussions have been conducted. The TEB shall select 3 rms, in order of preference, based on the combined SF 330 and discussion/interview score, that are considered to be the most highly quali ed to perform the required services. Selection shall be based on the evaluation factors. The selection authority shall review the recommendations of the evaluation board and shall, with the advice of appropriate technical and staff representatives, make the nal selection. This nal selection shall be a listing, in order of preference, of the rms considered most highly quali ed to perform the work. If the rm listed as the most preferred is not the rm recommended as the most highly quali ed by the evaluation board, the selection authority shall provide for the contract le a written explanation of the reason for the preference. Negotiations shall be made with the top-rated rm. Where negotiations with the top-rated highly quali ed rm are unsuccessful, the contracting officer shall terminate the negotiations and undertake negotiations with the rm next in order of preference. If a mutually satisfactory contract cannot be negotiated, the contracting officer shall obtain a written nal proposal revision from the rm and notify the rm that negotiations have been terminated. The Contracting Officer will then initiate negotiations with the next rm on the nal selection list. This procedure shall be continued until a mutually satisfactory contract has been negotiated. If negotiations fail with all selected rms, the contracting officer shall refer the matter to the selection authority who, after consulting with the contracting officer as to why a contract cannot be negotiated, may direct the evaluation board to recommend additional rms. Questions regarding this procurement should be directed, in writing, to the Contract officer via e-mail to Jose A. Hernandez at jose.hernandez1@va.gov, alternate POC: Alison Weinstein at alison.weinstein@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jose A Hernandez
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Jose.Hernandez1@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/2564f32ab14a43b99695f30034576788/view)