---
layout: default
title: Maintenance service for the Thermo Electron Eclipse and Ultimate LC system mass spectrometer
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 8bb4c337ea08418c85ff979420f7217b
---

# Maintenance service for the Thermo Electron Eclipse and Ultimate LC system mass spectrometer

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-09 13:37:21.085-04
- Solicitation Number: RFQ-NIAID-26-2275557

## Summary

This notice is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items using Simplified Acquisition Procedures. This acquisition will be made in accordance with the format in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 12.6 “Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and solicitation for commercial Items,” as applicable, and as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation (a written solicitation will not be issued) and quotes are being requested. The Solicitation number is RFQ-NIAID-25-2247584 and the solicitation is issued as a Request for Quotes (RFQ). This acquisition will be processed under FAR Part 13 Simplified Acquisition Procedures (SAP). The solicitation documents and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-01, November 12, 2024. This request is for maintenance service agreement on the Thermo Electron Eclipse system and associated LC’s. Maintenance service for this system is critical to ensure instrument is functioning properly to provide accurate data With the importance of this system the contract will need to be serviced by guaranteed OEM technicians and if necessary provided with guaranteed OEM replacement parts excluding third party items and consumables. This system is being utilized to analyze high value, limit samples, that cannot be replaced and if compromised through a lack of system maintenance, improper maintenance, and/or is not calibrated on a routine basis would have a series impact/delay on critical research efforts. Coverage is required for the following instruments below with the corresponding service plans: ORBITRAP ECLIPSE, PTR READY Serial # FSN40256 Coverage: UNITY ESSENTIAL SUPPORT PLAN-MSPEC-LC-MS FAIMS PRO Serial# FAIMS-20572 Coverage: Standard Options Plan-LSMS UltiMate 3000 NCS-3500RS NANO Nano-Cap-S, Serial# 8111932 Coverage: UNTY ESSENTIAL PLAN CHROM LC DNX UltiMate 3000 WPS 3000TFC ANALYTICAL Serial# 8116925 Coverage: UNTY ESSENTIAL PLAN CHROM LC DNX Ultimate 3000 VWD-3400RS, S/N 8118176 Coverage: UNTY ESSENTIAL PLAN CHROM LC DNX Plan includes: •Unlimited number of demand on-site service visits with a maximum 72-hour response •Engineer labor and travel is included •Priority status for technical support inquiries •One (1) Scheduled Preventative Maintenance visit •Thermo Scientific supplied personal computers are covered •OEM Factory-certified replacement parts included •Subscription to e-Support Online Technical Resources •Parts, Accessories or Consumables for end user during active contractInstitute based or on-site training for chromatography, mass spectrometry or trace. - Software and firmware updates upon request and in conjunction with a scheduled Preventive Maintenance or Corrective Maintenance visit (updates are defined as changes Quoting Instructions: •DUE TO THE SENSITIVE NATURE OF THE PROJECTS, SERVICES PROVIDED MUST BE OF EQUAL SERVICE PROVIDED UNDER A DIRECT CONTRACT FROM THE MANUFACTURER, THERMO ELECTRON. •ALL 3RD PARTY OFFERORS MUST INCLUDE THERMO ELECTRON CERTIFICATION DOCUMENTATION AS A DEALER /SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THERMO ELECTRON FOR QUOTES TO BE CONSIDERED. •ALL 3RD PARTY OFFERORS, IF PROVIDING A QUOTE FOR SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER A BILLABLE CONTRACT, MUST INCLUDE THERMO ELECTRON CERTIFICATION DOCUMENTATION CONFIRMING A BILLABLE CONTRACT SERVICE IS OF EQUAL SERVICE AS A DIRECT CONTRACT, INCLUDING PRIORTY RESPONSE TIME. Payment Terms: Quarterly in Arrears. Period of Performance: April 27, 2026 - April 26, 2027. Place of Performance: NIH/NIAID, 4 Memorial Drive, Bethesda, MD 20892. The government intends to award a firm fixed price purchase order to the responsible contractor as a result of this RFQ that will include the terms and conditions set forth herein. The award will be based on the following: technical capability to meet the requirements and price. By submitting a quote in response to this solicitation, vendor is accepting the following terms and conditions: The following FAR provisions apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1 Instructions to Offerors Commercial Items (SEP 2023) FAR 52.212-3 Offerors Representations and Certifications - Commercial Items (MAY 2024) FAR 52.204-7 System for Award Management (NOV 2024) FAR 52.204–26 Covered Telecommunications Equipment or Services-Representation (OCT 2020) *** Must complete representation if attached to this solicitation- see attachment 52.204-26 The following FAR contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52-212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (NOV 2023) FAR 52-212.5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Commercial Items (NOV 2024) *The applicable subparagraphs of FAR52.212-5 are included in the attachment to this posting. By submission of an offer, the offeror acknowledges the requirement that a prospective awardee shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award, during performance, and through final payment of any contract, basic agreement, basic ordering agreement, or blanket purchasing agreement resulting from this solicitation (www.sam.gov). This notice does not oblige the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for any information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization's qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. For additional information or to submit responses, please contact Jessica Emerson, at jessica.emerson@nih.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jessica Emerson
  - Email: jessica.emerson@nih.gov
  - Phone: 3014802227
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Linda Smith
  - Email: linda.smith2@nih.gov
  - Phone: 2402369341

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: .204-26 The following FAR contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52-212-4 Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Items (NOV 2023) FAR 52-212.5 Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders Commercial Items (NOV 2024) *The applicable subparagraphs of FAR52.212-5 are included in the attachment to this posting. By submission of an offer, the offeror acknowledges the requirement that a prospective awardee shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database prior to award, during performance, and through final payment of any contract, basic agreement, basic ordering agreement, or blanket purchasing agreement resulting from this solicitation (www.sam.gov). This notice does not oblige the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for any information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization"s qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. For additional information or to submit responses, please contact Jessica Emerson, at jessica.emerson@nih.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8bb4c337ea08418c85ff979420f7217b/view)