---
layout: default
title: Procurement for Spare Parts for the Pilot, Co-Pilot, and Mechanic Seats for the MH-65E Aircraft.
agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: d0ef97b10d814c159d054c93ad88dc19
---

# Procurement for Spare Parts for the Pilot, Co-Pilot, and Mechanic Seats for the MH-65E Aircraft.

- Agency: HOMELAND SECURITY, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 14:58:00.489-04
- Solicitation Number: 70Z03826RB0000006

## Summary

*Amendment 1 - the Date Offers Due is extended to 23 March 2026 at 4:30 pm EDT.* This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR subpart 12.202, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotations are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 70Z03826RB0000006 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ). This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through the Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) effective as of November 28, 2025. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 336413. The small business size standard is 1,250 employees. This is being solicited on a sole source basis. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which shall be considered by the agency. The United States Coast Guard (USCG), Aviation Logistics Center (ALC), Elizabeth City, NC intends to award an Indefinite Delivery Requirements type contract to BAE Systems Land & Armaments, L.P. (BAE) of Phoenix, AZ. This requirement will be solicited on an other than full and open competition basis under the authority of FAR 12.102 (b) for the procurement of spare parts for the pilot, co-pilot, and mechanic aircraft seats on the MH-65E Aircraft. BAE (Cage Code 54786) is the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and the only distributor source in North America capable of providing the required parts in the Schedule. The contract will consist of a one-year base period and if exercised, up to four (4) one-year option periods. This contract shall not exceed five (5) years. See the following attached documents titled: “Attachment 1 – Schedule of Supplies 70Z03826RB0000006”, “Attachment 2 – Provisions, Clauses, and Terms and Conditions 70Z03826RB0000006”, and “Attachment 3 - Redacted J and A – 70Z03826RB0000006”. Concerns having the expertise and required capabilities to provide these items are invited to submit offers in accordance with the requirements stipulated in this solicitation. Parts must be approved in accordance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) guidelines to ensure safety of our aircrew. The Government shall ensure all procurements are awarded without jeopardizing quality or safety of flight. Only the use of airworthy commercial specifications or standard military specifications/military standard parts will be utilized and approved from this solicitation. Newly manufactured commercial items will only be procured from sources able to provide a Certificate of Conformance (COC) and traceability to the OEM. The Federal Aviation Regulation, Part 21, outlines certification procedures. The contractor shall furnish a Certificate of Conformance (COC) in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.246-15. Certificate of conformance must be submitted in the format specified in the clause. All parts shall be NEW approved parts. Offerors must be able to provide necessary certification including traceability to the manufacturer, manufacturer's COC and its own COC to ensure parts are in airworthy condition, suitable for installation on USCG aircraft. Prospective vendors who are not the OEM or an authorized distributor must provide traceability for the offered product back to the manufacturer or authorized distributor. Traceability means a clear, complete, documented, and auditable paper trail which traces each step from an OEM or distributor to its current location. Traceability to the OEM must have only two exchanges prior to USCG delivery. Alternate parts will not be authorized. NO SUBSTITUTE PARTS WILL BE CONSIDERED. ONLY NEW PARTS WILL BE ACCEPTED. The Government reserves the right to withhold any item or group of items contained in this solicitation upon award. The Government reserves the right to make a single award, to make multiple awards covering different subsets of CLINs, or to make no award. The Government shall assume, for the purpose of making multiple awards, that $500 would be the administrative cost to the Government for issuing and administering each contract awarded under this solicitation. Individual awards shall be for the items or combinations of items that result in the lowest cost to the Government including the assumed administrative costs. The government shall ensure all procurements are awarded without jeopardizing quality or safety of flight. NOTE: NO DRAWINGS, SPECIFICATIONS OR SCHEMATICS ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS AGENCY. Closing date and time for receipt of offers is 9 March 2026 at 4:30 pm EDT. Any quotation received after the closing date and time specified are considered late. E-mailed quotations are required and shall be sent to Livia.M.Pippen@uscg.mil. Please indicate solicitation 70Z03826RB0000006 in the subject line. Phone call quotations WILL NOT be accepted.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Livia M. Pippen
  - Email: livia.m.pippen@uscg.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Terrie L. Pickard
  - Email: Terrie.L.Pickard@uscg.mil
  - Phone: 5716076543

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: – Schedule of Supplies 70Z03826RB0000006”, “Attachment 2 – Provisions, Clauses, and Terms and Conditions 70Z03826RB0000006”, and “Attachment 3 - Redacted J and A – 70Z03826RB0000006”. Concerns having the expertise and required capabilities to provide these items are invited to submit offers in accordance with the requirements stipulated in this solicitation. Parts must be approved in accordance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) guidelines to ensure safety of our aircrew. The Government shall ensure all procurements are awarded without jeopardizing quality or safety of flight. Only the use of airworthy commercial specifications or standard military specifications/military standard parts will be utilized and approved from this solicitation. Newly manufactured commercial items will only be procured from sources able to provide a Certificate of Conformance (COC) and traceability to the OEM. The Federal Aviation Regulation, Part 21, outlines certification procedures. The contractor shall furnish a Certificate of Conformance (COC) in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) clause 52.246-15. Certificate of conformance must be submitted in the format specified in the clause. All parts shall be NEW approved parts. Offerors must be able to provide necessary certification including traceability to the manufacturer, manufacturer"s COC and its own COC to ensure parts are in airworthy condition, suitable for installation on USCG aircraft. Prospective vendors who are not the OEM or an authorized distributor must provide traceability for the offered product back to the manufacturer or authorized distributor. Traceability means a clear, complete, documented, and auditable paper trail which traces each step from an OEM or distributor to its current location. Traceability to the OEM must have only two exchanges prior to USCG delivery. Alternate parts will not be authorized. NO SUBSTITUTE PARTS WILL BE CONSIDERED. ONLY NEW PARTS WILL BE ACCEPTED. The Government reserves the right to withhold any item or group of items contained in this solicitation upon award. The Government reserves the right to make a single award, to make multiple awards covering different subsets of CLINs, or to make no award. The Government shall assume, for the purpose of making multiple awards, that $500 would be the administrative cost to the Government for issuing and administering each contract awarded under this solicitation. Individual awards shall be for the items or combinations of items that result in the lowest cost to the Government including the assumed administrative costs. The government shall ensure all procurements are awarded without jeopardizing quality or safety of flight. NOTE: NO DRAWINGS, SPECIFICATIONS OR SCHEMATICS ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS AGENCY. Closing date and time for receipt of offers is 9 March 2026 at 4:30 pm EDT. Any quotation received after the closing date and time specified are considered late. E-mailed quotations are required and shall be sent to Livia.M.Pippen@uscg.mil. Please indicate solicitation 70Z03826RB0000006 in the subject line. Phone call quotations WILL NOT be accepted

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d0ef97b10d814c159d054c93ad88dc19/view)