---
layout: default
title: CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 61fb270c871649979939d472edd92327
---

# CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 09:56:27.726-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QXA34

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N774.9|CFA|771-229-0467|DARIAN.M.HOLLEY.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| HIGHER-LEVEL CONTRACT QUALITY REQUIREMENT (DEC 2014)|1|IS09001| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT COMBO|N/A|TBD|N00104|TBD|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE|TBD|SEE SCHEDULE||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS MECHANICSBURG| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| SMALL BUSINESS SUBCONTRACTING PLAN (DOD CONTRACTS)-BASIC (DEV 2026-O0037)(FEB 2026))|2||| WARRANTY OF DATA-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0035) (FEB 2026)|2||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| LIST OF SOLICITATION ATTACHMENTS|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (DEVIATION 2026-O0043)(FEB 2026))|13|||||||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||| A. Electronic submission of any quotes, representations, and any necessary certifications shall be accomplished via an email directed to darian.m.holley.civ@US.NAVY.MIL. B. General Requirements: MIL-STD Packaging, Government Source Inspection Required. C. All freight is FOB Origin. D. This RFQ is for a BUY/Procurement. The resultant award of this solicitation will be issued bilaterally, requiring the contractor's written acceptance prior to execution. Verify nomenclature, part number, and NSN prior to responding. E. Only a Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) will be accepted. F. Must adhere to IUID requirements of DFARS 252.211-7003 G. The ultimate awardee of the proposed contract action must be an authorized source. Award of the proposed contract action will not be delayed while an unauthorized source seeks to obtain authorization. H. Your quote should include the following information for justification purposes: - New procurement unit price____________________ - Total Price _____________________ - Procurement delivery lead time (PTAT) _________________ days - Award to CAGE _______________ - Inspection & Acceptance CAGE, if not at Award to CAGE _____________ - Cost breakdown requested, including profit rate (if feasible). - Quote expiration date _______________ (90 Days minimum is requested). - Delivery Vehicle (If Delivery Order requested)(e.g. if your CAGE has a current BOA/IDIQ) I. Important Traceability Notice: If you are not the manufacturer of the material you are offering, you must provide an official letter and/or email from the OEM confirming that your company is an authorized distributor of their items. EVALUATION FACTORS: Evaluation Utilizing Simplified Acquisition Procedures The Government will issue an order resulting from this Request for Quotation to the responsible offeror whose quotation results in the best value to the Government, considering both price and a non-price factors. The following factors will be used to evaluate quotations in order of relative importance: 1) Price. 2) Past Performance. The offeror's past performance on related contracts will be evaluated to determine the following as appropriate: successful performance of contract requirements, quality and timeliness of delivery of goods and services, cost management, communications between contracting parties, and customer satisfaction. 3) Supplier Performance Risk as described in DFARS 252.204-7024. (End of provision) Quotes shall be received no later than the date specified in the solicitation in order to be considered. \ 1. SCOPE

1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.1.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained.

2.3 Identification of Classified Documents - This contract/purchase order requires the Contractor to have authorized access to classified documents in accordance with the attached Contract Security Classification Specification (DD Form 254). The classified documents and security level are: ;IAW DWG 5894148 rev J para 3.2.1.1DWG 5759651 requires dd254.; DRAWING DATA=WS15252 |53711| G| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5727489 |53711| R|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5727490 |53711| Y|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5893725 |53711| V| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5893725 |53711| T|PL |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5894148 |53711| J|DOC|D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5905620 |53711| C|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5906555 |53711| G|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=5906556 |53711| B|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105229 |53711| D|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105240 |53711| D|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105301 |53711| B|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105311 |53711| D|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105312 |53711| D|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105313 |53711| F|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105314 |53711| E|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105315 |53711| E|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105316 |53711| F|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105317 |53711| D|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105318 |53711| D|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105319 |53711| E|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105320 |53711| E|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105321 |53711| F|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105322 |53711| E|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6105323 |53711| C|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6120457 |53711| B|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6120458 |53711| A|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6239880 |53711| C|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6239881 |53711| A|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6239882 |53711| A|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6370928 |53711| A|FN |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=6657093 |53711| A|FN |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-129 | | |P |041029|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |010417|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |950113|A| |03| 3. REQUIREMENTS

3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC furnished under this contract/purchase order shall be the design represented by Cage Code(s) reference number(s). Cage _______ ref. no. ;53711 5893725;

3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-129; .

3.3 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.3.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor.

3.4 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere.

3.5 Security Clearance Required - This contract/purchase order requires the Contractor to have a Government Security Clearance in accordance with the attached Contract Security Classification Specification (DD Form 254).

3.6 Production Lot Approval (Contractor Testing) - Production Lot Test and approval is required. 3.7 ;To become a qualified manufacturer of any of the cables listed above, the contractor must manufacture two (2) each of the 5W1, 5W2, 5W7, and 5W8 Cable Assemblies and test them IAW the requirements of specification 53711-5894148, REV J.;

3.8 Serialization - The supplier shall mark a serial number on each CABLE ASSEMBLY,SPEC in accordance with ;IAW 5894148 REV J para 3.3.4 IAW 5893725 REV V note 23; . Actual serial numbers will be assigned ;APPLY A GOVERNMENT SERIAL NUMBER TO EACH UNIT MANUFACTURED. SERIALNUMBER SHALL BE OBTAINED FROM COMMANDER, NUWC DIVISION NEWPORT,NEWPORT, RI 02841-1708.Serial numbers are now obtained from NUWCNewport by sending NUWC_NPT_SERIALNUMBERS@NAVY.MIL; .

3.9 Marking - This assembly and its piece parts shall be physically identified in accordance with MIL-STD-130. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Quality System Requirements - The supplier shall provide and maintain a quality system acceptable to the Government. The quality system requirements shall be in accordance with ISO 9001. 4.2.1 ;Suppliers currently using and maintaining Inspection System Requirements to MIL-I-45208 are granted permission to utilize this if desired.;

4.3 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.4 Records of Inspection - (This requirement is not applicable to Government Purchase Orders) Records of all inspection work performed by the Contractor, as referenced elsewhere in this contract, shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of the contract and for a period of four years after final delivery of supplies. 4.5 ;FAT testing, All CDRLS and Production Lot testing has been waived for OTSI.;

4.6 Production Lot Test (Contractor) - The Contractor shall perform Production Lot Testing in accordance with ;IAW DWG 5894148 REV J. Preproduction Sample - A preproduction sample of two (2) each of the 5W1,5W2, 5W7 and 5W8 Cable Assemblies shall be manufactured using the methodsand procedures proposed for production. The sample shall be tested asspecified in specification 53711-5894148, Section 4, for the purpose ofdetermining that the contractor, prior to starting production, is capableof producing items that comply with the design and the technical requirementsof the contract. If, after submission of the preproduction sample, a designchange is made to the Cable Assembly sufficient to affect its safety, life,or operational characteristics, or substantially altered facilities are usedin production, a new preproduction sample shall be manufactured by thecontractor and tested as specified in specification 53711-5894148, Section 4. Previously qualified contractors do not need to provide Preproduction Samples. .

4.7 Quality Conformance Inspection - The contractor is responsible for conducting a Quality Conformance Inspection in accordance with ;Quality Conformance Inspection IAW DWG 5894148 Rev J paragraph 4.2 ; , paragraph ;Paragraph 4.2.1.3 Documentation. ; and preparing an inspection report in accordance with the Contract Data Requirements List, DD Form 1423. 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH. ;Section 4. Provisions of preproduction samplesshall be in accordance with 4.2.1.1. 4.2.1 Production sampling. 4.2.1.1 Preproduction sampling. A preproductionsample of two (2) each of the 5W1, 5W2, 5W7, and5W8 Type II Interface Cable Assemblies shall bemanufactured using the methods and proceduresproposed for production. The sample shall pass the quality conformance tests as specified inFigure 2 prior to submission to an activitydesignated by the procuring agency to determinecompliance with the requirements of thespecifications and drawings. Further production ofthe Type II Interface Cable Assemblies by thecontractor prior to approval by the contractingagency will be at the supplier's risk. If they pass all the preproduction testing,Government will give approval to then doproduction of the cable assembly under contract.From the production run, 2 each (from lots of 50)shall be tested per the requirements of 3.4.2 to determine if the production run lot(s) pass. 3.4.2 Periodic quality conformance sample. Fromeach production lot (or partial production lot)of Type II Interface Cable Assemblies that havepassed the quality conformance tests of Figure 1,a sample shall be selected at random by aGovernment inspector for submission to an activitydesignated by the procuring agency to determinecompliance with the requirements of thespecifications and drawings. Provisions of theperiodic sample shall be in accordance with 4.2.1.2. 4.2.1.2 Periodic sampling. From each production lotof 50 of each type of Type II Interface Cable Assemblythat has passed the quality conformance tests as specified in Figure 1, a sample of two (2) of eachtype of Type II Interface Cable Assemblies will beselected at random by the Government inspector for submission to an activity designated by the procuringagency to determine compliance with the specifications and drawings.; 6.1.1 ;DD254 is required for drawing 5759651. ; 6.1.2 ;A copy of the Quality Assurance Provisions (QAP) for P/N 5893725 Cable Assembly5W1 can be found on S: WSS General Shares N97 General Shares N9713 Technical Torpedo (QAPs) QUALITY ASSURANCE PROVISIONS.; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=030 DAC ;Preproduction tests are those tests performed on the sample selected as 4.2.1.1 to verify that the requirements of this specification are met prior to the start of production. The preproduction tests are detailed in Figures 2 and 3. ; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;Copies of the Certificate of Quality Compliance CDRLs shall be delivered to the Engineering Support Activity,NUWC Newport: NWPTNUWC_8554_QAPCDRL@navy.mil james.c.ferguson1.civ@us.navy.mil patrick.r.faerber.civ@us.navy.mil Recommend a Post Award Conference be conducted with the contractor/supplier to review the item Key Features. The government Engineering Support Activity, NUWC Newport, would like to participate in the conference if one is scheduled.; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=EOC Submit before material delivery a Certificate of Compliance per DI-MISC-81356 to Block 14 addresses. A separate Certificate of Compliance shall be prepared and submitted for each unique combination of Contract/Purchase Order Number, National Stock Number and Item Nomenclature specified in the schedule of Supply/Services. ;Copies of the Certificate of Quality Compliance CDRLs shall be delivered to the Engineering Support Activity, NUWC Newport: NWPT.NUWC_8554_QAPCDRL@navy.mil james.c.ferguson1.civ@us.navy.mil patrick.r.faerber.civ@us.navy.mil Recommend a Post Award Conference be conducted with the contractorsupplier to review the item Key Features. The governmentEngineering Support Activity, NUWC Newport, would like toparticipate in the conference if one is scheduled. ; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=030 DAC ;Copies of the Certificate of Quality Compliance CDRLs shall be delivered to theEngineering Support Activity, NUWC Newport: NWPT.NUWC_8554_QAPCDRL@navy.mil james.c.ferguson1.civ@us.navy.mil patrick.r.faerber.civ@us.navy.mil Recommend a Post Award Conference be conducted with the contractor/supplier to review the item Key Features. The government Engineering Support Activity, NUWCNewport, would like to participate in the conference if one is scheduled. ;

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 7176051339
  - Email: DARIAN.M.HOLLEY.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order
- Attachment 2: . Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.3.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/61fb270c871649979939d472edd92327/view)