---
layout: default
title: Z2DA-- 657-22-112JC, Phase1: Prepare Site For New Cath Labs, Rooms B510 and B516
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 5ed0129ff8594692a70f19ad4ff58336
---

# Z2DA-- 657-22-112JC, Phase1: Prepare Site For New Cath Labs, Rooms B510 and B516

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-13 09:29:34.843-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25526Q0261
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 5 of 5 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 5 DESCRIPTION The VA Saint Louis Health Care System, John Cochran Division, requires a Construction Contractor to prepare existing space on the fifth floor of the main hospital for two new cath lab imaging systems. Work includes, but not limited to, the refreshment & renovation of Rooms B506, B510, B511, B512, B513, & B516 a. Prepare existing space for two new cath lab imaging systems and potential renovation to the control room, supply areas, and patient prep area. This project has a set of drawings and specifications that have been created by an Architectural-Engineering firm. These drawings and specifications indicate the work to be performed at the John Cochran VAMC. Title: 657-22-112JC, Phase1: Prepare Site For New Cath Labs, Rooms B510 and B516 Solicitation Number: 36C25526R0095 Contracting Office: Network Contracting Office 15 Contracting Office Location: 3450 S 4th Street Traffic way, Leavenworth, Kansas Posted Date: 03/13/2026 Response Date: 03/23/2026 at 2:00 PM Central Time Set Aside: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Classification Code: Z2DA - Repair or Alteration of Hospitals and Infirmaries NAICS Code: 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction Synopsis: Please note that this is NOT a request for quotes or proposals, the Government is seeking information for market research purposes only. The Government may or may not issue solicitation documents. The Department of Veterans Affairs Network Contracting Office (NCO) 15, is conducting a market survey for qualified: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB), capable of providing the required services outlined below for the John Cochran VA Medical Center, Saint Louis, Missouri. The applicable NAICS code is 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction and the size standard is $45.0 Million. Responses to this notice must be submitted via e-mail and received no later than March 23, 2026, at 2:00 PM Central Time. No telephone inquiries will be accepted or returned. Additional information about this project will be issued on the Federal Contract Opportunities website https://www.sam.gov once available. Period of Performance for all work is 210 calendar days. In accordance with FAR 36.204, the estimated cost magnitude is between $1,000,000.00 and $5,000,000.00 Prospective SDVOSB firms are reminded that in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 52.219-14(e)(3), the Contractor agrees it will not pay more than 85 percent of the amount paid by the Government for contract performance, excluding the cost of materials, to subcontractors that are not similarly situated entities. Any work that a similarly situated entity further subcontracts will count towards the prime contractor's 85 percent subcontract amount that cannot be exceeded. GENERAL SCOPE OF WORK: Work includes, but is not limited to, general construction, alterations, mechanical, electrical & plumbing work, utility systems, fire protection systems, abatement work, necessary demolition and removal of existing structures, associated appurtenances, and certain other items necessary completion. All work shall be performed in accordance with solicitation/contract terms and conditions, specifications and drawings, and all applicable VA TIL and local and National codes. Contractor shall furnish all supervision, tools, labor, materials, equipment, transportation and testing necessary. Contractor will perform site investigations to fully inform themselves of the conditions and limitations applied to the work. The drawings and specifications include guidance on: Working hours allowed on this project. ICRA (Infection Control Risk Assessments) requirements and containment barriers. ILSM (Interim Life Safety Measures). Division of responsibilities between contractor and equipment vendor. This Statement of Work (SOW) is intended as an outline and is not a detailed summary of the work the contractor will be required to perform. In the event of conflict between this SOW and the project drawings and specifications, the drawings and specifications will take precedence over this SOW. The project will be completed within 210 calendar days from receipt of Notice to Proceed (NTP). END OF SCOPE OF WORK Interested firms must be registered in https://sam.gov with NAICS code 236220 and qualified as a Service Disabled Veteran Owned small business under 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction. Qualified service-disabled veteran owned small businesses are encouraged to respond and required to be registered in with the Small Business Administration (SBA) registry https://veterans.certify.sba.gov on or before the response date. If interested in this opportunity, please provide Capability Statement via email. The Capability Statement is designed to inform the Department of Veteran Affairs of any prospective construction contractors' project execution capabilities. The submission is limited to 10 pages which shall include the following information: 1) Offeror's name, address, point of contact, phone number, e-mail address, and Unique Entity ID. 2) Offeror's interest in bidding on the solicitation when it is issued. 3) Offeror's capability to perform a contract of this magnitude and complexity and comparable work performed within the past 5 years - brief description of the project, customer name, timeliness of performance, customer satisfaction, and dollar value of the project - provide at least 1, but no more than 3 completed construction examples. 4) Offeror's CVE certification as a Veteran owned business. 5) Please provide Socio-economic status for NAICS code 236220 Commercial and Institutional Building Construction and provide percentage of self-performed labor your company can perform for this type of project. 6) Offeror's Joint Venture information if applicable - existing and potential. 7) Offeror's Bonding Capability in the form of a letter from Surety providing bonding level per contract and aggregate. No basis for claim against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this sources sought or Government use of any information provided. The Government will not pay for information or comments provided and will not recognize any costs associated with submission of comments. There is no guarantee, expressed or implicit, that market research for this acquisition will result in a particular set-aside, or any other guarantee of award or acquisition strategy. Responses must be received by 2:00 PM Central on March 23, 2026, via e-mail to the Contracting Officer at Matthew.Finley@va.gov and Contract Specialist Abby.Monroe2@va.gov PLEASE REFERENCE "SOURCES SOUGHT: 657-22-112JC, Phase1: Prepare Site For New Cath Labs, Rooms B510 and B516 , IN THE SUBJECT LINE and cover sheet. Respondents will not be contacted regarding their submission or information gathered as a result of this Sources Sought notice. Interested firms shall be required to respond to additional announcements separately from this announcement without further notice from the Government when posted to the Contract Opportunities website at https://sam.gov. The Contract Opportunities website is the only official site to obtain these documents. Contracting Office Address: Department of Veterans Affairs; Network 15 Contracting Office; 3450 S. 4th Street, Leavenworth, KS 66048 Point of Contact(s): Abby Monroe, Contract Specialist, e-mail address: Abby.Monroe2@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Abby L Monroe
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: abby.monroe2@va.gov
  - Phone: 913-946-9916

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/5ed0129ff8594692a70f19ad4ff58336/view)