---
layout: default
title: Test, Evaluation, and Support Team 4 (TEST4)
agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: c9d280b44a0a4ef1a9772ce95385b525
---

# Test, Evaluation, and Support Team 4 (TEST4)

- Agency: NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-04-24 15:30:22.337-04
- Solicitation Number: TEST4_Industry_Day

## Summary

Modification 4 This is modification 4 to the Special Notice entitled TEST4_Industry_Day which was posted on December 02, 2025. The Questions and Answers from the virtual Industry Day held on December 10, 2025, have been posted along with the Interested Parties List. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Modification 3 This is modification 3 to the Special Notice entitled TEST4_Industry_Day which was posted on December 02, 2025. You are notified of the following information about the NASA/JSC/WSTF Site Tour and One-on-Ones. The NASA/Johnson Space Center (JSC)/White Sands Test Facility (WSTF) plans to conduct a Site Tour for the Test Evaluation and Support Team follow-on contract. NASA/WSTF is soliciting firms to attend this event on Tuesday, January 13, 2026, starting at 8:00 a.m. MST, in Las Cruces, NM. Designated meeting point will be provided upon registration. NASA personnel will be available for one-on-one communication opportunities on Wednesday, January 14, 2026, from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. MST. Please be advised one-on-one meetings will be scheduled on a first-registered, first-served basis. The NASA/JSC/WSTF is considering follow-on activities to the current Test, Evaluation, and Support Team 3 (TEST3) contract, 80JSC022DA003, ending January 31, 2027. A Sources Sought Synopsis was posted on September 24, 2025, requesting industry information to consider as part of the Market Research process. The current draft Performance Work Statement (PWS) and the technical library was also posted with the Sources Sought Synopsis. It is the potential offeror’s responsibility to monitor sam.gov for updates. Attendance of the WSTF TEST4 Site Tour and One-on-Ones is neither required nor a prerequisite for proposal submission and will not be considered during the evaluation process. Following the Site Tour event, Questions & Answers and an updated list of industry participants will be posted on sam.gov. ATTENDANCE LIMITATIONS: The total number of One-on-one meeting attendees is strictly limited to four (4) representatives per company. Attendance for the WSTF site tour is limited to two (2) representatives per company. Due to increased badging requirements, all WSTF site tour participants must be US citizens or Lawful Permanent Residents (LPRs). REGISTRATION MUST BE COMPLETED BY 12 P.M. MST WEDNESDAY, January 07, 2026. One-on-One Meeting Description: To facilitate interactive communications with industry, NASA personnel will be available for private One-on-One Meetings. The meetings will be held at pre-defined time blocks with those interested parties who request a One-on-One meeting via a registration/reservation request. Meeting timeslots will be determined on a first-registered, first-served basis and assigned by the Government until all available time slots have been filled. Each One-on-One session will be limited to 25-minutes. Please note that formal presentations are not required and recording devices are not permitted. Additionally, in order to preserve fair and equal access to information for all potential offerors, questions requiring information not previously shared must be submitted in writing for the Government to post the answer. Topics for the One-on-One meetings should be as follows: Acceptable Topics for One-on-One Meetings with Industry The general purpose of the current contract Any information about WSTF that NASA has already made accessible to the public or is otherwise being made available to all potential offerors Historical information about the general nature or scope of prior similar contracts whose requirements may be similarly addressed in whole or in part under the current contract Information that describes the federal procurement process as defined in the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR), NASA FAR Supplement (NFS) or other published procurement policy documents Procurement specific information already published such as information contained in the TEST4 Government presentation. Unacceptable Topics for One-on-One Meetings with Industry Proprietary or confidential business information of contractor(s) or other business entities performing similar ongoing efforts Privacy Act protected information such as existing contractor employees’ personal data Trade Secrets Act protected information Speculation on what the Government “might be looking for in the proposals” Different technical and management approaches Technical efficiencies Any particular areas of “Government emphasis” Performance information of other contractors currently providing similar requirements which could become TEST4 competitors WSTF Site Tour Description: As noted above, NASA personnel will provide a group site tour (WSTF Tour attendance must be requested at the time of registration). The purpose of the site tour is to help assist industry to understand the general size and layout of the WSTF facility to better assist industry in understanding some of the complexities in operating WSTF. Due to the large size of the facility, difficulty in maintaining an inclusive conversation (fairness of all participants), and in the interest of time, the site tour shall not be used as a question and answer session. The Government intends to respond to all submitted written questions, this will help ensure everyone receives the same information. WSTF Site Tour Attendance: RSVP for the site tour is required. Failure to provide all of the required information will result in denial of the site tour. All participants touring WSTF must be US citizens or Lawful Permanent Residents (LPRs) and possess and produce a valid federal or state issued photo identification to receive a badge. If a state issued driver’s license is used for identification, the state of issue must be clearly stated in the RSVP information (identification from all US states will be accepted, however WSTF must comply with NASA reporting requirements associated with the Real ID Act). Special Safety Information for the WSTF Site Tour: WSTF is a hazardous test facility. Tour participants will not be allowed to wear open-toe shoes, high heels, shorts or dresses. Participants will be outside in a very dry, high altitude, desert environment. Proper outer wear such as hat and/or sunscreen is recommended. There will be a significant amount of walking involved with the tour (inside and out), and will include walking up and down stairways, on uneven surfaces, and down tunnels and narrow passageways. Because WSTF is a hazardous test facility, there is very limited handicapped access during the tour. If special accommodations are required, please make a note on the registration request so that accommodations may be considered. Smoking is allowed only in designated areas. Smoking will not be allowed in the transportation vehicles, hazardous areas or inside any buildings. No photography will be allowed. TEST4 SITE TOUR RSVP REQUIREMENTS Potential offerors interested in attending the TEST4 Site Tour and/or requesting to participate in a One-on-one Meeting shall RSVP by 12:00 noon, MST on Wednesday, January 7, 2026. The due date for registration will not be extended. A confirmation email will be sent to acknowledge your planned participation and assigned One-on-One meeting day and time confirmation (if requested) shortly after registration. RSVP shall be made by sending the "TEST4 Site Tour Registration" Form via E-mail, submission jsc-wstf-test4@mail.nasa.gov. To register, you must provide the following information when registering (each attendee must register): Full legal name as shown on official photo identification (as defined by the REAL ID Act) Name of company you will be representing Citizenship Status (only U.S. Citizens and Legal Permanent Resident can participate in site tour) Confirmation if you are registering to schedule a One-on-One Meeting Confirmation if you intend to participate in the Site Tour This announcement is for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP)/solicitation. Any requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this announcement and any follow-up information requested. No basis for claim against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this announcement or Government use of any information provided. This announcement does not restrict the Government's right to consider acquisition strategies as deemed appropriate. It is the potential offeror's responsibility to monitor this website for updates and related documents. Information concerning the TEST4 procurement may be viewed at the following website: https://www.nasa.gov/johnson/jsc-procurement/test4/ ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Modification 2 This is modification 2 to the Special Notice entitled TEST4_Industry_Day which was posted on December 02, 2025. You are notified of the following: 1. Questions pertaining to Industry Day charts will be accepted up to Friday, December 12, 2025 at 4:00PM MT. Please send questions to jsc-wstf-test4@mail.nasa.gov. 2. TEST4 Industry Day Charts rev1 has been uploaded. Revisions are as follows: - Slide 26 - Corrected NAICS Code and Size Standard - Slide 48 - Updated slide to include number of attendees for the one-on-one meeting and site tour. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Modification 1 This is modification 1 to the Special Notice entitled TEST4_Industry_Day which was posted on December 02, 2025. You are notified that the following document has been posted: TEST4 Industry Day Charts ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The NASA/Johnson Space Center (JSC)/White Sands Test Facility (WSTF) plans to conduct a virtual Industry Day for the Test, Evaluation, and Support Team follow-on contract. NASA/WSTF is soliciting firms to attend this event via Microsoft TEAMS on Wednesday, December 10, 2025 from 9:00 a.m. MST to 10:00 a.m. MST. No verbal questions will be taken. All questions shall be posted into the TEAMS chat function. Attendance of the virtual WSTF TEST4 Industry Day is neither required nor a prerequisite for proposal submission and will not be considered during the evaluation process. Following the Industry Day event, Questions & Answers and an updated interested parties list will be posted on sam.gov and the TEST4 website (https://www.nasa.gov/johnson/jsc-procurement/test4/). If you do not wish to be included on the list, you must indicate that your company does not want to be included. The goals of TEST4 Industry Day are to: 1. Provide industry with an overview of the TEST4 acquisition and the current work processes conducted at WSTF. 2. Develop industry’s understanding of the Government’s current vision and mission, and WSTF’s role. 3. Promote competition and solicit feedback on the proposed acquisition. 4. Provide industry with the opportunity to communicate with the Government early enough in the procurement process to provide input into the development of the proposed TEST4 procurement plan (the Government intends to respond to all questions submitted in writing by posting questions and answers on a non-attributable basis on sam.gov and the TEST4 website, noted above). REGISTRATION MUST BE COMPLETED BY 12 P.M. MST TUESDAY, December 09, 2025. Registration is required for each company. Interested parties shall email a copy of the “TEST4 Industry Day Registration Form” to jsc-wstf-test4@mail.nasa.gov. A confirmation email will be sent to acknowledge your reservation and provide further instructions. The Industry Day event allows an opportunity to solicit industry comments for information and planning purposes. The Government intends to provide Industry Day presentation charts to which we seek industry feedback. However, your feedback is not restricted exclusively to these charts. Prospective Offerors are invited to submit written comments, suggestions or questions. All input regarding TEST4 Industry Day shall be directed to the Contracting Officer, Regenia Goldsmith via email to jsc-wstf-test4@mail.nasa.gov. ATTENDANCE LIMITATIONS: The total number of Industry Day attendees is strictly limited to four (4) persons per company. Summary of TEST4 Requirements: WSTF is a unique environment in that it is a remote, hazardous testing facility. It provides unique propulsion test expertise and has capabilities for altitude and ambient testing. WSTF laboratories perform testing designed to better understand materials and components used in space flight. Some of the testing includes: oxygen system materials and components compatibility and functional testing, propellant system materials and component compatibility and functional testing, micrometeoroid and orbital debris (MMOD) impact testing, composite overwrapped pressure vessels (COPV) evaluation and testing, and standard materials testing. WSTF also provides: flight and critical hardware component processing (precision cleaning, component refurbishment and functional testing), machining/welding, measurement standards and calibration services, technical publications including photo/video, facility maintenance and operations, and contract management. WSTF NASA customers include, but are not limited to: International Space Station (ISS) Program, Artemis Orion Program, Space Launch System (SLS), and other NASA Centers. Additionally, WSTF works with the following other Government agencies: Army, Navy, Air Force, Department of Defense, Department of Energy, Department of Transportation, the Food and Drug Administration, the Federal Aviation Administration, and the Environmental Protection Agency. WSTF also performs work for commercial, private companies requiring the testing performed at WSTF. Support will continue to be provided to any future NASA Programs, as well as to external customers both private and Government. WSTF is certified to the ISO 9001 and 14001 standards as a joint Government and contractor certification; additionally, NASA and several of the site contractors are OSHA Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) Star certified. TEST4 Industry Day Description: TEST4 Virtual Industry Day is open to all companies that are interested in pursuing contracting/subcontracting opportunities on the TEST4 procurement whether they have performed work at JSC/WSTF or not. All interested parties are encouraged to attend. After the TEST4 Industry Day presentation, all attendees are encouraged to submit written questions to the Contracting Officer. These questions, along with their official answers will be posted to sam.gov and the TEST4 procurement website, as well as a copy of the Industry Day presentation charts. WSTF Site Tour and One-on-One Meetings: NASA personnel will provide a group Site Tour and private One-on-One meetings tentatively scheduled for January 13-14, 2026. Further details, including registration, will be released at a later time. This announcement is for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP)/solicitation. Any requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this announcement and any follow-up information requested. No basis for claim against the Government shall arise as a result of a response to this announcement or Government use of any information provided. This announcement does not restrict the Government's right to consider acquisition strategies as deemed appropriate. It is the potential offeror's responsibility to monitor sam.gov and the TEST4 website for updates and related documents. Information concerning the TEST4 procurement may be viewed at the following website: https://www.nasa.gov/johnson/jsc-procurement/test4/.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Regenia M. Goldsmith
  - Email: jsc-wstf-test4@mail.nasa.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: John L. Leppala
  - Email: jsc-wstf-test4@mail.nasa.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c9d280b44a0a4ef1a9772ce95385b525/view)