---
layout: default
title: PFAS Analysis in HOPE 1000 Study
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 0f2682ebaa8a4daf9c12ff3d6ac82836
---

# PFAS Analysis in HOPE 1000 Study

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-18 15:36:23.318-04
- Solicitation Number: 75N94026Q00055

## Summary

NON-COMPETITIVE COMBINED SYNOPSIS / SOLICITATION Title: PFAS Analysis in HOPE 1000 study (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6 as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number is 75N94026Q00055 and the solicitation is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). This acquisition is for a commercial item or service and is conducted under the authority of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 13—Simplified Acquisition Procedures; and FAR Part 12—Acquisition of Commercial Items, and is not expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold. THIS IS A NON-COMPETITIVE (NOTICE OF INTENT) COMBINED SYNOPSIS SOLICITATION TO AWARD A CONTRACT OR PURCHASE ORDER WITHOUT PROVIDING FOR FULL OR OPEN COMPETITION (INCLUDING BRAND-NAME). The National Institutes of Health Office of Acquisition and Logistics Management (OALM), on behalf of the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS) intends to negotiate and award a purchase order without providing for full and open competition (Including brand-name) to Emory University, 1518 Clifton Rd., Atlanta, GA 30322 for the purchase of PFAS analysis. The anticipated award date is 4/6/2026. This acquisition is non-competive. The sole source justification is based on the fact that Dr. Douglas Walker's laboratory at Emory University is the only laboratory that offers this novel approach to measuring PFAS, and is the only source capable of meeting the Government’s requirement. (iii) The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06, dated 10/1/2025. (iv) The associated NAICS code 541380 and the small business size standard is $19M. This requirement has no set-aside restrictions. (v) Project requirements: The Contractor shall provide NIEHS with the following services: Receive shipment of plasma samples (n=903), each with 250 ?L, from Duke University and store at -80 degrees C until analysis; Analyze 903 plasma samples using untargeted LC-HRMS to estimate relative quantities of novel PFAS, other exposures, exposomics, and metabolomics; Analyze 903 samples using targeted analysis to quantify PFAS including PFBS and TFA (Supplemental Table 1); Re-freeze and store remaining plasma volume at -80 degrees C until analysis of all samples is complete; Quality control and assurance checks of collected data; Transfer of clean data to Dr. Ferguson at NIEHS; Shipment of remaining samples back to Duke University; Consulting on analysis of data as needed; Consulting on co-authorship of publications that arise from the collected data. Period of Performance: The period of performance will be determined at time of award and will be approximately nine (9) months. (vi) Delivery Location: National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS) 111 TW Alexander Drive Durham, NC 27709 (vii) The provision at FAR clause 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors – Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. (viii) The provision at FAR clause 52.212-2, Evaluation – Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. The award resulting from this solicitation will be made to the responsible offeror whose proposal is most advantageous to the Government, Technical Capability, Past Peformance and other factors considered. (b) A written notice of award or acceptance of an offer, mailed or otherwise furnished to the successful offeror within the time for acceptance specified in the offer, shall result in a binding contract without further action by either party. Before the offer’s specified expiration time, the Government may accept an offer (or part of an offer), whether or not there are negotiations after its receipt, unless a written notice of withdrawal is received before award. (ix) Offerors are to include a completed copy of the provision at FAR clause 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications—Commercial Products and Commercial Services, with its offer. If the offeror has completed FAR clause 52.212-3 at www.sam.gov, then the offeror does not need to provide a completed copy with its offer. (x) The FAR clause at 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions – Commercial Products and Commercial Services, applies to this acquisition. The following FAR provisions or clauses are incorporated by reference: 52.204-7, System for Award Management (Nov 2024) 52.204-13, System for Award Management Maintenance (Oct 2018) 52.204-16, Commercial and Entity Code Reporting (Aug 2020) 52.204-18, Commercial and Entity Code Maintenance (Aug 2020) HHSAR 352.222-70, Contractor Cooperation in Equal Employment Opportunity Investigations (December 18, 2015). 52.212-4(g), Invoice, is supplemented by the NIH Invoice and Payment Instructions (3/2023). (xi) FAR clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required to Implement Statutes or Executive Orders–Commercial Products and Commercial Services (Oct 2025), applies to this acquisition (xii) The offeror must complete and return FAR 52.204-24 and FAR 52.204-26 with its offer. (xiii) Responses to this solicitation must include clear and convincing evidence of the offeror’s capability of fulfilling the requirement as it relates to the technical evaluation criteria. The price proposal must include the labor categories, an estimate of the number of hours required for each labor category, fully loaded fixed hourly rate or each labor category, breakdown and rationale for other direct costs or materials, and the total amount. In addition the Unique Entity Identifier (UEI), the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN), and the certification of business size must be included in the response. All offerors must have an active registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) www.sam.gov. All responses must be received by March 31, 2026, 4:00 pm, Eastern Daylight Time and reference number 75N94026Q00055. Responses shall be submitted electronically to Sarah Bank, Contracting Officer, sarah.bank@nih.gov. (xiv) The name of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Sarah Bank, Contracting Officer, sarah.bank@nih.gov. Attachments: FAR 52.204-24 FAR 52.204-26 Invoice and payment provisions

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: BANK, SARAH N
  - Email: sarah.bank@nih.gov
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: SCHAUPP, LISA L
  - Email: lisa.schaupp@nih.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/0f2682ebaa8a4daf9c12ff3d6ac82836/view)