---
layout: default
title: Compressor Blade Set
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 888e6ff64ec14ac3ac21072327caa887
---

# Compressor Blade Set

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 15:21:00.635-04
- Solicitation Number: SPRTA1-25-R-0356

## Summary

Synopsis PR: FD2030-25-00620 1. Estimated issue date and estimated closing/response date: Issue: 11 August 2025 Closed: 27 August 2025 2. RFP: SPRTA1-25-R-0356 3. Service/Spare/Repair/OH: Spares 4. AMC: 3R 5. Nomenclature/Noun: Compressor Blade Set 6. NSN: 2840-01-502-1299 7. PN: 4087233 8. History: Award date: 20 Dec 2024 under contract SPE4A121G0001 / SPRTA125F0044/ Qty: 42 each / Awardee: Raytheon Technologies Corporation. 9. Description/Function: Item Dimensions: Length 8.0000; Width 3.5000; Height 2.5000; Weight 1.5000. Material Content: Titanium Alloy. Item Function: Fits on the F100-229 engine inlet fan module 3rd stage compressor rotor. The item is a set of two blades. 10. Total Line-Item Quantity: L/I 0001 – 168 Set No Min / Max 11. Application (Engine or Aircraft): F100 12. Destination: DGR002 13. Required Delivery: 168 Set starting on or before 31 May 2026. 14. Qualification Requirements DO exist. 15. Export Control Requirements: No 16. UID: If unit price exceeds $5,000, then UID requirements are applicable. 17. Qualified Sources: RTX Corporation. (Cage 52661) 18. Set-aside: N/A 19. Mandatory Language: In accordance with FAR 5.207(c)(16)(ii), All responsible sources may submit a capability statement, proposal, or quotation, which shall be considered by the agency. This acquisition involves technology that has a military or space application. The extent of foreign participation has not yet been determined. Nothing in this notice contradicts other restrictions, identified in the synopsis notice or solicitation, regarding eligible sources (e.g., if this is a small business set aside, foreign sources may not participate as potential prime contractors but could, if otherwise eligible, participate as subcontractors). Based upon market research, the Government is not using the policies contained in Part 12, Acquisition of Commercial Items, in its solicitation for the described supplies or services. However, interested persons may identify to the contracting officer their interest and capability to satisfy the Government's requirement with a commercial item within 15 days of this notice. Government's obligation under this contract is contingent upon the availability of appropriated funds from which payment for contract purposes can be made. No legal liability on the part of the Government for any payment may arise until funds are made available to the Contracting Officer for this contract and until the Contractor receives notice of such availability, to be confirmed in writing by the Contracting Officer Electronic procedures will be used for this solicitation. Hardcopies of the solicitation will not be sent from this office. The solicitation will be available for download only at www.SAM.gov. Authority: 10 U.S.C. 2304(c) (1), Justification: supplies (or Services) required are available from only one or a limited number of responsible source(s) and no other type of supplies or services will satisfy agency requirements. The proposed contract action is for supplies and services for which the Government intends to solicit and negotiate with only one, or a limited number of sources under the authority of FAR 6.302. This notice of intent is not a request for competition. However, all proposals received within 45 days (30 days if award is issued under an existing basic ordering agreement) after date of publication of this synopsis will be considered by the Government. A determination by the Government not to compete this proposed contract based upon responses to this notice is solely within the discretion of the Government. Information received will normally be considered solely for the purpose of determining whether to conduct a competitive procurement. It is suggested that small business firms or others interested in subcontracting opportunities in connection with the described procurement make contract with the firms(s) listed. Note: While price will be a significant factor in the evaluation of offers, the final contract award decision may be based upon a combination of price and past performance factors as detailed in the solicitation. Note: An Ombudsman has been appointed to hear concerns from offerors or potential offerors during the proposal development phase of this acquisition. The purpose of the Ombudsman is not to diminish the authority of the program director or contracting officer, but to communicate contractor concerns, issues, disagreements and recommendations to the appropriate government personnel. When requested, the Ombudsman will maintain strict confidentiality as to the source of the concern. The Ombudsman does not participate in the evaluation of proposals or in the source selection process. Interested parties are invited to call the Ombudsman at (405) 855-3556. DO NOT CALL THIS NUMBER FOR SOLICITATION REQUESTS. Request for written quotation will be issued. Only written or faxed request received directly from the requestors are acceptable. The anticipated award date will be 60 days after the issuance of this notice. 20. Buyer name, phone#, and email address Questions concerning this synopsis or subsequent solicitation can be directed to buyer James Headington 385-591-1663, james.headington.1@us.af.mil.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: James Headington
  - Email: James.Headington.1@us.af.mil

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/888e6ff64ec14ac3ac21072327caa887/view