---
layout: default
title: J036--PNEUMATIC TUBE SYSTEM UPGRADE - Base [605] | POP: 04/01/2026 - 03/31/2027
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 211d6258c5bc4595b9dafaae9cfa641c
---

# J036--PNEUMATIC TUBE SYSTEM UPGRADE - Base [605] | POP: 04/01/2026 - 03/31/2027

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-20 11:11:13.92-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0417
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Page 1 of Page 1 of Description **AMENDED Q&A (03/20/2026)** - This amendment answers questions raised after the site walk (ATTACHMENT). There will be no more questions answered before the close date. The close date is also EXTENDED to 03/24/2026 at 10:00 PDT. Added Full Text Clauses. ************************************************************************************************************* **AMENDED Site Walk** - This amendment establishes a site walk on Monday 03/16/2026 at 09:00 PDT (Local). Please contact COR Jonathan McWhite at, Jonathan.Mcwhite@va.gov, 909-353-9718, or 909-825-7084 x2177, for coordination. ************************************************************************************************************* **AMENDED TITLE** - This is not a Base +4 with a Period of Performance (POP) of 04/01/2026 03/31/2031. The correct title is Base with a POP of 04/01/2026 03/31/2027. ************************************************************************************************************* This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products and commercial services prepared in accordance with the format Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) in Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) subpart 12.202, Streamlined Procedures for Evaluation and Solicitation for Commercial Products and Commercial Services, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation document will not be issued. This solicitation is issued as an RFQ. The solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06 (eff. 10/01/2025), FAR Deviation NOV 2025 (eff. 11/19/2025), VAAR DEVIATION APR 2025 (eff. 04/01/2025), VAAM Alert 26-01 (eff. 10/01/2025), and Acquisition Policy Flash 26-23 eff. 11/19/2025). This solicitation is not set-aside for Small Business concerns. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 333922, with a small business size standard of 500 Employees. The FSC/PSC is J036. The VA Loma Linda Healthcare System (VALLHCS), Jerry L. Pettis VA Medical Center (VAMC), located at 11201 Benton Street, Loma Linda, CA 92357-1000 is seeking to purchase an upgrade to the outdated existing pneumatic tube system. All interested companies shall provide quotations for the following: Supplies/Services Line Item Description Qty Unit Unit Price Total Price 0001 Tube System Upgrade 1 EA STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) Contract Title Pneumatic Tube System Upgrade. Background The VA Loma Linda Healthcare System (VALLHCS) Facility Maintenance Services requires the award of pneumatic tube system upgrade and maintenance services. The Tube System has supported the hospital for 20 years and is a critical part of the facility's infrastructure. The Electronic Shop will maintain the system with the few remaining parts that are no longer manufactured while this contract for the Tube System update is being procured. Critical hospital operations could be disrupted if the Tube System fails without this upgrade. If this system fails, nursing would require additional personnel to transport patient medication and specimens. Patient care will be delayed as a result. The services shall comply with this Statement of Work (SOW, equipment manufacturer, VA Master Specification, and all applicable VA, local, state, and Federal policies, and regulations. Objective The objective of this service contract is to have a contractor to provide all labor, materials, supplies, tools, equipment, parts, software (needed for the general operation of the equipment), travel, supervisors, and qualified personnel to complete the upgrading and maintenance of the pneumatic tube system at the VALLHCS. As per the NFPA 70E, NFPA99, NFPA 110 and the Join Commission, the VA is required to Provide employees with training in the employer s safety related work practices and procedures. The existing tube system has reached end of life. Scope The contractor shall provide all labor, materials, supplies, tools, equipment, and qualified personnel to perform tube system upgrade at the VALLHCS. Contractor shall supply new desktop computer with a 50-inch screen monitor to replace the old Tube System computer. The New Dell computer shall be installed Electronic Shop 1D-03. The old Tube system computer shall be removed from 1F-21 Blood Lab. The New Tube System computer shall be window-based computer with AL 5000 system software installed. The VA will supply internet connection for contractor support. Contractor shall follow the list below to complete Tube System upgrade: New software is graphics allowing for quicker diagnosis of system and possible problems. This will result in less down time. average downtime on new or upgraded system are reduced to .001 percent. Reduced transaction times, each transaction will be reduced on average of 20 to 30 seconds. This will allow for more throughput. Ability to flush single line. This will allow the tech to locate missing carriers more efficiently. Latest electronics shall be installed; the manufacturer of the Tube System AIR LINK have designed electronics with the latest technology to ensure a long-life cycle. Existing electronics system are soon to be obsolete. New electronic components shall be less vulnerable to static and electrical spikes reducing or eliminating false alarms. Program shall be written using state of the art coding and is windows compatible and can run on any standard desktop computer. existing system is limited to specific computer hardware, and components to operate. End user keypads shall be enhanced to allow for ease of use. With new shortcut keys, user can simply press a pre-programmed button to initiate a send. They no longer need to know a station address. End-users also have access to an online directory at the station if needed. This will reduce training curve of roaming or part time nurses. All transactions are recorded in a SQL database. Graphical user interface Keyboard and mouse driven control Carrier route highlighted. Color coded to easily see status of system. Visual queue of the carrier. Visual queue of what operate functions of station or diverter. Purge individual line. Move diverter. Open gates Clear optics show state of the blower is in Carrier inventories for each station Empty carrier request at each station Empty carriers are sent at each station. Speed dial keys at each station. Arrival alarms with adjustable volume Schedule multiple activities for any station Set priorities for each station. Maintenance mode at each station and diverter Diagnose station or diverter at device. Traffic forwarding carrier inventories for each station. Empty carrier request at each station Empty carriers are sent at each station. Speed dial keys at each station. Arrival alarms with adjustable volume Schedule multiple activities for any station Set priorities for each station. Maintenance mode at each station and diverter Diagnose station or diverter at device. Traffic forwarding Multiple users and rights Email or text notification of system alarm. Customize screen view. Network ready RFID ready hardware. Contractor shall provide all labor, materials, supplies, tools, and equipment for upgrading all 23 Diverters with AL-850 control card, add shut off valves for compressed air, replace optics, replace o rings, and replace all rubber boots. Contractor shall provide all labor, materials, supplies, tools, and equipment to replace 23 WS1 front panels with new front panels. Install new loader arm optic. Add shut off valve for compressed air and replace optics. Contractor shall connect all three zones with Dazzle configuration using the system blowers in VA Loma Linda Healthcare System s (VALLHCS) mechanical room located Service Bay 3 4th Floor. Contractor shall re-pipe system turnaround in the mechanical room. Firewall Penetrations Where holes are required in fire and smoke walls for the passage of tubing and other accessories, the annular space between pipe and hole shall be filled with a UL approved fireproof material. Sealing penetrations through fire rated walls shall be as specified in Section 07 84 00, FIRESTOPPING. Field Training Contractor shall provide a field training course for designated operating and maintenance staff members. Training shall be provided for a total period of one week during normal working hours time Training shall take place after the system is fully functional and complete but prior to final acceptance tests. Field training shall cover all of the items contained in the Operating and Maintenance Instructions. Operating and Maintenance Contractor shall submit six complete copies of operation manual outlining the step-by-step procedures required for system startup, operation, and shutdown. The manuals shall include the manufacturer's name, model number, service manual, parts list, and brief description of all equipment and their basic operating features. Contractor shall submit complete copies of maintenance manual listing routine maintenance procedures, possible breakdowns, and repairs, and troubleshooting guide. The manuals shall include piping layout, equipment layout, simplified wiring and control diagrams of the system as installed. Operation and maintenance manuals shall be approved prior to the training course. Drawings Contractor shall provide the complete set at the time of final systems certification testing and As-built drawings are to be provided in 3 copies of 24 inches x 36 inches. Copy of As-built drawings in Auto-CAD provided on DVD. Tests Contractor shall submit test plan and procedures, not later than ten days prior to the start of testing. The test plan and test procedures shall explain in detail, step-by-step, actions and expected results to demonstrate compliance with the requirements of this specification, and the methods for simulating the necessary conditions of operation to demonstrate performance of the system. Tests shall be conducted in accordance with the approved test procedures to determine that the system is functional, operational, and installed in accordance with the manufacturing specifications. Notify the Project COR in verbal, email, and writing ten days prior to conducting tests. The following test shall be conducted: Computer simulation and interrogation. Consecutive dispatching to random stations within the zone. Consecutive dispatching to random stations outside the zone. Multi-station dispatching within the zone where all dispatchers are loaded with carriers, random stations selected, and dispatching begins. Multi-station dispatching outside the zone where all dispatchers are loaded with carriers, random stations selected, and dispatching begins. Two stations in each zone will be randomly selected to dispatch carriers into other zones. Submit test reports in booklet form showing all field tests performed to adjust each component and all field tests performed to prove compliance with the specified performance criteria, upon completion of installation and testing of the installed system. Each test report shall indicate the final position of controls. Over and Above Repair Upon discovery of over and above repairs or unforeseen requirements, Contractor shall immediately notify the POC. Parts shall not be procured, nor installation or repairs initiated until approval is obtained from the Contracting Officer and appropriate Facilities Staff/POC. Charges for repair, labor and parts shall originate only when required and upon prior approval being granted by the Contracting Officer. Place of Performance Department of Veterans Affairs VA Loma Linda Healthcare System (VALLHCS) Jerry L. Pettis VA Medical Center (VAMC) 11201 Benton Street Loma Linda, CA 92357-1000 Licensing Requirements Offeror must possess a 30-hour Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) safety card. Air Link Tube System certification C-7 Low Voltage System Contractor C-10 Electrical Contractor Specific Requirements Contractor shall schedule the start date with POC or designee five (5) business days in advance. Contactor personnel shall have valid Loma Linda PIV badges before starting work. Contractor shall coordinate energy source LOCK OUT /TAG OUT procedures with VALLHCS COR and Electrical Supervisor before starting work. When work is complete, Contractor shall notify the VALLHCS COR that energy sources will be restored and require verification. Contractor s supervisor or lead technician are to check in with VALLHCS COR, or in their absence, with Graphics Control prior to work each day. Contractor shall conform to the following standards, policies, regulations, governing agency, and any other local, state, or Federal guidelines that are not listed here. OSHA 29CFR Regulations, www.osha.gov NFPA 99, www.nfpa.org VHA MASTER SPECIFICATIONS Section 01-33-23 Shop Drawings, Product Data, and Samples Section 14-92-00 Pneumatic Tube System Section 26-05-11 Requirements for Electrical Installations Section 26-05-19 Low Voltage Electrical Power Conductors and Cables Pneumatic Tube System Design Manual Authorized Services Only those services specified herein are authorized under this contract. Before permitting and/or performing any service of a non-contract nature, the Contractor shall advise the CO of the reason (s) for the additional work and/or service. The Contractor is cautioned that only the CO or his/her designee may authorize additional service that are within the scope of this contract and that reimbursement shall not be made unless prior authorization is obtained from the CO. All changes to the contract shall be issued through a contract modification in writing from the CO to the Contractor. Delegation of Authority No additional service shall be provided without the approval from the Contracting Officer (CO) or his/her designee of this contract. The Contractor shall not accept any instructions issued by any other person(s) other than the CO or his/her delegated representative acting within the limits of his/her authority. Government-Furnished Equipment (GFE) Government Furnished Information (GFI) No Government equipment will be used by the Vendor. Security Requirements The C&A requirements do not apply, and Security Accreditation Package is not required. This service does not involve Contractor connection of one or more contractor-owned IT devices (such as laptop computer or remote connection from a contractor system) to a VA internal trusted (i.e., non-public network) therefore Information Technology (IT) Security certification and accreditation (authorization) (C&A) requirements do not apply per VA Handbook 6500.6. Complaints Contractor shall promptly and courteously respond to complaints within three (3) working days to the COR. Including complaints brought to the contractor s attention by the CO. Contractor shall maintain a written record of all complaints, both written and oral showing the identity of the individual, the nature of the complaint, and contractor s response. Contractor shall permit the Government to inspect the written records of complaints upon reasonable notice from the CO. Period of Performance Work Hours 240 days from performance start date. Work may be scheduled during the day or night (Depending on load demand), Monday thru Friday and/or Saturday thru Sunday. Daytime hours: 6 am to 4 pm Evening hours: 4 pm to 4 am Contractor shall initiate work within 2 weeks of being contacted by the designated Contracting Officer s Point of Contact (POC) or designee. Work shall be scheduled through the POC or designee, who will coordinate with VALLHCS staff. Timelines are subject to change due to VALLHCS operational requirements. All time shall be approved in advance by the Contracting Officer s Representative (COR). Allow 5-days for approval of any alternate working hours needed. Federal Holidays New Year s Day January 01 Martin Luther King s Birthday Third Monday in January President s Day Third Monday in February Memorial Day Last Monday in May Juneteenth June 19 Independence Day July 04 Labor Day First Monday in September Columbus Day Second Monday in October Veterans Day November 11 Thanksgiving Day Fourth Thursday in November Christmas Day December 25 If the holiday falls on a Sunday, the following Monday will be observed as a national holiday. When a holiday falls on a Saturday, the preceding Friday is observed as a National holiday by U.S. Government Agencies, and any day specifically declared by the President of the United States of America. Identification, Check-in, Parking, and Smoking Regulations Identification The vendor's employees shall wear visible identification at all times while on VALLHCS premises. Contractor employees shall report to VA Police upon entry to the VALLHCS facility to get a visitor badge. Contractor employees are required to be escorted by the COR or designee s office once on campus prior to commencement of work. During emergencies contractor personnel shall check in with VALLHCS Police if the VALLHCS COR or designee is not available. All contract personnel attending meetings, answering Government telephones, and working in other situations where their contractor status is not obvious to third parties are required to identify themselves as such to avoid creating an impression in the minds of members of the public that they are Government officials. They must also ensure that all documents or reports produced by contractors are suitably marked as contractor products or that contractor participation is appropriately disclosed. Parking It is the responsibility of the contract personnel to park in the appropriate designated parking areas. Parking information is available from VA Police & Security Service Office. The Contractor assumes full responsibility for any parking violations. Smoking Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Directive 1085, dated March 5, 2019, provides a comprehensive smoke-free policy for patients, visitors, contractors, volunteers, and vendors, at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Veterans Health Administration (VHA) health care facilities. This updated VHA directive implements a smoke-free policy for patients, visitors, contractors, volunteers, and vendors at VA health care facilities, as defined in this directive, based on scientific evidence regarding the adverse health effects of secondhand and thirdhand smoke exposures. The Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Administrative Operations (10NA) and the Assistant Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Clinical Operations (10NC) are responsible for the contents of this directive. Questions may be referred to VHA Smoke Free: vhasmokefree@va.gov. This VHA directive is scheduled for recertification on or before the last working day of March 2024. This VHA directive will continue to serve as national VHA policy until it is recertified or rescinded. Weapons and Contraband Possession of weapons or contraband is prohibited and shall be subject to arrest and termination from future performance under this contract. Enclosed containers, including tool kits, shall be subject to search. Violations of VALLHCS regulations may result in citation answerable in the United States (Federal) District Court, not a local district, state, or municipal court. Safety All personnel employed by the Contractor in the performance of this contract, or any representative of the Contractor entering on VALLHCS shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and VA safety and fire regulations and codes, which are in effect during the performance period of the contract. Contractor shall perform work in strict accordance with existing relevant, accredited standards and codes to minimize the possibility of injury to personnel, or damage to Government equipment. Every effort shall be made to safeguard human life and property. Contractor shall comply with all applicable Federal, State, and local requirements regarding workers health and safety. The requirements include, but are not limited to, those found in Federal and State Occupational Safety and Health Act (OSHA) statutes and regulations, such as applicable provisions of Title 29, Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 1910 and 1926, NFPA 70E, Article 130.7 29 CFR 1910.132(d)(1)(iii), 29CFR1910.137. Contractor shall provide all necessary tools, and Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) to perform the work safely, effectively, and timely. Contractor Personnel Contractor s Program Manager The Contractor shall provide a contract program manager who shall be responsible for the performance of the work. The name of this person shall be designated in writing to the Contracting Officer. The Contractor s Program Manager shall have full authority to act for the Contractor on all contract matters relating to daily operation of this contract. Contractor s Employees The Contractor shall not employ persons for work on this contract if such employee is identified to the Contractor as a potential threat to the health, safety, security, general well-being or operational mission of the installation and its population. Contract Personnel shall be subject to the same quality assurance standards or exceed current recognized national standards as established by the Joint Commission (JC). Contractor Qualifications & Other Responsibilities Contractor shall obtain all necessary licenses required to perform this work. Contractor shall take all precautions necessary to protect persons and property from injury or damage during the performance of this contract. Contractor shall be responsible for any injury to himself/herself, his/her employees, or others, as well as for any damage to personal or public property that occurs during the performance of this contract that is caused by him/her or his/her employees fault or negligence. Contractor shall maintain personal liability and property damage insurance prescribed by the laws of the Federal Government. The Government reserves the right to accept or reject Contractor s employee for the rendering of services. Complaints concerning Contract Personnel s performance or conduct will be dealt with by the Contractor and COR with the final decision being made by the Contracting Officer. Insurance Coverage The Contractor agrees to procure and maintain, while the contract is in effect, Workers Compensation and Employee s Public Liability Insurance in accordance with Federal and State of California laws. The Contractor shall be responsible for all damage to property, which may be done by him, or any employee engaged in the performance of this contract. The Government shall be held harmless against any or all loss, cost, damage, claim expense or liability whatsoever, because of accident or injury to persons or property of others occurring in the performance of this contract. Before commencing work under this contract, the Contracting Officer shall require the Contractor to furnish certification from his/her insurance company indicating that the coverage specified by FAR 52.228-5 and per FAR Subpart 28.307-2 has been obtained and that it may not be changed or canceled without guaranteed thirty (30) day notice to the Contracting Officer. Contractor is required to provide copies of proof of Workers Compensation and Employee Public Liability Insurance within fifteen (15) calendar days after notification of contract award. Invoicing and Payment Overtime & Holiday Pay Any overtime and/or holiday pay that may be entitled to the Contractor s employees shall be the sole responsibility of the Contractor and shall not be billed to nor reimbursed by the Government. Contractor will bill and be paid for actual services provided by Contractor personnel. Contractor will not be paid for availability or on-call services unless otherwise provided herein. Payments for leave, including sick leave or vacation time, are the sole responsibility of the contractor. Invoices Payment of services rendered under this contract shall be made in arrears upon satisfactory completion of each service and receipt of a properly prepared invoice and submitted by the Contractor to the payment address specified by Contracting. Invoices shall reference the Contract Number and Purchase Order Number, Manifest Number(s), provide a complete and accurate description of services/ supplies delivered/ rendered, including dates of performance, amounts, unit prices, extended totals and any other data relevant for payment purposes. The Government shall not authorize payment until such time that the VALLHCS COR all properly executed and signed documentation. No advance payments shall be authorized. Payment shall be made on a monthly arrears for services provided during the billing month in arrears in accordance with FAR 52.212-4, para. (i). Upon submission of a properly prepared invoice for prices stipulated in this contract for services delivered and accepted in accordance with the terms and conditions of the contract, less any deductions stipulated in this contract. Payment of invoices may be delayed if the appropriate invoices as specified in the contract are not completed and submitted as required. **End of Statement of Work** The purchase order period of performance is 04/01/2026 - 03/31/2027. Free on Board Origin (FOB) is destination. Place of Performance/Place of Delivery Address: Department of Veterans Affairs VA Loma Linda Healthcare System (VALLHCS) Jerry L. Pettis VA Medical Center (VAMC) 11201 Benton Street Loma Linda, CA Postal Code: 92357-1000 Country: UNITED STATES The full text of FAR provisions or clauses may be accessed electronically at https://www.acquisition.gov/browse/index/far. The following solicitation provisions and clause apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (SEP 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998) FAR 52.203-11, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.203-18, Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation. (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-7, System for Award Management Registration. (NOV 2024) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.212-2, Evaluation-Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.217-5, Evaluation of Options. (JULY 1990) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) VAAR 852.252-70, Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference (JAN 2008) VAAR 852.233-70, Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (SEP 2018) VAAR 852.233-71, Alternate Protest Procedure (SEP 2018) VAAR 852.239-71, Information System Security Plan and Accreditation (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.252-70, Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference (JAN 2008) VAAR 852.273-70, Late Offers (NOV 2021) VAAR 852.273-74, Award without Exchanges (NOV 2021) The following contract clauses apply to this acquisition: FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions-Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.252-2, Clauses Incorporated by Reference. (FEB 1998) FAR 52.203-17, Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights. (NOV 2023) FAR 52.203-19, Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements. (JAN 2017) FAR 52.204-9, Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (JAN 2011) FAR 52.204-13, System for Award Management-Maintenance. (OCT 2018) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-6, Protecting the Government's Interest When Subcontracting With Contractors Debarred, Suspended, Proposed for Debarment, or Voluntarily Excluded. (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.209-10, Prohibition on Contracting With Inverted Domestic Corporations. (NOV 2015) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.219-33, Nonmanufacturer Rule. (SEP 2021) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-3, Convict Labor. (JUN 2003) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-19, Child Labor-Cooperation with Authorities and Remedies. (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-35, Equal Opportunity for Veterans. (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-36, Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-37, Employment Reports on Veterans. (JUN 2020) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-41, Service Contract Labor Standards. (AUG 2018) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-42, Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires. (MAY 2014) FAR 52.222-44, Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment. (MAY 2014) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-50, Combating Trafficking in Persons. (NOV 2021) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-54, Employment Eligibility Verification. (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.222-62, Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706. (JAN 2022) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.223-5, Pollution Prevention and Right-to-Know Information (MAY 2024) FAR 52.226-8, Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving. (MAY 2024) FAR 52.232-33, Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer-System for Award Management. (OCT 2018) FAR 52.232-40, Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors. (MAR 2023) FAR 52.233-3, Protest after Award. (AUG 1996) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.233-4, Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim. (OCT 2004) (DEVIATION NOV 2025) FAR 52.237-2, Protection of Government Buildings, Equipment, and Vegetation (APR 1984) FAR 52.244-6, Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services. (JAN 2025) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) FAR 52.252-6, Authorized Deviations in Clauses (NOV 2020) VAAR 852.203-70, Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.204-70, Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel (MAY 2020) (DEVIATION FEB 2026) VAAR 852.204-72, Personnel Vetting and Credentialing (MARCH 2026) VAAR 852.211-70, Equipment Operation and Maintenance Manuals (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.211-72, Technical Industry Standards (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.232-72, Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.239-70, Security Requirements for Information Technology Resources (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.239-76, Information and Communication Technology Accessibility (FEB 2023) VAAR 852.242-71, Administrative Contracting Officer (OCT 2020) All Invoices from the contractor shall be submitted electronically in accordance with VAAR Clause 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests. This is accomplished through the Tungsten Network located at: http://www.fsc.va.gov/einvoice.asp. This is mandatory and the sole method for submitting invoices. All quoters shall submit the following: All information required by FAR 52.212-1(b) Submission of Offers to include, but not limited to, SAM UEI. All quotes shall be sent to the Network Contracting Office (NCO) Norman.Napper-Rogers@va.gov. Award will be based upon a comparative evaluation of quotes in accordance with the Simplified Acquisition Procedures of RFO FAR 12. Comparative evaluation is the side by side pairwise comparison of quotes based on factors resulting in a Contracting Officer decision for the quote most favorable to the Government. The following are the decision factors: Price, and past performance, with price more important. Past performance will be based on CPARS and FAPIIS ratings. No rating in CPARS is equal to a neutral rating. The award will be made to the response most advantageous to the Government. Responses should contain your best terms, conditions. NOTE: RFO FAR 52.212-3 is RESERVED and replaced with: https://sam.gov/ registration is required to be complete at time of submission of response. Offerors must complete annual representations and certifications electronically via the System for Award Management (SAM) website located at https://sam.gov/. FAR 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions Commercial Products and Commercial Services (NOV 2023) (DEVIATION OCT 2025) Addenda to FAR 52.212-4 are attached...

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Norman Napper-Rogers
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Norman.Napper-Rogers@va.gov
  - Phone: 602-795-4170

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/211d6258c5bc4595b9dafaae9cfa641c/view)