---
layout: default
title: 6515--Hearing Aid Parts and Accessories (HAPA) Commercial (VA-26-00029750)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 785d3da08cf242cdafab2469bc0c0226
---

# 6515--Hearing Aid Parts and Accessories (HAPA) Commercial (VA-26-00029750)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-31 16:52:03.439-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C79126R0003
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Solicitation Number: 36C79126R0003 Hearing Aid Parts and Accessories (HAPA) Commercial. THIS IS A PRE-SOLICITATION ANNOUNCEMENT IS TO RAISE AWARENESS FOR POTENTIAL OFFERORS. THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION FOR OFFERS AND NO CONTRACT WILL BE AWARDED FROM THIS ANNOUNCEMENT. THIS IS NOT A REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS AND DOES NOT BIND THE GOVERNMENT TO AWARD ANY CONTRACT. The internal reviews have taken longer than expected and we now project the RFP coming out around April 01, 2026. Synopsis: The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Commodities and Services Acquisition Service (CSAS) and the Denver Logistics Service (DLS) manage holistic supply chain management for the VA National Audiology, Prosthetics, and Telehealth Programs and supports VA and other Government agencies with professional acquisition and logistical services. The Department of Veterans Health Administration (VHA) National Audiology and Speech Pathology Service Program Office (ASPS) has identified the need to procure commercial non-proprietary hearing aid parts and accessories for prescribed customer Hearing Aids through CSAS and the DLS to meet Veteran Patient Care needs. One of the goals of VHA, is to standardize the Veteran care process to obtain user uniformity and quality service/products. The VA has identified commercial off the shelf (COTS) non-proprietary Hearing Aid Device Parts & Accessories as preferred products for this contract to meet the needs of eligible Veterans, their beneficiaries and other approved government agencies. The objectives are to: Obtain quality products at lower than current open-market prices. Ensure availability and consistency of product for nationwide usage while integrating the DLS ROES program for ordering. Products will be ordered using the DLS s Remote Order Entry System (ROES). Improve operating efficiency throughout the VA. This contract will also allow for higher level of effective communication between the Government and Contractor which is essential for partnering for this performance-based contract to succeed. The success of this contract is shared between the Government and the Contractor. The Contract Opportunity shall listed under the main NAICS code: 334510 Hearing Aids, Electronics, and Manufacturing This requirement includes the following categories: Item COMMERCIAL NAME of PRODUCT 1 12 MEDIUM TUBING 2 13 MEDIUM TUBING 3 13 TUBE THCK LONG QUILL 25PK 4 13 TUBE THIN LONG QUILL 25PK 5 #12 STAND DOUBLE 25/PG 6 #13 MEDIUM DOUBLE 25/PKG 7 #13 THICK 25/PKG 8 BINAURAL BTE CLIP CLEAR 9 CASE WATERPROOF BLACK 10 CASE WATERPROOF BLUE 11 CLEANING SPRAY 30ML 12 CLEANING WIPES 13 CLEANING WIPES 160CT 14 CLEANING WIPES 30CT 15 CLEANING WIPES 90CT 16 DESSICANT FOR GLOBAL II 17 DRYING CAPSULE REPLACE 18 DRYING KIT WITH CUP & CAP 19 EAR GEL/LUBRICANT 20 OTOFLOSS FINE 21 #13 SUPER THICK 25/PKG 22 AUDIO WIPES LG CANISTER 160CT 23 BAND SWEAT LARGE GREY 2PCS 24 BAND SWEAT LARGE LT BRN 2PCS 25 BAND SWEAT LARGE NATURAL 2PCS 26 BAND SWEAT MEDIUM GREY 2PCS 27 BAND SWEAT MEDIUM LT BRN 2PCS 28 BAND SWEAT MEDIUM NATURAL 2PCS 29 BAND SWEAT SMALL GREY 2PCS 30 BAND SWEAT SMALL LT BRN 2PCS 31 BAND SWEAT SMALL NATURAL 2PCS 32 BAND SWEAT XLARGE GREY 2PCS 33 BAND SWEAT XS SLIM GREY 2PCS 34 BAND SWEAT XSMALL GREY 2PCS 35 BAND SWEAT XSMALL LT BRN 2PCS 36 BAND SWEAT XSMALL NATURAL 2PCS 37 COLOR OTOCLIP - BTE MON BLUE 38 COLOR OTOCLIP - BTE MON RED 39 COMPLETE HEARING AID CARE KIT 40 COMPLY SOFT WRAP 41 DRY CADDY 42 DRY STORE GLOBAL II 43 EARGEAR MICRO BI NO CORD BG 44 EARGEAR MICRO CORDED BINAUR BG 45 EARGEAR MINI CUR BI NO CORD BG 46 EARGEAR MINI CUR CORD BINAU BG 47 EARGEAR ORIG BI NO CORD BEIGE 48 EARGEAR ORIG CORD BINAURAL BG 49 EARWAX DROPS ONLY-STN ONLY 50 EARWAX MD KIT W RINSE BULB-STN 51 EARWAX REMOVAL DROPS-STN ONLY 52 EARWAX REMOVAL KIT-STN ONLY 53 EARWAX REMOVAL SYSTEM-STN ONLY 54 EARWAX RINSEBALL KIT-STN ONLY 55 FLOW-MED UV2 ELECTRONIC DRYER 56 GOLD TUBE LOCK #13 THICK10/PK 57 OTO-EASE LUBRICANT 58 OTOCLIP - BTE BINAURAL 59 OTOCLIP - BTE MON. BLUE CLIP 60 OTOCLIP - BTE MON. RED CLIP 61 OTOCLIP - ITE MONAURAL BLUE 62 OTOCLIP - ITE MONAURAL RED 63 OTOCLIP FOR GLASSES (BTE) 64 OTOCLIP FOR GLASSES (ITE) 65 OTOCLIP ITE BINAURAL (PAIR) 66 PERFECTCLEAN 67 PERFECTCLEAN REFILL CARTRIDGE 68 PERFECTDRY LUX 69 SWEAT BAND XS SLIM LT BRN 2PCS 70 SWEAT BAND XS SLIM NATRL 2PCS 71 TOOL NANO CLEAN 72 UV HEARING AID DRYER RECHARGE 73 AIR BLOWER 74 TOOL CLEANER MULTI TOOL 75 CORD POWER - GLOBAL / ZEPHYR 76 EARGEAR MINI CUR BI NO CORD BK 77 EARGEAR MINI CUR BI NO CORD GY 78 EARGEAR MINI CUR BI W/CORD BG 79 EARGEAR MINI CUR BI W/CORD BK 80 EARGEAR MINI CUR BI W/CORD GY 81 EARGEAR ORIG BI W/CORD BEIGE 82 EARGEAR ORIG BI W/CORD GREY 83 OTOCLIP BTE MONAURAL LEFT 84 TUBE 12 DISAPPEAR STD A/B 85 TUBE 12 STD 86 TUBE 13 DISAPPEAR CFA MED A/B 87 TUBE 13 DISAPPEAR MED A/B 88 TUBE 13 DISAPPEAR THK A/B 89 TUBE 13 DISAPPEAR TRS THK A/B 90 TUBE 13 MED CFA 91 TUBE 13 SUPER THICK A/B 92 TUBE 13 SUPER THK 93 TUBE 13 SUPER THK TRS 94 TUBE 13 THK CFA 95 TUBE 15 PREFORMED 96 TUBE 16 PREFORMED We anticipate issuing a Request for Proposals (RFP) in approximately six (6) days at SAM.gov, however, all dates in this notice are subject to change. Any amendments applicable to the solicitation will be posted at the same site. To take advantage of business opportunities with the Department of Veterans Affairs, you must register your firm with the System for Award Management at SAM.gov AND in the Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) database if applicable, (VetCert registration is required for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Businesses or Veteran Owned Small Businesses) under the applicable NAICS codes. Registration is free and potential contractors are encouraged to visit the SAM website as no contract can be awarded to any offeror not registered in SAM. The VA intends to award up to two (2) firm fixed-price, Indefinite-Delivery, Indefinite-Quantity (IDIQ) contracts. The resulting award will consist of a one-year (1) base with four (4) option years. Any award will be based on Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA). This requirement will be solicited as a other than Full and Open Competition. This procurement will be a Total Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) Set-Aside that will consider price, technical acceptability, and past performance in the award decision; these evaluation factors are subject to change. Final evaluation factors will be defined in the solicitation. Prospective offerors are encouraged to register their interest in the solicitation on the Contract Opportunities website to receive notifications of any solicitation and/or amendments postings. Questions concerning this announcement should be directed to the Contracting Officer (CO): Bradley Geghan and who can be contacted at Bradley.geghan@va.gov or the Contract Specialist (CS): Bryan Crist who can be contacted at bryan.crist@va.gov.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Bradley Geghan
  - Title: Mr.
  - Email: bradley.geghan@va.gov
  - Phone: 303-273-6214

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/785d3da08cf242cdafab2469bc0c0226/view)