---
layout: default
title: 20--SEAL ASSEMBLY
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 641c04584ab6436cb5281e36f2c38db7
---

# 20--SEAL ASSEMBLY

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 18:51:08.766-04
- Solicitation Number: N0010426QYA4T

## Summary

CONTACT INFORMATION|4|N741.P08|ER5|N/A|JESSICA.T.GRZYWNA.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL| ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| GENERAL INFORMATION-FOB-DESTINATION|1|B| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|Invoice and receiving reports (combo)||Cognizant DFAS|N00104|Cognizant DCMA|Cognizant DCMA|See schedule|Source|||TBD|||||| NAVY USE OF ABILITYONE SUPPORT CONTRACTOR - RELEASE OF OFFEROR INFORMATION (3-18))|1|WSS MECHANICSBURG| VALUE ENGINEERING (JUN 2020)|3|||| INTEGRITY OF UNIT PRICES (NOV 2021)|1|| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS (JUN 2020)|4||||| EQUAL OPPORTUNITY FOR WORKERS WITH DISABILITIES (JUN 2020)|2||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM-BASIC (FEB 2024)|11|||||||||||| OPTION FOR INCREASED QUANTITY (MAR 1989)|1|365 DAYS| NOTICE OF TOTAL SMALL BUSINESS SET-ASIDE (OCT 2020)(DEVIATION 2020-O0008)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|||||||||||||| BUY AMERICAN-FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024))|5|||||| BUY AMERICAN-BALANCE OF PAYMENTS PROGRAM CERTIFICATE-BASIC (FEB 2024)|1|| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|336612|1000|||||||||||| INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS -- COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION (NOV 2021)|2||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||x| This is an EAF spares requirement for quantity 42 SEAL ASSEMBLY (NSN 1 1HM 2040 010515069 SQ). This requirement is 100 Percent set-aside for small businesses. The Government will issue an award resulting from this Request for Quotation (RFQ) to the responsible offeror whose quotation, conforming to the solicitation, results in the best value to the Government, considering both price and non-price factors. The following factors will be used to evaluate competitive offers received in response to this RFQ: 1.Price 2.Non-Price Factors a.Delivery Lead Time. The proposed delivery lead times and schedules will be evaluated and the proposed delivery lead time considered to be in the best interestof the Government will be rated higher than other delivery lead times proposed. b.Past Performance. The offeror?s past performance on related contractswill be evaluated to determine, as appropriate, successful performance ofcontract requirements, quality and timeliness of delivery of goods andservices, cost management, communications between contracting parties, proactive management, and customer satisfaction. All non-price evaluation factors, when combined, are approximately equal to price. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, delivery orders and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the Government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The Government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 ;This procurement specification contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for ;AN/BRA-24 Antenna Seal Assembly; for use on Navy submarines.; 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS

2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 Documents, drawings, and publications supplied are listed under "Drawing Number". These items should be retained until an award is made. 2.1.2 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 2.1.3 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents.

2.2 Order of Precedence - In the event of a conflict between the text of this contract/purchase order and the references and/or drawings cited herein, the text of this contract/purchase order shall take precedence. Nothing in this contract/purchase order, however, shall supersede applicable laws and regulations unless a specific exemption has been obtained. DRAWING DATA=PSNSY-0063-12 |80064| -|LR |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-B102146 |80064| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-B102147 |50225| D| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-B102148 |50225| D| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-B102150 |50225| F| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-B102151 |50225| F| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-B102225 |50225| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-B102226 |50225| C| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-B102227 |50225| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-B102260 |80064| H| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-B102270 |50225| F| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-C102149 |50225| G| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-C102184 |50225| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-C49491 |80064| H| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-C49502 |80064| H| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=RE-D102152 |80064| E| |D| | | | DRAWING DATA=4677518 |80064| J| |D| | | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=FED-STD-H28 |0020| |B |941221|A| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-130 | | |N |121116|D| |01| DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-STD-973 | | | |950113|A| |03| DOCUMENT REF DATA=QQ-N-281D | | | |851023|A|2 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASME B46.1 | | | |190101|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO9001 | | | |150915|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE AS9390 | | |D |190401|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ISO10012 | | | |030415|D| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=MIL-I-45208 | | |A |810724|A|1 | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=NCSL Z540.3 | | | |060803|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=SAE-AMS-QQ-S-763 | | |D |150301|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ASTM B21/B21M | | | |200401|A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ETHACURE 300 COML | | | | |A| | | DOCUMENT REF DATA=ADIPRENE L167 (90-95A) COML | | | | |A| | | 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 ;Design and Manufacturing - The ;AN/BRA-24 Antenna Seal Assembly; furnished under this contract/purchase order shall meet the material, physical, mechanical and test requirements as specified on Drawings RE-C49502 (consisting of Item Numbers 1 thru 4) including associated specifications mentioned in this procurement.; 3.1.1 ;The supplier shall have or fabricate the required tooling to perform the acceptance test specified on Drawing RE-C49502.; 3.1.2 ;Source Control Drawing RE-B102260 - The Urethane Elastomer (ADIPRENE L167) and Curative (ETHACURE 300) shall only be procured for LANXESS Urethane Systems; and shall conform to the requirements specified on Drawing RE-B102260, Dash No.2. ; 3.2 ;Marking Requirements - The supplier shall permanetly mark and identify each first article and production lot unit ;AN/BRA-24 Seal Assembly; in accordance with the requirements of Drawing RE-C49502, Note 2 (contract number, vendor part number and serial number) per MIL-STD-130.; 3.2.1 ;The supplier shall permanently mark parts RE-B102147, RE-B102148, RE-B102150, RE-B102151 and RE-C102149 as identified on the applicable drawing per MIL-STD-130. The supplier shall mark ;tag or bag; each part with contract, heat, lot and serial number per MIL-STD-130 until installed on the designed assembly.; 3.2.2 ;The supplier shall mark ;tagor bag; parts RE-B102146, RE-B102148/Item No.2, RE-B102225 and RE-C49491 with contract, applicable part, heat, lot or batch and serial number per MIL-STD-130 until installed on the designated assembly.; 3.3 ;First Article Testing/Inspection - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The first article testing/inspection procedure and approval are required for the ;AN/BRA-24 Seal Assembly;. Government approval is required prior to commencement of first article unit.; 3.4 ;Notification - The supplier shall notify Naval Surface Warfare Center, Philadelphia Division, (NSWCPD) 5001 S. Broad Street, Philadelphia, PA 19112- 1403 by emial matthew.j.ogilvie.civ@us.mavy.mil, Code 242MO after award of contract.; 3.4.1 ;The NSWCPD is the acceptance activity for the Contract Data Requirements List (DD1423) Data Items. NSWCPD WAWF/IRAPT ;Acceptor; DODACC is ;N64498;.;

3.5 Configuration Control - MIL-STD-973 entitled "Configuration Management", Paragraph 5.4.8, Configuration Control (Short Form Procedure), is hereby incorporated. The Contractor shall submit all Engineering Change Proposals in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.2 and Appendix D. Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.5.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor.

3.6 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE

4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements.

4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material.

4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 4.4 ;Inspection System - The Supplier's Quality Inspection System shall be in accordance with MIL-I-45208 or ISO 9001 and NCSL Z540.3 or ISO 10012. The supplier shall develop and submit their written Quality Inspection and Test Plan as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the supplier's written Quality Inspection and Test Plan is required by the contract. CDRL: QUALITY INSPECTION & TEST PLAN per MIL-I-45208, NCSL Z540.3 and DI-QCIC-81110; 4.5 ;Surface Roughness - All surface finishes are in RMS measurements. Where the degree of surface roughness is indicated, the surface shall be free from all visible imperfections as defined by Standard ASME B46.1. ; 4.6 ;Finished Edges - Finished edges shall be in accordance with the applicable drawing requirements.; 4.7 ;Threads - Threads shall be inspected in accordance with FED-STD-H28/20 System 21 requirements. Thread inspection shall include the measurement and recording of the major diameter for external threads and the minor diameter for internal threads.; 4.8 ;Material Control - The supplier shall have an effective material control system that provides for certified quantitative mill or industrial laboratory reports of chemical and physical analysis by heat, lot or batch for raw material ordered for first article and production units. If the material is subsequently heat-treated a certification of physical analysis, after heat treatment is also required for each heat lot or batch. Also, where the applicable material specification calls out (e.g. corrosion resistance test, macro-etch test) these test results shall also be reported on the applicable mill or industrial laboratory report. (1) The physical analysis shall establish the following properties for metallic parts: Ultimate Tensile Strength, Yield Strength and Elongation. (2) The physical analysis shall establish the properties for non-metallic parts: RE-B102260/Dash No.2 as specified on the drawing.; 4.9 ;First Article Testing/Inspection - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall perform first article testing/inspection on ;AN/BRA-24 Seal Assembly; in accordance with the applicable drawings and their approved first article procedure.; 4.9.1 ;The first article inspection shall be made by the cognizant DCMA-QAR at the supplier's and/or subcontractor facility. The supplier shall notify NSWCPD, Code 242MO two weeks in advance prior to the scheduled first article testing/ inspection, so an NSWCPD representative has the option of being present during the first article testing/inspection.; 4.10 ;First Article Approval for Testing/Inspection Procedure and Acceptance - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall prepare and submit their First Article Testing/Inspection Procedure ;AN/BRA-24 Seal Assembly; in accordance with the requriements of DI-NDTI-80603 and applicable drawings as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the procedure is required prior to commencement of first article unit. CDRL: FIRST ARTICLE TESTING/INSPECTION PROCEDURE per DI-NDTI-80603A; 4.11 ;First Article Testing/Inspection.; 4.11.1 ;Visual/Dimensional Inspection - The supplier shall visually and physically inspect 100% the first article unit (component parts/assembly) and record the actual measurements of each dimension and threads (including of the major diameter for external threads and the minor diameter for internal threads) identified on the applicable drawings including the results of the adjustment performed of the assembly per drawing RE-C49502. Threads shall be inspected 100% and results recorded.; 4.11.2 ;Acceptance Test - The supplieer shall perform acceptance inspection and test on the assembly RE-C49502 in accordance with drawing requirements and record the actual results. Failure to meet the drawing Acceptance Test Notes A and I will be cause for rejection of the assembly.; 4.12 ;First Article Testing/Inspection Report and Acceptance - (Supplier Testing/ Inspection). The supplier shall submit for the first article unit ;AN/BRA-24 Seal Assembly; testing/inspection reports in compliance with the requirements of DI-NDTI-80603 and applicable drawings. The report shall also include a copy of ;Certified Mill Certification; Certified Industrial Laboratory Analysis; Certificate of Compliance and Visual/Dimensional Inspection Report; identified in the Objective Quality Evidence Records Section of this document, and as indicated ont he Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the first article testing/inspection report is required prior to commencement of production units. CDRL: FIRST ARTICLE TESTING/INSPECTION REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B; 4.13 ;Production Lot.; 4.13.1 ;Visual/Dimensional Inspection - The supplier shall visually and physically inspect 100% each the production lot unit (component parts/assemblies) and record the actual measurements of each dimension and threads (including of the major diameter for external threads and the minor diameter for internal threads) identified on the applicable drawings including the results of the adjustment performed on each assembly per drawing RE-C49502. Threads shall be inspected 100% and results recorded.; 4.13.2 ;Acceptance Test - The supplier shall perform acceptance inspection and test on each assembly RE-C49502 in accordance with drawing requirements and record the actual results. Failure to meet the drawing Acceptance Test Notes A and I will be cause for rejection of the assembly.; 4.14 ;Production Lot Testing/Inspection Report and Acceptance - (Supplier Testing/ Inspection). The supplier shall submit for the completed production units ;AN/BRA-24 Seal Assembly; testing/inspection reports in compliance with the applicable Data Item Descriptions (DIDs) and drawings. The Production Lot Testing/Inspection report shall consist of ;Certified Mill Certification; Certified Industrial Laboratory Analysis; Certificate of Compliance; Visual/ Dimensional Inspection Report and Mercury Exclusion Certification; identified in the Objective Quality Evidence Records Section of this document, and as indicated on the Production Lot Test/Inspection (PLT) Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval of the procduction lot testing/inspection report is required prior to shipment of production lot units. CDRL: PRODUCTION LOT TESTING/INSPECTION REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B; 4.15 ;Production Lot Inspection/Acceptance - (Supplier Testing/Inspection). The supplier shall submit for the production lot units, the inspection and test reports identified in the Objective Quality Evidence Records Section of this document and as indicated on the Production Lot Testing/Inspection (PLT) Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423). Government approval is required prior to shipment of production units.; 4.16 ;Final Inspection and Acceptance - Final inspection and acceptance of production lots shall be made by the cognizant DCMA-QAR in conjuction with the Specific Government Inspection Instructions (SGIIs) furnished by NSWCPD. In addition to the normal DCMA surveillance, the production unit(s) shall be under the surveillance of NSWCPD Quality Assurance Specialist as required.; 4.17 ;Objective Quality Evidence Records - The supplier shall maintain Objective Quality Evidence Data (OQEDs) of raw material and finished parts of ;AN/BRA-24 Seal Assembly;. Records shall be traceable by drawing/item, heat lot or batch, serial and contract number. All OQEDs shall be clearly legible including name and title. The supplier may provide exact (quality) photocopies of objective quality evidence records being delivered under this purchase order instead of originals.; 4.17.1 ;The supplier shall furnish a copy of the following OQEDs listed below and as indicated on the Contract Data Requirements List (DD Form 1423) for acceptance. The reports shall be correlated to the drawing/item, heat, lot or batch, serial, contract and assembly number. Supplier format is acceptable for the below listed CDRLs. a. Certified Quantitative Mill or Industrial Laboratory Certification (chemical and physical analysis) for drawing numbers RE-B102147, RE-B102150, RE-B102151, RE-B102225 and RE-C102149. CDRL: CERTIFIED MILL CERTIFICATE per DI-MISC-80678 b. Certified Industrial Laboratory Analysis shall establish the properties for material Urethane Elastomer ADIPRENE L167 (90-95A) as specified on drawing RE-B102260, Dash No. 2. CDRL: CERTIFIED INDUSTRIAL LAB ANALYSIS per DI-MISC-80678 c. Certificate of Compliance for: (1) Drawing RE-B102148/Item No.2 (certifying part in accordance with the applicable drawing and material specification requirements). (2) Drawing RE-B102260 (certifying Curative ETHACURE 300 in accordance with drawing requirements). (3) Drawings RE-D102152, RE-B102226, RE-C102184, RE-B102227, RE-B102270 and 4677518/Item No. 42 Tooling use for Acceptance Test (certifying tooling material and fabrication in accordance with the applicable material specification and drawing requirements). CDRL: CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE per DI-MISC-80678 d. Visual/Dimensional Inspection Reports shall show all the characteristics, the actual measurement results of each dimension and feature inspected (componenet parts/assemblies) including threads (also the major diameter for external threads and the minor diameter for internal threads), assembly RE-C49502 acceptance inspection and test results, adjustment of the assembly, contract number, name of supplier, drawing/item number, drawing revision letter, heat, lot or batch, serial of finished parts, assembly serial number, item nomenclature, inspector's acceptance signature and date. CDRL: VISUAL/DIMENSIONAL INSPECTION REPORT per DI-NDTI-80809B e. Mercury Exclusion Certification (representing the contract units shipment) CDRL MERCURY EXCLUSION CERTIFICATION per DI-MISC-80678; 5. PACKAGING

5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES

6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documents that are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligations in paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. They may be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government Contract Number, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVICP-MECH Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Naval Inventory Control Point Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Phildelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications shall be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVICP-MECH. DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;;APPROVAL OF THE QUALITY INSPECTION PLAN BY NSWC PHILADELPHIA DIVISION IS REQUIRED PRIOR TO FIRST ARTICLE.;; ;;NSWCPD IS THE ACCEPTANCE ACTIVITY FOR CDRL DATA ITEM A001. NSWCPD WAWF/IRAPT ACCEPTOR DODACC IS "N64498".;; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;;PROCEDURE SHALL BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE APPLICABLE DRAWINGS.;; ;;APPROVAL OF TEH PROCEDURE BY NSWC PHILADELPHIA DIVISION IS REQUIRED PRIOR TO COMMENCEMENT OF FIRST ARTICLE UNIT.;; ;;NSWCPD IS THE ACCEPTANCE ACTIVITY FOR CDRL DATA ITEM A002. NSWCPD WAWF/IRAPT ACCEPTOR DODACC IS "N64498".;; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;;APPROVAL OF THE REPORT BY NSWC PHILADELPHIA DIVISION IS REQUIRED PRIOR TO COMMENCEMENT OF PRODUCTION LOT UNITS.;; ;;NSWCPD IS THE ACCEPTANCE ACTIVITY FOR CDRL DATA ITEM A003. NSWCPD WAWF/IRAPT ACCEPTOR DODACC IS "N64498".;; DATE OF FIRST SUBMISSION=ASREQ ;;SUPPLIER FORMAT IS ACCEPTABLE.;; ;;PLT REPORT SHALL CONSIST OF OQED RECORDS LISTED IN CONTRACT SECTION E: CERTIFIED MILL CERTIFICATION; CERTIFIED INDUSTRIAL LAB ANALYSIS; CERTIFICATE OF COMPLIANCE; VISUAL/DIMENSIONAL INSPECTION REPORT AND MERCURY EXCLUSION CERTIFICATION.;; ;;APPROVAL OF THE REPORT BY NSWC PHILADELPHIA DIVISION IS REQUIRED PRIOR TO SHIPMENT OF PRODUCTION LOT UNITS.;; ;;NSWCPD IS THE ACCEPTANCE ACTIVITY FOR CDRL DATA ITEM A004. NSWCPD WAWF/IRAPT ACCEPTOR DODACC IS "N64498".;;

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Telephone: 2156975095
  - Email: JESSICA.T.GRZYWNA.CIV@US.NAVY.MIL

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: this contract/purchase order. 2.1.3 The "Document Changes" section provides supersessions/changes to referenced documents
- Attachment 2: . Requests for Deviations shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.3 and Appendix E. Requests for Waivers shall be processed in accordance with MIL-STD-973, Paragraph 5.4.8.4 and Appendix E. (Original and two copies shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P. O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg Pa. 17055-0788.) 3.5.1 Configuration Control - When the Contractor has received authorization on a prior contract for the same NSN for the use of a drawing of a later revision status, that authorization is hereby extended to all succeeding contracts/purchase orders until another drawing revision is approved. The Contractor will notify the PCO of this occurrence in each instance, in the response to the solicitation. Such notification shall be in writing setting forth the contract under which the prior authorization was granted, the date of the granting of the authorization, and the name of the granting authority. Contractors shall also refer technical inquiries (other than those covered by MIL-STD-973) on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official, with copies distributed as stated below. The original and two copies of all Contractor generated correspondence regarding configuration shall be submitted to Contracting Officer, NAVICP-MECH, P.O. Box 2020, Mechanicsburg, PA 17055-0788. Contractors are cautioned that implementing engineering changes, waivers, deviations or technical inquiries into the contract/purchase order without approval of the Contracting Officer will be at the sole risk of the Contractor

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/641c04584ab6436cb5281e36f2c38db7/view)