---
layout: default
title: PN78538 McChord Fire Station
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 8e64f13c90d0422b8da4244c89ac3bf5
---

# PN78538 McChord Fire Station

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-22 18:13:07.86-04
- Solicitation Number: W912DW27R1BLU

## Summary

1. Introduction and Purpose The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE), Seattle District, is conducting market research to identify potential sources with the interest and capability to construct a Fire Station for Joint Base Lewis McChord (JBLM), WA. The purpose of this announcement is to identify qualified and interested businesses to assist in determining the appropriate acquisition strategy for this requirement. The Government is currently evaluating the Integrated Design and Construction (IDaC) strategy for this requirement. Based on the responses received from interested parties, a decision will be made regarding the appropriateness of utilizing the IDaC strategy for requirement. The proposed contract type of construction is Integrated Design and Construction (IDaC). The proposed contract type is designed to integrate the construction contractor early in the design phase. This approach allows the selected construction firm to provide critical constructability analysis and cost-savings input to the Designer of Record, who will be operating under a separate contract. Key Features of the IDAC Contract: Early Award: The construction contract will be awarded early in the project’s development through a competitive firm-fixed price process. Pre-Construction Services: The initial award will be a firm-fixed price contract for pre-construction phase consultation services. Construction Phase Option: The contract will include a firm-fixed price option for the full construction phase, which will incorporate a maximum price ceiling, an initial target cost, and a target profit. The selected Contractor is required to have sufficient staff, flexibility, and capability to be available on an as-needed basis to support the integrated design process. Interested firms must be able to provide all management, tools, supplies, parts, materials, equipment, transportation, and trained labor necessary to construct the Fire Station (see paragraph 3 for project description). 2. Procurement & Project Details NAICS Code: 236220- Commercial and Institutional Building Construction Small Business Size Standard: $45.0M Product Service Code (PSC): Y1JZ – Miscellaneous Buildings Construction Magnitude: The estimated magnitude of this construction project is between $50,000,000 and $80,000,000. Estimated Period of Performance: The period of performance is currently estimated to be approximately 910 calendar days. 3. Project Description The project scope of work consists of construction of a multi-company square foot Fire Station with structural apparatus bays and Aircraft Rescue and Fire Fighting (ARFF) apparatus bays. This facility will include the following areas: apparatus bays; residential areas; administration areas; training areas; consolidated emergency dispatch area; emergency medical services area; fire reserve area; information systems; fire protection and alarm systems; Uninterruptable Power Supply (UPS) Systems; standby generator; and Energy Monitoring Control Systems (EMCS) connection. Supporting facilities include site development, utilities and connections, lighting, paving, parking, walks, curbs and gutters, storm drainage, information systems, landscaping and signage, and agent storage facility. Heating and air conditioning will be provided by self-contained systems. Measures in accordance with the Department of Defense (DoD) Minimum Antiterrorism for Buildings standards will be provided. Comprehensive building and furnishings related interior design services are required. Access for individuals with disabilities will be provided. Cyber Security Measures will be incorporated into this project. Sustainability/Energy measures will be provided. Facilities will be designed to a minimum life of 40 years in accordance with DoD's Unified Facilities Criteria (UFC 1-200-02) including energy efficiencies, building envelope and integrated building systems performance. Demolish 1 building at Joint Base Lewis-McChord, WA (60 Total SF). Air Conditioning (Estimated 80 Tons). 4. Submission Requirements and Instructions for Interested Parties All interested and capable firms are requested to respond to this announcement. The information provided must be concise and directly demonstrate the respondent’s capabilities and experience in managing, leading, and executing projects of this nature as a prime contract. Interested firms must complete two actions by the deadline: Complete the mandatory survey titled: McChord Fire Station one-on-one contractor interview questions. Reponses to the survey are due no later than 5:00 PM PDT on May 13, 2026. Interested firms should submit a capabilities package limited to 10 pages (exclude Joint Venture and Bonding Information from page count). This package must demonstrate your ability to perform the work listed and include the following: Firm’s name, address (mailing and URL), point of contact, phone number and email address. CAGE code and UEI number of your firm. Your company's North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code(s). Business classification, i.e., state whether your firm is considered by the Small Business Administration as any of the following or is Other Than Small Business: ____ Small Business (SB) ____ Small Disadvantage Business (SDB) ____ Woman-Owned SB (WOSB) ____ Service-Disabled VOSB (SDVOSB) ____ Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) ____8(a) Program ____ Other Than Small Business (Large Business) 5. Regions in which your company normally performs work or would perform work: West Midwest Northeast Southwest Southeast OCONUS (Outside the Continental United States) All of the Above 6. A maximum of three (3) examples of past projects as the Prime Contractor or Key Subcontractor. Contractor must provide a brief description of experience in performing similar projects for construction of similar size, complexity and scope completed within the last seven (7) years. Examples should include the following information: a. A description of the project features, customer name, timeliness of performance, size of project, and dollar value of each project. 7. Of the total summary Description of Proposed Project: a. As a (check one) ___Large Business / ___Small Business, what estimated percentage of the total project value do you anticipate self-performing? ____% b. To assist us in this process, please provide your firm’s expert assessment of the subcontracting opportunities available for this specific project. If you are a Large Business, please provide what you consider to be achievable subcontracting percentage goals for the following small business categories. Small Business (SB) ____% Small Disadvantage Business (SDB) ____% Woman-Owned SB (WOSB) ____% Veteran-Owned SB (VOSB) ____% Service-Disabled VOSB (SDVOSB) ____% Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) ____% Potential Subcontracting Areas: Please list the specific areas of work you believe are best suited for subcontracting to the small business sector. (Examples: electrical, site work, paving, fencing, HVAC, QC, etc) _________________________________________________________________ _________________________________________________________________ 8. Firm’s Joint Venture Information, if applicable. 9. Bonding Information. Provide the following, on the Bonding Company’s letterhead: (1) Bonding Limits: (a) Single Bond (b) Aggregate Responses to this Synopsis will be shared with the Government project team, but otherwise will be held in strict confidence. Submission: Email your package to Jacanna Wyatt at jacanna.f.wyatt@usace.army.mil, with a courtesy copy to Susan Newby at susan.f.newby@usace.army.mil The subject line of your email must be formatted as “Capability Statement-Fire Station at JBLM, WA”. Ensure your package is received no later than 5:00 PM PDT on May 13, 2026. Note; The Government will review all submissions to determine a contractor/firm’s qualification. All responses must be received by the date and time specified. The Government will not accept late submissions. 5. Disclaimer This announcement is for informational and market research purposes only and does not constitute a Request for Proposal (RFP), Request for Quotation (RFP), or Invitation for Bid (IFB). The Government is considering the Integrated Design and Construction (IDaC) process. If an alternative strategy is chosen, the Government will adhere to the procedures required by that specific procurement path. Please be advised that this is not a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or award a contract. No funds are available to pay for the preparation of responses. All information submitted is voluntary and will not be returned. Thank you for your interest in this potential requirement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Jacanna Wyatt
  - Email: jacanna.f.wyatt@usace.army.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Susan Newby
  - Email: susan.f.newby@usace.army.mil
  - Phone: 2067646754

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/8e64f13c90d0422b8da4244c89ac3bf5/view)