---
layout: default
title: F20016 Conference Room 028
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 1f2b2b183f784dfa89fc3f21118d73c7
---

# F20016 Conference Room 028

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-01 11:55:42.818-04
- Solicitation Number: FA8601-26-Q-0032

## Summary

**UPDATE A/O 1 APRIL 2026** A Questions & Answers document has been attached to the "Attachments" Section titled: "SAM Q and A_01 Apr 2026_Signed". The solicitation deadline has been extended until 15 April 2026 at 12:00 PM EST. Prior submissions can be edited and resubmitted. Only the most recent version of a submitted quote will be considered. Date: 25 March 2026 Title: F20016 Conference Room 028 Request for Quote (RFQ) / Solicitation Number: FA8601-26-Q-0032 Quotes Due: 15 April 2026 at 12:00 PM EST Contact Point(s): Kelly Curiel, Contract Specialist, kelly.curiel@us.af.mil Contact Point(s): Linh Jameson, Contract Officer; linh.jameson@us.af.mil Description: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information, included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; quotes are being requested and an additional written solicitation will not be issued. The solicitation is conducted as a commercial procurement using Simplified Acquisition Procedures (FAR Part 13). This notice is expected to result in award of a Firm Fixed Price (FFP) contract for a commercial commodity to the responsible offeror who submits a quotation that: (1) conforms to the requirements, (2) complies with the minimum requirements stated in the Statement of Work (SOW) as evidenced by providing a complete description of the equipment provided, and (3) that submits the quotation with the lowest price technically acceptable, provided that the price is determined to be fair and reasonable. The Government reserves the right to conduct interchanges with some, none, or all offerors, or make no award at all depending upon: 1) the quality of quotations received, and 2) whether proposed prices are determined to be fair and reasonable. This requirement shall include a 100% SB set-aside under NAICS 337214 with a size standard of 1,100 employees. Requirement: Workstation, tables, and chairs in accordance with the Statement of Work CLIN SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANITITY UNIT 0001 30" x 84" Workstation 1 Each 0002 24" x 54" Mobile Flip-Top Table 18 Each 0003 Conference Chairs 32 Each 0004 Design 1 Each 0005 Freight, Receiving, Delivery 1 Each & Installation (Inc. Electrical Hookup of Dual Channel Power Pole) 1. Period of Performance: The delivery is required no later than 120 days ARO. 2. Request for Information (RFIs): The Government will accept questions concerning this solicitation until 1 April 2026 at 4:00pm EST. Email your questions on a .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx document to kelly.curiel@us.af.mil and linh.jameson@us.af.mil. Any questions received after this date and time may not be considered. 3. Quotes Due Date: Quotes must be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist via e-mail at kelly.curiel@us.af.mil and Contracting Officer at linh.jameson@us.af.mil. Quotes must conform to the requirements of this solicitation and be received no later than 15 April 2026 at 12:00 PM EST. It is the responsibility of the offeror to ensure that the quote and its attachments are received. Any correspondence sent via e-mail must contain the subject line “FA8601-26-Q-0032 - F20016 Conference Room 028” The entire quotation must be contained in a single e-mail that does not exceed 5 megabytes including attachments, if any. E-mails with compressed files are not permitted. Note that e-mail filters at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base are designed to filter e-mails without subject lines or with suspicious subject lines or contents (i.e., .exe or .zip files). Therefore, if the specified subject line is not included, the e-mail may not get through the e-mail filters. Also be advised that .zip or .exe files are not allowable attachments and may be deleted by the email filters at Wright-Patterson. If sending attachments with email, ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx documents are sent. The email filter may delete any other form of attachments. If a DoDSafe drop off is needed, please notify the contract specialist or contracting officer at least 48 hours before quotes are due. Any quotes received after designated closing date and time need not be considered. Quotes must include aggregate total of base plus all option year CLINS, if requested (IAW FAR 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options). All quotes shall be in whole dollars and conform to the Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) structure of attached solicitation. 4. Notice to Vendor(s): The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. 5. Period of Acceptance of Quotes: Offeror agrees to hold prices in its quote firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. 6. SAM Registration: Firms submitting a quote for the solicitation described herein, MUST be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database, or risk the quote as being non-responsive, regardless of the package being considered complete, timely or any other salient consideration. Information to register on SAM can be found at the web site, SAM.gov. 7. Provisions and Clauses: See solicitation attachment for applicable provisions and clauses. Offerors shall complete and include in quotations all representations and certifications, as well as all fill-in provisions and clauses, contained within this solicitation. Additionally, quotations that contain pricing only with no description/detail of the equipment that will be provided will not be accepted or considered for award. List of Attachments: Statement of Work Solicitation ID-1 F20016 RM 028 (Floorplan) SAM Q&A PLEASE REVIEW & PROVIDE ALL INFORMATION BELOW: Shipping/transportation will be FOB: Destination Pricing Quoted: ____________________________ Payment Terms: ____________ Delivery Date: ____________ Company Name (as registered in SAM): ________________________ UEI: ________________ CAGE: __________________ POC: _________________ Telephone: ______________ E-Mail: ________________________________ Warranty Information: _________________________________________________________

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kelly Curiel
  - Email: kelly.curiel@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Linh Jameson
  - Email: linh.jameson@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: applicable provisions and clauses. Offerors shall complete and include in quotations all representations and certifications, as well as all fill-in provisions and clauses, contained within this solicitation. Additionally, quotations that contain pricing only with no description/detail of the equipment that will be provided will not be accepted or considered for award. List of Attachments: Statement of Work Solicitation ID-1 F20016 RM 028 (Floorplan) SAM Q&A PLEASE REVIEW & PROVIDE ALL INFORMATION BELOW: Shipping/transportation will be FOB: Destination Pricing Quoted: ____________________________ Payment Terms: ____________ Delivery Date: ____________ Company Name (as registered in SAM): ________________________ UEI: ________________ CAGE: __________________ POC: _________________ Telephone: ______________ E-Mail: ________________________________ Warranty Information: _________________________________________________________

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/1f2b2b183f784dfa89fc3f21118d73c7/view)