---
layout: default
title: FDA NCTR Bldg. 62 MCC-Switchgear Replacement
agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 888f722f425c4460b9e76ce53522c9a0
---

# FDA NCTR Bldg. 62 MCC-Switchgear Replacement

- Agency: HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-06 14:29:33.9-04
- Solicitation Number: 75F40126SSNFY26_MCC

## Summary

This is a Sources Sought Notice (SSN) - a market survey designed to collect written information only. This is not a solicitation announcement for proposals and no contract will be awarded from this announcement. No reimbursement will be made for any costs associated with providing information in response to this announcement or any follow-up information requests. There is no RFQ, or other iteration of a solicitation associated with this Notice, and no telephone calls will be accepted requesting an RFQ package or solicitation. To protect the procurement integrity of any future acquisition that may arise from this announcement, information regarding a government technical point of contact will not be given and no appointments for presentations will be made. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Office of Acquisitions and Grants Services (OAGS) issues this Sources Sought Notice (SSN) on behalf of the National Center for Toxicological Research (NCTR), to determine the presence of small business sources capable of completing a project to replace existing motor control centers (MCC’s), switchgear equipment, and draw-out breakers in Bldg. 62 of the FDA facility in Jefferson, Arkansas. Many of the current MCC’s in this building are original and date back to the 1940’s and 1950’s. Breakers in switchgear will be replaced with new ones and tested as shown in the construction documents attached to this Notice. Arc-flash studies and thermal scanning will also be conducted on all replaced MCC's draw-out breakers. If your firm is actively registered in SAM as a small business source under North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code 238210 (Electrical Contractors and Other Wiring Installation Contractors), with a size standard of $19.0 million, and you believe that your firm would be able to provide the FDA with the commercial construction services described below, please submit an email containing a capability statement to timothy.walbert@fda.hhs.gov by the date and time specified on the last page of this Notice. Other than small business concerns are also encouraged to submit capability statements. Period of Performance Estimated period of performance is 24 months after official Notice to Proceed. Place of Performance The equipment is located at the National Center for Toxicological Research (NCTR) at the following address: U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) National Center for Toxicological Research (NCTR) 3900 NCTR Rd., Bldg. 62 Jefferson AR 72079 Responses to this Sources Sought shall unequivocally demonstrate that the respondent is regularly engaged in the performance of the services required herein. Though the target audience is small business vendors or small businesses capable of supplying a U.S. product/service of a small business vendor or producer, all interested parties may respond in the form of a capabilities statement. At a minimum, capability statements shall include the following: Business name and bio, Unique Entity ID (SAM) number, business address, business website, business size status (i.e., SB, VOSB, SDVOSB, HUBZone SB, SDB, WOSB, LB), point of contact name, mailing address (if different from business address), phone number and email address. Provide this same information again if responding to provide a service offered by another firm; Past Performance (within the last 3 years) information for the performance of same or substantially same MCC replacement projects involving antiquated commercial electrical equipment, to include period of performance, description, dollar value, client name, client address, client contact name, client point of contact mailing address (if different from that provided for client), client point of contact phone number, client point of contact email address, and name of the service provider (to include SAM Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) and size status) if not the respondent; Descriptive literature, brochures, marketing material, etc. detailing the nature of the services the responding firm is regularly engaged in providing; If applicable, identification of the firm's GSA Schedule contract(s) by Schedule number and SINs that are applicable to this potential requirement are also requested; If applicable, identification of other Government-wide or HHS-wide contracts that these services are available under; If the firm is considered a large business in SAM.gov, provide whether subcontracting opportunities exist for small business concerns; Standard commercial warranty and payment terms; Though this is not a request for quote, informational pricing for the services described would be helpful for market research purposes. The Government is not responsible for locating or securing any information not identified in the response. Disclaimer and Important Notes This notice does not obligate the Government to award a contract or otherwise pay for the information provided in response. The Government reserves the right to use information provided by respondents for any purpose deemed necessary and legally appropriate. Any organization responding to this notice should ensure that its response is complete and sufficiently detailed to allow the Government to determine the organization’s qualifications to perform the work. Respondents are advised that the Government is under no obligation to acknowledge receipt of the information received or provide feedback to respondents with respect to any information submitted. After a review of the responses received, a pre?solicitation synopsis or combined synopsis/ solicitation may be published on SAM.gov – Contracting Opportunities. However, responses to this notice will not be considered a response to a solicitation. Confidentiality and Proprietary Information No proprietary, classified, confidential, or sensitive information should be included in your response. The Government reserves the right to use any non?proprietary technical information in any resultant solicitation(s). Interested firms must respond with capability statements submitted ONLY by email on or before 2:00 pm (Central Time in Jefferson AR) on April 21, 2026 to Tim Walbert at timothy.walbert@fda.hhs.gov. Please reference FDA SSN 75F40126SSNMCC62 in the Subject line of the e-mail. Attachments: Building 62 plan documents (5 PDF files): Attachment No. Plan ID Description 1 E1210 First Floor and Basement Plans – one-line diagram DEMOLITION 2 E1220 First Floor and Basement Plans – one-line diagram NEW 3 E1230 Second Floor Plans – DEMOLITION and NEW 4 E1240, E1250 Elevations, Schedules, and Notes

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Tim Walbert
  - Email: timothy.walbert@fda.hhs.gov
  - Phone: 3017961768

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: . Plan ID Description 1 E1210 First Floor and Basement Plans – one-line diagram DEMOLITION 2 E1220 First Floor and Basement Plans – one-line diagram NEW 3 E1230 Second Floor Plans – DEMOLITION and NEW 4 E1240, E1250 Elevations, Schedules, and Notes

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/888f722f425c4460b9e76ce53522c9a0/view)