---
layout: default
title: CABINET,PWR SPLY
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Solicitation
notice_id: 7df7c1e6a4f54b7cbab627af92c2d1f4
---

# CABINET,PWR SPLY

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-04 05:40:59.211-05
- Solicitation Number: SPRMM126QKC13

## Summary

ITEM UNIQUE IDENTIFICATION AND VALUATION (JAN 2023)|19|||||||||||||||||||| INSPECTION OF SUPPLIES--FIXED-PRICE (AUG 1996)|2||| INSPECTION AND ACCEPTANCE - SHORT VERSION|8|x||x|||||| WIDE AREA WORKFLOW PAYMENT INSTRUCTIONS (JAN 2023)|16|INVOICE AND RECEIVING REPORT COMBO||TBD|SPRMM1|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|TBD|||||| CONTRACTOR PURCHASING SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION-BASIC (DEVIATION 2026-O0015)|1|| SECURITY PROHIBITIONS AND EXCLUSIONS (CLASS DEVIATION 2026-O0025)(FEB 2026)|7|||||||| ALTERNATE A, ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (OCT 2025)|13|X|X|X|||X|||||||| ANNUAL REPRESENTATIONS AND CERTIFICATIONS (MAR 2025)(DEVIATION 2025-O0003 AND2025-O0004))|13|332710|500|X|X|||||||||| NOTICE OF PRIORITY RATING FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE, EMERGENCY PERPARDENESS, AND ENRGY PROGAM USE (APRIL 2008))|2||X| The purpose of this amendment is to extend the solicitation to 3/31/26. All other terms and conditions remain the same. \ 1. All contractual documents (i.e. contracts, purchase orders, task orders, Delivery orders, and modifications) related to the instant procurement are considered to be "issued" by the government when copies are either deposited in the mail, transmitted by facsimile, or sent by other electronic commerce methods, such as email. The government's acceptance of the contractor's proposal constitutes bilateral agreement to "issue" contractual documents as detailed herein. 2. Drawings or technical data are not available for this item. 3. Delivery days_________aro. 4. Offer valid for _____ days. 5. When submitting quotes via Electronic Data Interchange (EDI), make sure you specify any exceptions (i.e. Mil specs/standards, packaging, Inspection & Acceptance (I&A), packaging houses etc) or follow up with a hardcopy of the exceptions. If nothing is indicated or received, award will be based upon solicitation requirements. Changes or requests for changes after award will have consideration costs deducted on modifications. 6. If you are not the manufacturer of the material you are offering, you MUST state who the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) is ?Commercial and Government Entity Code (CAGE) code? and the part number you are offering. 7. Please provide an email address for follow up communications. ____________________________________________________________ 8. It is recommended that vendors provide contact information to NAVSUP Weapon System Support (WSS) Mechanicsburg in order to receive automated notifications from Navy Electronic Commerce Online (NECO) when contracts/modifications are issued by Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) Weapons Support Mechanicsburg and posted on Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) Electronic Data Access (EDA). To receive these notifications, contact: NAVSUPWSS code 025, procurement systems design and contract support division Via email at NAVSUPWSSITIMPHelpdesk@navy.mil. Please include the following information with your request: CAGE code, company name, address and Point-of-Contact (POC) with phone number and email address. 9. Contractors can view their orders, contracts and modifications at the EDA web tool. This web tool is located at the PIEE website. It is recommended that the contractor register for EDA at https://piee.eb.mil/. Click on new user and registration. Any order resulting from this Request for Quotation will require electronic submittal of Invoice and Receiving Report (COMBO) through PIEE-WAWF. 10. The following DLA Procurement Notes are applicable to this requirement: E06 Inspection and Acceptance at Source (JUN 2018) 11. INSPECTION OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ INSPECTION OF PACKAGING AND FINAL ACCEPTANCE OF MATERIAL WILL BE AT (CAGE & ADDRESS): ______________________________________________________________ 12. Provide Quantity Breaks with your quote. An example is provided below, aseach OEM has their own quantity price breaks: QTY 1-5 EA $______ Qty 6-9 EA $______ Qty 10-19 EA $______ Qty 20-29 EA $______ Qty 30-39 EA $______ Qty 40+ $______ 13. UCF SECTION F PRODUCTION FACILITY CHANGES (a) The performance of any of the work contracted for in any place other than that named in the contract is prohibited unless specifically approved by the Contracting Officer. Written requests for a change in production facilities must be submitted in writing to the Contracting Officer. Changes in production facilities may be approved, provided: (1) Performance by small business or in labor surplus areas as required by the contract will not be changed; (2) The change will not cause a delay in delivery or necessitate a change in the purchase description; (3) The free on board (f.o.b.) point is not changed; and (4) Each request is supported by a price reduction of $250.00 to cover the Government's administrative costs to process the change. (b) The Government reserves the right to deny approval even if these four elements are met. Award evaluations will be made using the Lowest Price Technically Acceptable (LPTA) criteria per DFARS 215.101-2-70(a)(1)(i). \ 1. SCOPE 1.1 This contract/purchase order contains the requirements for manufacture and the contract quality requirements for the CABINET,PWR SPLY . 2. APPLICABLE DOCUMENTS 2.1 Applicable Documents - The document(s) listed below form a part of this contract/purchase order including modifications or exclusions. 2.1.1 "Document References" listed below must be obtained by the Contractor. Ordering information is included as an attachment to this contract/purchase order. 3. REQUIREMENTS 3.1 Cage Code/Reference Number Items - The CABINET,PWR SPLY furnished under this contract/purchase order shall be the design represented by Cage Code(s) reference number(s). Cage _______ ref. no. ;51435 433D0200-30; 3.2 Marking - This item shall be physically identified in accordance with ;MIL-STD-130, REV N, 16 NOV 2012; . 3.3 Changes in Design, Material Servicing, or Part Number - Except for a Code 1 change, which shall be processed as provided in the code statement shown below, no substitution of items shall be made until the NAVICP-MECH Contracting Officer has notified and approval has been given by issuance of a written change order. When any change in design, material, servicing or part number is made to replace or substitute any item to be furnished on this contract/purchase order, the Contractor shall furnish, for the substituting/replacement item, a drawing and an explanation of the reason for the change, explaining the reason therefor. If finished detail drawings are not available, shop drawings in the form used by the manufacturer will be acceptable for Government evaluation. When notifying the Procurement Contracting Officer of the reasons for making substitutions, the type of change shall be indicated by code number in accordance with one of the following statements: Code 1: PART NUMBER CHANGE ONLY - If the Manufacturer's Part Number indicated thereon has changed, but the parts are identical in all respects, supply the item and advise NAVICP-MECH immediately of the new part number. Code 2: Assembly (or set or kit) not furnished - Used following detail parts. Code 3: Part not furnished separately - Use assembly. Code 4: Part redesigned - Old and new parts are completely interchangeable. Code 5: Part redesigned - New part replaces old. Old part cannot replace new. Code 6: Part redesigned - Parts not interchangeable. 3.4 Mercury Free - The material supplied under this contract/purchase order is intended for use on submarines/surface ships and therefore shall contain no metallic mercury and shall be free from mercury contamination. Mercury contamination of the material will be cause for rejection. If the inclusion of metallic mercury is required as a functional part of the material furnished under this contract, the Contractor shall obtain written approval from the Procurement Contracting Officer before proceeding with manufacture. The contractor's request shall explain in detail the requirements for mercury, identify specifically the parts to contain mercury, and explain the method of protection against mercury escape. Such a request will be forwarded directly to the Procurement Contracting Officer with a copy to the applicable Government Inspector. Upon approval by the Contracting Officer, the vendor will provide a "Warning Plate" stating that metallic mercury is a functional part of the item and will include name and location of that part. The use of mercury, mercury compounds, or mercury-bearing instruments and/or equipment in a manner which might cause contamination in the manufacture, assembly, or test of material on this contract is prohibited. The most probable causes of contamination are direct-connected manometers, mercury vacuum pumps, mercury seals, or the handling of mercury in the immediate vicinity. Mercury switches, mercury in glass thermometers, standard cells and other items containing mercury may be used if they are located so as not to constitute a contamination hazard. If external contamination by metallic mercury occurs or is suspected, the following test may be used to determine whether contamination by metallic mercury exists or whether corrective cleaning measures have been effective. Enclose the equipment in a polyethylene bag or close-fitting airtight container for eight hours at room temperature (70 degrees F minimum).Sample the trapped air and if mercury vapor concentration is 0.01 mg/cu meter or more, the material is mercury contaminated insofar as the requirements of this contract are concerned. These requirements shall be included in any subcontract or purchase order hereunder and the Contractor shall insure SubContractor compliance with these requirements. Technical questions pertaining to these requirements shall be referred to the Procurement Contracting Officer via the cognizant Administrative Contracting Officer. For background, the following information is provided: Mercury is corrosive to gold, silver, nickel, stainless steels, aluminum and copper alloys. Stainless steels, nickel, and copper alloys are widely used in reactor plants and other submarine/surface ship systems. Accidental trapping of mercury in a component could cause serious damage to vital parts. Mercury is also toxic if inhaled, ingested, or absorbed through the skin. It is evident that grave consequences could result from small amounts of mercury vapor present in an unreplenished submarine/surface ship atmosphere. 4. QUALITY ASSURANCE 4.1 Responsibility for Inspection - Unless otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor is responsible for the performance of all inspection requirements as specified herein. Except as otherwise specified in the contract/purchase order, the Contractor may use his own or any other facilities suitable for the performance of the inspection requirements specified herein, unless disapproved by the Government. The Government reserves the right to perform any of the inspections set forth in the specification where such inspections are deemed necessary to assure supplies and services conform to prescribed requirements. 4.2 Responsibility for Compliance - All items must meet all requirements of this contract/purchase order. The inspection set forth in this specification shall become a part of the Contractor's overall inspection system or quality program. The absence of any inspection requirements shall not relieve the Contractor of the responsibility of assuring that all products or supplies submitted to the Government for acceptance comply with all requirements of the contract/purchase order. Sampling in quality conformance does not authorize submission of known defective material, either indicated or actual, not does it commit the Government to acceptance of defective material. 4.3 Records - Records of all inspection work by the Contractor shall be kept complete and available to the Government during the performance of contract/purchase order and for a period of 365 calendar days after final delivery of supplies. 5. PACKAGING 5.1 Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking - Preservation, Packaging, Packing and Marking shall be in accordance with the Contract/Purchase Order Schedule and as specified below. MIL-STD 2073 PACKAGING APPLIES AS FOUND ELSEWHERE IN THE SCHEDULE 6. NOTES 6.1 Ordering Information for Document References - The Department of Defense Single Stock Point (DODSSP), Website http://www.dsp.dla.mil/, provides product information for the Department Of Defense Index Of Specifications and Standards (DODISS) (i.e.Military/Federal Specifications and Standards), Data Item Descriptions (DIDs), and other DODSSP Products. Most Specifications can obtained directly from http://quicksearch.dla.mil/ A. Availability of Cancelled Documents - The DODSSP offers cancelled documentsthat are required by private industry in fulfillment of contractual obligationsin paper format. Documents can be requested by phoning the Subscription Services Desk. B. Commercial Specifications, Standards, and Descriptions - These specifications, standards and descriptions are not available from Government sources. Theymay be obtained from the publishers of the applicable societies. C. Ordnance Standards (OS), Weapons Specifications (WS), and NAVORD OSTD 600 Pages - These type publications may be obtained by submitting a request to: Commander, Indian Head Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center Code 8410P, 101 Strauss Avenue Indian Head, MD 20640-5035 D. On post-award actions, requests for "Official Use Only" and "NOFORN" (Not Releasable To Foreign Nationals) documents must identify the Government ContractNumber, and must be submitted via the cognizant Defense Contract Management Command (DCMC) for certification of need for the document. On pre-award actions such requests must be submitted to the PCO for certification of need for the document. E. NOFORN Military Specifications and Standards (including Amendments, Change Notices and Supplements, but NOT interim Changes) to be ordered from: Contracting Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 87321 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 F. Nuclear Reactor Publications Assigned NAVSEA Documents and Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding Standard, NAVSEA 250-1500-1) are to be ordered enue: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 009 5450 Carlisle Pike P.O. Box 2020 Mechanicsburg, Pa. 17055-0788 G. Technical Manuals Assigned NAVSEA Identification Numbers (i.e. NAVSEA Welding And Brazing Procedure, NAVSEA S9074-AQ-GIB-010/248) are to be ordered from: Commanding Officer NAVSUP-WSS Code 1 Support Branch 700 Robbins Avenue Philadelphia, Pa. 19111-5094 H. Interim Changes and Classified Specifications must be obtained by submitting a request on DD Form 1425 to NAVSUP-WSS. 6.2 Notice To Distributors/Offerors - Consideration for award of contract shall be given only to authorized distributors of the original manufacturer's item represented in this solicitation. If you desire to be considered as a potential source for award of this contract, proof of being an authorized distributor shall be provided on company letterhead signed by a responsible company official and sent with your offer to the Procurement Contracting Officer. 6.3 In accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.1 all documents and drawings provided by the U.S. Navy to perspective Contractors must include a "Distribution Statement" to inform the contractor of the limits of distribution, and the safeguarding of the information contained on those documents and drawings. There are 7 (seven) seperate distribution statement codes used for non-classified documents and drawings. The definition for each is as follows: A... approved for public release; distribution is unlimited. B... distribution authorized to US Governments agencies only. C... distribution authorized to US Government agencies and their contractors. D... distribution authorized to DoD and DoD contractors only. E... distribution authorized to DoD Components only. F... further distribution only as directed by Commander, Naval Sea Systems Command, code 09T. X... distribution is authorized to US Government agencies and private individuals or enterprises eligible to obtain export controlled technical data in accordance with OPNAVINST 5510.161.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Electronic Mail: AUSTIN.SHATTO@DLA.MIL
  - Email: AUSTIN.SHATTO@DLA.MIL

## Links

- SAM.gov: https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7df7c1e6a4f54b7cbab627af92c2d1f4/view