---
layout: default
title: FCC Oakdale FY26 3rd QTR Milk
agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: a76cc1bd2ecf4c99a869e909d8c9f1c6
---

# FCC Oakdale FY26 3rd QTR Milk

- Agency: JUSTICE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-16 13:59:51.371-04
- Solicitation Number: 15B51826Q00000008

## Summary

Combined synopsis solicitation, FCC Oakdale, FY26 3rd Quarter Food Service Bid – Milk Solicitation Number 15B51826Q00000008. This combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, supplement with additional information included in the notice. The announcement constitutes only solicitation; quotes are being requested, and a written solicitation will not be issued. The Federal Bureau of Prisons, Federal Correctional Complex Oakdale, Louisiana, intends to issue solicitation 15B51826Q00000008, for the requirements of milk related items. This solicitation is restricted to 100% Small Business Set-aside, FOB Destination. Please ensure that you only bid on items that you can and will provide meeting the provided specifications. If you cannot provide items that you were awarded, performance will be affected and may affect future awards. The contract type is a firm-fixed price. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code applicable to this requirement is 311999. This solicitation is restricted to 100% Small Business, FOB Destination. The small business size standard is 700 employees. Each offer is required per FAR 52.212?3 to complete their representations and certifications via the on-line Representation and Certification Applications (ORCA) at http://orca.bpn.gov. Faith Based and Community Based Organizations (Aug 2005) are included. The Government reserves the right upon award to make formal single or multiple awards. The Government will award to the responsible offeror(s) whose offer, conforming to the solicitation, that are considered to be most advantageous to the Government, with past performance and price considered. All contractors doing business with the Federal Government shall be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database. The website for registration is www.sam.gov. Lack of registration in the SAM database will make a contractor ineligible for award. FOB Destination, delivery date is April 1, 2026. Deliveries will be made to Federal Correctional Complex, Oakdale, Louisiana, (Food Service Warehouse) 2105 East Whatley Rd, Oakdale, LA 71463. Deliveries will be accepted Monday-Friday 7:30am-3:00pm. The point of contact for all information regarding this solicitation is Blasia McGee, Contract Specialist, at the address listed above. Completed offers must be emailed to bhornsby@bop.gov. Email is the preferred method of submission. Confirmation e-mails will be returned for all e-mailed quotes. Submission of Quotations Completed quotes may be submitted electronically via e-mail to bhornsby@bop.gov. All responsible sources must submit a typed quote on the attached specification sheet (RFQ, – SF 1449 -REQUEST FOR QUOTATION), which will be considered for award. Do not submit multiple quote request. The date for receipts of quotes is no later than 9:00 a.m. Central Standard Time on Thursday, March5, 2026. Quotes must be marked with the Solicitation Number (15B51826Q00000008) and include the Quoter’s Unique Entity Identifier (not DUNS number) for SAM, point of contact for the vendor, and all required information, to the attention of Blasia McGee, Contract Specialist. Lack of registration in the SAM database will make the contractor ineligible for award. Please type information so that it can be easily read. Any questions regarding this requirement may be submitted to Blasia McGee, at bhornsby@bop.gov. (Normal working hours are 6:00am - 4:30pm CST, Monday - Thursday.) All pricing must be good for 30 days beyond anticipated award date. This includes shipping as FOB Destination. Unless the Government indicates otherwise within a particular line-item description, each Bidder shall include in their RFQ Response, individual pricing for each line item(s) they are able to provide in order to be considered for award (i.e., Do not use the "included in another line item" function when pricing each line item.) Only quote on those items specified, do not change the item or item description. Do not bid on alternate item or alternate packaging. Failure to comply with this term may result in the Bid being determined to be unacceptable. Items that do not conform to descriptions found in this Buy will be rejected at the time of delivery, causing a return at the contractor's expense. Award The Government reserves the right to make a single award, or multiple awards, to the responsible quoter(s) whose quote(s), conforming to the solicitation, is considered to be most advantageous to the Government, with price being considered. Past performance will be considered approximately equal in value to price. The Best Value Determination method will be used to make award for this requirement. FAR defines “Best Value” as the expected outcome of an acquisition that, in the Government’s estimation, provides the greatest overall benefit in response to the requirement. Please include shipping in all pricing, as FOB Destination. Considerations for this Best Value determination include: 1- Price; 2 – Past Performance, to include timeliness of delivery, providing correct product as specified, completing order as awarded/quoted, and providing the correct quantity of items awarded, as well as FAPIIS and PPIRS reports; (poor past performance, failure to delivery awarded items in the past, not meeting required specifications, etc.) may result with the vendor’s quote being considered as a non-responsible vendor; 3 – Technically Acceptable Item Undelivered items are subject to cancellation. Failure to deliver within the established time frames will be considered as non-conformance under the terms of the contract.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Blasia Hornaby
  - Email: bhornsby@bop.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/a76cc1bd2ecf4c99a869e909d8c9f1c6/view)