---
layout: default
title: GEC MD8060 Automated Scale Presses Industry Day
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Special Notice
notice_id: be37ab0870164b3daf0e4c777c609ba5
---

# GEC MD8060 Automated Scale Presses Industry Day

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Special Notice
- Posted: 2026-03-06 14:15:44.432-05

## Summary

Special Notice Title of Event: GEC MD8060 Automated Scale Presses Industry Day Audience: Industry Representatives When: 7 April 2026, 0800-1600 Where: Air Force Metrology & Calibration (AFMETCAL) and the Air Force Primary Standards Laboratory (AFPSL), 813 Irving-Wick Dr. W., Heath, OH 43056 Abstract: The Air Force Metrology and Calibration Program (AFMETCAL) is hosting an Industry Day to provide information and gather feedback regarding the potential modification of the GEC MD8060 Automated Scale Presses. This event is critical for potential offerors to gain a comprehensive understanding of the current system and the specific requirements for its modification. The potential modification of the MD8060 would include removing the current hydraulic and electronic systems then installing a manually controlled hydraulic pump that maintains the MD8060’s accuracy of ±0.025% rdg and range from 200 to 60,000 lbf. The primary objective of this Industry Day is to allow industry partners the opportunity to inspect the MD8060 firsthand at Air Force Primary Standards Lab (AFPSL). This on-site inspection is essential for understanding the requirement and developing an informed and effective solution. We encourage industry to identify potential risks and propose mitigation strategies related to the system modification. Potential offerors on any future solicitation are required to inspect the MD8060 on site, as they likely would not be able to submit a competitive proposal without a site visit. In no event shall failure to inspect the MD8060 on site constitute grounds for a claim after any resulting contract award. Objectives: Provide early engagement and communication to Industry Provide a forum to discuss modification strategies Improve the quality of any future solicitation Identify vendors interested and capable of executing modification of the MD8060 Who Should Attend? Both large and small businesses are encouraged to participate in this Industry Day event. For this Industry Day, the Government will permit a maximum of three (3) individuals per vendor to register and attend. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code to be used for this procurement is 334516 (Laboratory Analytical Instruments Manufacturing). Items for Discussion: To facilitate effective exchange, the Government requests questions in writing prior to the Industry Day. This will allow the Government to conduct research in advance of scheduled one-on-one sessions and come prepared to answer your questions. Please submit your specific questions to BOTH frank.capuano@us.af.mil and thomas.carson.2@us.af.mil. Answers may be limited as the Government is in the Market Research phase. The Government is not requesting capability statements or briefings at this time. Scheduled one-on-one sessions will allow interested vendors the opportunity to openly communicate with the Government by providing comments and inputs for consideration during the development of the solicitation. Times for the one-on-one sessions will be scheduled and communicated with registered attendees prior to the Industry Day. Sessions will be no more than 60 minutes and discussion will focus on the MD8060 requirements. In the event an interested party cannot attend on the scheduled date, an alternate date for a site visit will be accommodated as necessary to ensure maximum participation. To ensure transparency, non-proprietary questions and answers will be recorded, sanitized, and placed on SAM.gov. Please e-mail proposed topics and questions that you may have no later than 27 March 2026. Registration: Pre-registration is MANDATORY for attendance. Please submit the following information electronically to BOTH frank.capuano@us.af.mil and thomas.carson.2@us.af.mil no later than 2:00 PM EDT 27 March 2026 to pre-register. Information addressing security, directions, and individual session times will be provided to respondents. For this Industry Day, the Government will permit a maximum of three (3) individuals per vendor to register and attend. Only group registrations will be processed. The following information shall be provided for each attendee: 1. Individual attendees' full name and title 2. Individual attendees' e-mail address 3. Company name 4. Company Cage Code 5. Small Business Status 6. Telephone number 7. Visitor request form (To be provided upon notice of pre-registration) 7. Do you wish to have your company name included on a published list of attendees? Additional Information: Any submitted information may be used to structure future solicitations. Sensitive, proprietary, or otherwise confidential information must be marked appropriately in the response. Information received from respondents will not be shared with other vendors. Respondents will not be notified of the results of the market research. Additionally, information gathered through this meeting may influence RFQ development. This notification does not constitute an Invitation for Bids (IFB), a Request for Quote (RFQ), or a Request for Proposal (RFP) and it should not be construed as a commitment of any kind by the Government to issue a formal solicitation, award a contract, or conduct an acquisition in any particular way. The U.S. Government is in no way liable to pay for or reimburse any companies or entities that respond to this announcement. Any costs incurred by interested companies in response to this announcement or incurred for participation in the Industry Day will NOT be reimbursed. All information marked as proprietary information will be safeguarded to prevent disclosure to non-Government personnel and entities. The acquisition strategy for the modification of the GEC MD8060 Automated Scale Presses has not been finalized; this requirement is in the market research and planning phase. No solicitation or projected solicitation date is available at this time. Points of Contact: All communication regarding this solicitation should be sent to BOTH of the following individuals: Thomas Carson, Contracting Officer thomas.carson.2@us.af.mil 937-713-5844 Frank Capuano, Contract Specialist frank.capuano@us.af.mil 937-713-5842

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Thomas Carson
  - Email: thomas.carson.2@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 9377135844
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Frank Capuano
  - Email: frank.capuano@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 9377135842

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/be37ab0870164b3daf0e4c777c609ba5/view)