---
layout: default
title: Fire Suppression System Installation - BLDG 450 Grissom ARB, IN
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 7c69fd4c42ba41099140bbd2e27087da
---

# Fire Suppression System Installation - BLDG 450 Grissom ARB, IN

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-15 12:42:11.207-04
- Solicitation Number: FA465426R0003

## Summary

1. Point of Contact: Contracting Officer: Cedric Q. Roberts Address: 434 CONF LGC, 448 Mustang Ave, Grissom ARB, IN 46971-5000 Email: Cedric.roberts@us.af.mil Telephone: 765-688-2818 2. Set-asides: No set-asides. 3. Codes for Services or Supplies: NAICS Code: 238220 (Plumbing, Heating, and Air-Conditioning Contractors) Product Service Code (PSC): N012 (Installation of Equipment- Fire fighting/rescuing/safety equipment) 4. Description: This is a Combined Synopsis/Solicitation for a Non-Appropriated Fund (NAF) contract to design, build, and install a complete fire suppression system for Building 450 located at Grissom Air Reserve Base, IN. The award will be made to the responsible and capable offeror with the lowest price technically acceptable proposal. Offers are due by 07:00 AM local time on May 8, 2026. Site Visit: The site visit scheduled for April 15, 2026, was canceled due to non-attendance. Future requests for site visits will be reviewed and approved on a case-by-case basis. Questions are due by April 21, 2026 at 10:00AM. This is a NAF purchase, and it does not obligate appropriated funds of the United States Government. NAFs are generated by the military community through the sale of goods and services, and the collection of fees and charges for participation in military community programs. This purchase does not involve federal tax dollars. Funds are not presently available for this effort. No award will be made under this solicitation until funds are available. The Government reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. In the event the Government cancels this solicitation, the Government has no obligation to reimburse an offeror for any costs.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Cedric Roberts
  - Email: cedric.roberts@us.af.mil
  - Phone: 7656882818

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/7c69fd4c42ba41099140bbd2e27087da/view)