---
layout: default
title: V999--VALB Shuttle & Valet SVCs
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d57b8c3bb8b143ca967d525ac28c2698
---

# V999--VALB Shuttle & Valet SVCs

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-25 19:19:31.179-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0512
- Awardee: null

## Summary

This is a SOURCES SOUGHT ANNOUNCEMENT ONLY. This Sources Sought Notice is not a request for competitive quotes and no solicitation is available. Requests for a solicitation will not receive a response. Responses to this sources-sought must be in writing. Any responses received will only be considered for the Market Research purposes of determining whether to conduct a set-aside or unrestricted competitive procurement. All interested parties must include their SAM UEI and business size status in their response. Documentation of technical expertise must be presented in sufficient detail to demonstrate the ability to comply with the requirement. The Government is requesting an informal quote for these services in addition to a capability statement using the included price schedule found on the last page of this Sources Sought Notice. The informal quote is for market research purposes only, and will not form a binding agreement. The VA Long Beach Healthcare System (VALBHCS) requires contracted non-emergent wheelchair, stretcher, and ambulatory transportation services. The contractor shall provide all labor, vehicles, personnel, supervision, supplies, equipment, and necessary reporting for the provision of shuttle and valet services in accordance with the Statement of Work. The Draft Statement of Work included in this Sources Sought Notice is not final. No inquiries will be accepted at this time. All interested Offerors should submit information by e-mail to katharine.robert@va.gov. All e-mails must have as the subject line 36C26226Q0512 Shuttle and Valet Services, VALB . All information submissions must be received no later than 11:00 AM MST on April 3, 2026. Important information: The Government is not obligated to/nor will it pay for or reimburse any costs associated with responding to this sources-sought synopsis request. This notice shall not be construed as a commitment by the Government to issue a solicitation or ultimately award a contract, nor does it restrict the Government to a particular acquisition approach. The Government will in no way be bound to this information if any solicitation is issued. The VA is mandated by Public Law 109-461 to consider a total set-aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business set aside. However, if response by Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business firms proves inadequate, an alternate set-aside or full and open competition may be determined. No sub-contracting opportunity is anticipated. The North American Classification System (NAICS) code for this acquisition is 485991 Special Needs Transportation. The Product Service Code associated with this acquisition is V999 Transportation/Travel/Relocation Other. Notice to potential offerors: All offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Federal Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) at www.sam.gov and complete Online Representations and Certifications Application (ORCA). Additionally, all Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Businesses or Veteran Owned Businesses who respond to a solicitation on this project must be registered with the Small Business Administration Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert), located at Veteran Small Business Certification (sba https://veterans.certify.sba.gov/.gov). DRAFT Statement of Work Title: Shuttle and Valet Services, VALBHCS Purpose: The VA Long Beach Healthcare System (VALBHCS) requires contracted non-emergent wheelchair, stretcher, and ambulatory transportation services. The contractor shall provide all labor, vehicles, personnel, supervision, supplies, equipment, and necessary reporting for the provision of shuttle and valet services in accordance with the Statement of Work. Background: VALBHCS shuttle and valet service is necessary to ensure all veterans reach the hospital from parking lots by reducing the physical strain and logistical stress of navigating a large, busy medical campus. This is especially important for veterans with mobility challenges, chronic conditions, or disabilities. Shuttle Scope/Requirements: Shuttle service will consist of the following: Shuttles: Contractor shall provide three (3) 20-passenger ADA compliant buses and three (3) Class B Licensed shuttle drivers with passenger endorsement. One of the shuttles will be transporting passengers from 5901 East 7th Street Long Beach CA 90822 to and back 5761 E Colorado Street Long Beach CA 90814. Shuttles will be serviced and maintained by the Contractor for the duration of this contract. Shuttle service will run Monday thru Friday from 6am to 6pm 12 hours per day, 5 days a week, 52 weeks a year. (Excluding Federal Holidays). The Contractor shall place the VA logo on all vehicles in use for the shuttle service. The COR will provide the VA logo design, and the Contractor shall purchase / print the decals and place them on the shuttle vehicle within 30 days of contract award. The decals must be large enough to be visible and to be read from a reasonable distance (12 24 inches wide). Carts: Contractor shall provide three (3) 6-8 passenger GEM E6 Electric Vehicles 6 Passenger - 110V or 6-8 Passengers Golf Carts with covers, two (2) current California Class C drivers to operate these carts and one (1) 24 hours services onsite dispatcher. Carts will be serviced and maintained by the Contractor for the duration of this contract. Cart service and dispatcher will run Monday thru Sunday from 6am to 6am, 24 hours per day, 7 days a week, 52 weeks a year. (Including Federal Holidays.) The Contractor shall provide two-way radios for the golf cart/electric cart drivers and dispatcher as well as one (1) cell phone that the number will be posted and provide to employees and patients to call for pickup and drop-off assistance around the VA facility. The Contractor shall place the VA logo on all vehicles in use for the shuttle service. The COR will provide the VA logo design, and the Contractor shall purchase / print the decals and place them on the shuttle vehicle within 30 days of contract award. The decals must be large enough to be visible and to be read from a reasonable distance (12 24 inches wide). Contractor shall be responsible for daily inspections (CHP approved inspection sheet), fuel, licensing, registration, qualified drivers, and all maintenance and repair services. If any safety issues are found during the daily inspection, these must be fixed prior to start of the shift or a replacement vehicle shall be provided. All required documentation shall be available at any time upon request for review if necessary. Contractor shall be responsible by law to provide breaks to all drivers. Drivers will self-break (off peak). A relief driver shall be provided for lunch breaks to those working above the CA mandated hours. Contractor Personnel: Contractor personnel shall be courteous and always conduct themselves in a businesslike manner while providing services under this contract. Drivers: Services shall be provided by a qualified driver, licensed in accordance with applicable state, city, and local regulations. Each driver shall possess a driver s license that is valid for the class of vehicle driven. Evidence of a special transportation service vehicle permit, or endorsement issued by the commissioner of public safety. Be at least 18 years of age and have not less than one year of experience as a licensed driver; and For the past three years: Have not had a driver s license canceled or suspended. Have a driving record clear of convictions for operating a motor vehicle or motorcycle without insurance. Have a driving record clear of convictions for driving a motor vehicle without a valid current license for the class of vehicle driven Have a driving and criminal record clear of convictions for driving under the influence of alcohol or a controlled substance. Drivers shall be presentable, well-groomed and look professional. Drivers shall wear company uniform. The Contractor shall be responsible for furnishing all vehicles, uniforms, nametags and/or badges for performance of services under this contract. Employee identifications shall be worn in clear view above the waist. Drivers are responsible for cleaning and disinfecting all buses and carts before the start of each shift. The contractor personnel shall not play loud music originating from any device in vehicles while transporting VA patients. Investigative Requirements for Contract Personnel: Contract personnel will be subject to the same investigative requirements as those for regular VA appointees and employees. The level of investigation commensurate with the level of access to perform the performance work statement is: Special Agreement Checks (SAC). Fingerprinting for contract personnel will be conducted at VALBHCS. The VA Security and Investigation Center (SIC) is responsible for adjudicating all background investigations for contract employees. Contractor personnel may be required to wear Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) when required. Contractor personnel will collect, contain, and dispose of all trash resulting from the day-to-day operations according to VA regulation. The contractor and its personnel shall follow all VA regulations and VHA Center for Engineering and Occupational Safety & Health Regulations. The Contractor shall provide and install twenty (20) signs on the VALBHCS campus. Sign locations shall be approved by the COR prior to installation. The Contractor shall provide and install weatherproof stickers that display their dispatch phone number on 60 current signs hung at the VALBHCS campus. COR shall provide the sign locations prior to installation. The signs are 24 x 24 inches; the sticker should be 13 inches wide by 2 inches high. SEE ATTACHMENT EXAMPLE OF SIGN. The contractor is responsible for repairing damages incurred during the performance of this contract to include the removal and installation or moving materials and tools in and out of work areas. Vehicles: The VA reserves the right to inspect the contractor s equipment and vehicles or require documentation of compliance with state laws, rules, and regulations. VA inspections of contractor equipment do not constitute a warranty or guarantee that the contractor s vehicles and equipment are properly maintained. The VA reserves the right to restrict the contractor s use of equipment and vehicles in the performance of this contract that are not in compliance with contract requirements. The restriction of such equipment and vehicles shall not relieve the contractor from performance IAW the contract nor necessitate additional cost to the VA. All vehicles shall be clean and maintained in good repair IAW the manufacturer s instructions. Interiors and exteriors of each vehicle shall be well maintained and present a respectable appearance. Any vehicle involved in an accident, no matter how insignificant, shall be taken out of operation until the Contractor has provided written documentation to VALBHCS that the vehicle has been repaired and is in good working order. Valet Scope/Requirements: Valet service will consist of the following: The Contractor shall provide all labor supplies, materials, transportation, supervision, support vehicles, and other non-personnel services required to provide full valet parking and front door services for eligible beneficiaries, authorized personnel and visitors at VA Long Beach Healthcare System (VALBHS) located at 5901 East 7th Street, Long Beach, CA 90822-5201. The Contractor shall provide the appropriate number of employees to provide consistent, responsive, secure and efficient valet parking services. The Contractor shall make logistical and staffing adjustments as necessary in accordance with the daily parking needs of VA Long Beach Healthcare System. The Contractor is responsible for allocating Staff in order to meet workload demands. The Contractor shall staff the valet parking operation with an appropriate number of employees as necessary, ensuring an efficient and safe operation. Any increase in the number of valet parking personnel necessary to meet the seven (7) minute requirement shall be provided at no additional cost to the Government. An efficient operation is defined as: No vehicle waits more than seven (7) minutes to be valet-parked, nor more than seven (7) minutes to be retrieved. The seven (7) minute period begins for the parking as soon as the vehicle queues itself into the valet staging area. Performance is complete when the vehicle has been processed and driven out of the queue area by the Contractor. The seven (7) minute retrieval period begins as soon as the patient queues themselves into the retrieval line and is complete as soon the patient is presented with their idling vehicle. A Valet Attendant shall be stationed at the valet booth during normal operations and shall not be included in the valet attendant staff for parking vehicles. The valet parking booth shall be manned at all times. The Contractor shall provide the valet booth. Contractor Personnel: Contractor personnel shall be courteous and always conduct themselves in a businesslike manner while providing services under this contract. Drivers: Services shall be provided by a qualified driver, licensed in accordance with applicable state, city, and local regulations. Each driver shall possess a driver s license that is valid for the class of vehicle driven. Be at least 18 years of age and have not less than one year of experience as a licensed driver; and For the past three years: Have not had a driver s license canceled or suspended. Have a driving record clear of convictions for operating a motor vehicle or motorcycle without insurance. Have a driving record clear of convictions for driving a motor vehicle without a valid current license for the class of vehicle driven Have a driving and criminal record clear of convictions for driving under the influence of alcohol or a controlled substance. Drivers shall be presentable, well-groomed and look professional. Drivers shall wear company uniform. The Contractor shall be responsible for furnishing all uniforms, nametags and/or badges for performance of valet services under this contract. Employee identifications shall be worn in clear view above the waist. The contractor personnel shall not play loud music originating from any device while performing valet services. Investigative Requirements for Contract Personnel: Contract personnel will be subject to the same investigative requirements as those for regular VA appointees and employees. The level of investigation commensurate with the level of access to perform the performance work statement is: Special Agreement Checks (SAC). Fingerprinting for contract personnel will be conducted at VALBHCS. The VA Security and Investigation Center (SIC) is responsible for adjudicating all background investigations for contract employees. Contractor personnel may be required to wear Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) when required. The contractor and its personnel shall follow all VA regulations and VHA Center for Engineering and Occupational Safety & Health Regulations. Valet Parking Service Hours: The Contractor shall provide valet parking services as follows: Regular service shall be provided Monday through Friday from 6:00 A.M. to 12:30 A.M. The hours between 06:00 P.M. and 12:30 A.M. are primarily reserved in support of the Emergency Department. Any remaining keys that remain after normal working hours and in the custody of the Contractor at 7:00 P.M. will be turned over to the VALB Administrative Officer of the Day. Contractor shall ensure sufficient staff during Peak traffic hours which are generally 9:00 A.M. to 2:00 P.M. with Tuesday through Thursday being the busiest day for patient visits. National Holidays: The following holidays are observed by the Federal Government. The Contractor is not required to provide services on the following National Holidays, nor shall the Contractor be paid for these holidays. If a Federal Holiday falls on a Saturday, the immediately preceding Friday will be observed as the holiday, if a Federal Holiday falls on a Sunday the immediately succeeding Monday will be observed as the holiday. In addition to those holidays listed below, on occasion there may be other holidays declared by Executive Order: New Year s Day Labor Day Martin Luther King Jr. s Birthday Columbus Day President s Day Veteran s Day Memorial Day Thanksgiving Day Juneteenth Christmas Day Independence Day Conformity To Regulations: The contractor and his/her operators shall conform to all Federal, State, and local regulations governing the performance of contracted services. VAMC facilities have been designated NO SMOKING areas in their entirety. Violators will be ticketed by VA Police and may be subject to a $50.00 federal citation for disregarding posted safety rules and regulations. Furthermore, the contractor may be directed to stop work. The contractor is to notify all of his/her employees and/or sub-contractors of this strict enforcement policy. Security Requirements: The Contractor will not have access to patient records, data or VA computer systems. Contractor Personnel Security Requirements: All contractor employees who require access to the Department of Veterans Affair's computer systems or who come into contact with veteran/beneficiaries shall be the subject of a background investigation and must receive a favorable adjudication from the VA Office of Security and Law Enforcement before contract performance. This requirement is applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. If the investigation is not completed before the start date of the contract, the contractor will be responsible for the actions of those individuals they provide to perform work for the VA. Position Sensitivity - The position sensitivity for this contract has been designated as LOW RISK. Background Investigation - The level of background investigation commensurate with the required level of access for this contract is National Agency Check with Written Inquiries. Contractor Responsibilities: The contractor shall pre-screen all personnel requiring VA access to ensure they maintain a U.S. citizenship and are able to read, write, speak, and understand the English language. The contractor shall submit or have their employees submit the following required forms requested by Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of Security and Law Enforcement, Security and Investigations Center, 2200 Fort Roots Drive Bldg. 104, North Little Rock, AR 72114 within 30 days of receipt: All documents completed and submitted at the following website: http://www.va.gov/SECURITYINVESTIGATIONSCENTER/ The contractor, when notified of an unfavorable determination by the Government, shall withdraw the employee from consideration from working under the contract. Failure to comply with the contractor personnel security requirements may result in termination of the contract or cause. Place of Performance: LBVAHCS Campus located at the Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center, VA Long Beach Healthcare System, 5901E 7th ST Long Beach CA 90822. Estimated Period of Performance: 6/01/2026 05/31/2031. Insurance: Satisfactory insurance coverage is a condition precedent to award of this contract. The Contractor must present satisfactory evidence of full compliance with State and local requirements, or those below stipulated, whichever are the greater. Workers' compensation and employer's liability coverage will conform to applicable State law requirements for the services provided by this contract. General liability and comprehensive automobile liability will conform to applicable State law requirements for the services provided by this contract, or in the absence of higher statutory minimums, be required in the amounts per vehicle used of not less than $200,000 per person and $500,000 per occurrence for bodily injury and $20,000 per occurrence for property damage. Evidence of Coverage: The contractor shall furnish the Contracting Officer with a certification from his/her insurance company indicating that the coverage outlined in this contract has been obtained and that it may not be changed or canceled during the term of the contract. PRICE/COST SCHEDULE - ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT BASE Year Estimated POP: 06/01/2026 05/31/2027 0001 12 MO __________________ __________________ VALB Shuttle and Valet Services: The Contractor shall provide Shuttle and Valet Services in accordance with the performance work statement (PWS). Price per month. Option Year 1 - Estimated POP: 06/01/2027 05/31/2028 1001 12 MO __________________ __________________ VALB Shuttle and Valet Services: The Contractor shall provide Shuttle and Valet Services in accordance with the performance work statement (PWS). Price per month. Option Year 2 - Estimated POP: 06/01/2028 05/31/2029 2001 12 MO __________________ __________________ VALB Shuttle and Valet Services: The Contractor shall provide Shuttle and Valet Services in accordance with the performance work statement (PWS). Price per month. Option Year 3 - Estimated POP: 06/01/2029 05/31/2030 3001 12 MO __________________ __________________ VALB Shuttle and Valet Services: The Contractor shall provide Shuttle and Valet Services in accordance with the performance work statement (PWS). Price per month. Option Year 4 - Estimated POP: 06/01/2030 05/31/2031 4001 12 MO __________________ __________________ VALB Shuttle and Valet Services: The Contractor shall provide Shuttle and Valet Services in accordance with the performance work statement (PWS). Price per month. GRAND TOTAL __________________ ATTACHMENT EXAMPLE OF SIGN

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Katharine Robert
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: katharine.robert@va.gov
  - Phone: 5200016670

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: OF SIGN. The contractor is responsible for repairing damages incurred during the performance of this contract to include the removal and installation or moving materials and tools in and out of work areas. Vehicles: The VA reserves the right to inspect the contractor s equipment and vehicles or require documentation of compliance with state laws, rules, and regulations. VA inspections of contractor equipment do not constitute a warranty or guarantee that the contractor s vehicles and equipment are properly maintained. The VA reserves the right to restrict the contractor s use of equipment and vehicles in the performance of this contract that are not in compliance with contract requirements. The restriction of such equipment and vehicles shall not relieve the contractor from performance IAW the contract nor necessitate additional cost to the VA. All vehicles shall be clean and maintained in good repair IAW the manufacturer s instructions. Interiors and exteriors of each vehicle shall be well maintained and present a respectable appearance. Any vehicle involved in an accident, no matter how insignificant, shall be taken out of operation until the Contractor has provided written documentation to VALBHCS that the vehicle has been repaired and is in good working order. Valet Scope/Requirements: Valet service will consist of the following: The Contractor shall provide all labor supplies, materials, transportation, supervision, support vehicles, and other non-personnel services required to provide full valet parking and front door services for eligible beneficiaries, authorized personnel and visitors at VA Long Beach Healthcare System (VALBHS) located at 5901 East 7th Street, Long Beach, CA 90822-5201. The Contractor shall provide the appropriate number of employees to provide consistent, responsive, secure and efficient valet parking services. The Contractor shall make logistical and staffing adjustments as necessary in accordance with the daily parking needs of VA Long Beach Healthcare System. The Contractor is responsible for allocating Staff in order to meet workload demands. The Contractor shall staff the valet parking operation with an appropriate number of employees as necessary, ensuring an efficient and safe operation. Any increase in the number of valet parking personnel necessary to meet the seven (7) minute requirement shall be provided at no additional cost to the Government. An efficient operation is defined as: No vehicle waits more than seven (7) minutes to be valet-parked, nor more than seven (7) minutes to be retrieved. The seven (7) minute period begins for the parking as soon as the vehicle queues itself into the valet staging area. Performance is complete when the vehicle has been processed and driven out of the queue area by the Contractor. The seven (7) minute retrieval period begins as soon as the patient queues themselves into the retrieval line and is complete as soon the patient is presented with their idling vehicle. A Valet Attendant shall be stationed at the valet booth during normal operations and shall not be included in the valet attendant staff for parking vehicles. The valet parking booth shall be manned at all times. The Contractor shall provide the valet booth. Contractor Personnel: Contractor personnel shall be courteous and always conduct themselves in a businesslike manner while providing services under this contract. Drivers: Services shall be provided by a qualified driver, licensed in accordance with applicable state, city, and local regulations. Each driver shall possess a driver s license that is valid for the class of vehicle driven. Be at least 18 years of age and have not less than one year of experience as a licensed driver; and For the past three years: Have not had a driver s license canceled or suspended. Have a driving record clear of convictions for operating a motor vehicle or motorcycle without insurance. Have a driving record clear of convictions for driving a motor vehicle without a valid current license for the class of vehicle driven Have a driving and criminal record clear of convictions for driving under the influence of alcohol or a controlled substance. Drivers shall be presentable, well-groomed and look professional. Drivers shall wear company uniform. The Contractor shall be responsible for furnishing all uniforms, nametags and/or badges for performance of valet services under this contract. Employee identifications shall be worn in clear view above the waist. The contractor personnel shall not play loud music originating from any device while performing valet services. Investigative Requirements for Contract Personnel: Contract personnel will be subject to the same investigative requirements as those for regular VA appointees and employees. The level of investigation commensurate with the level of access to perform the performance work statement is: Special Agreement Checks (SAC). Fingerprinting for contract personnel will be conducted at VALBHCS. The VA Security and Investigation Center (SIC) is responsible for adjudicating all background investigations for contract employees. Contractor personnel may be required to wear Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) when required. The contractor and its personnel shall follow all VA regulations and VHA Center for Engineering and Occupational Safety & Health Regulations. Valet Parking Service Hours: The Contractor shall provide valet parking services as follows: Regular service shall be provided Monday through Friday from 6:00 A.M. to 12:30 A.M. The hours between 06:00 P.M. and 12:30 A.M. are primarily reserved in support of the Emergency Department. Any remaining keys that remain after normal working hours and in the custody of the Contractor at 7:00 P.M. will be turned over to the VALB Administrative Officer of the Day. Contractor shall ensure sufficient staff during Peak traffic hours which are generally 9:00 A.M. to 2:00 P.M. with Tuesday through Thursday being the busiest day for patient visits. National Holidays: The following holidays are observed by the Federal Government. The Contractor is not required to provide services on the following National Holidays, nor shall the Contractor be paid for these holidays. If a Federal Holiday falls on a Saturday, the immediately preceding Friday will be observed as the holiday, if a Federal Holiday falls on a Sunday the immediately succeeding Monday will be observed as the holiday. In addition to those holidays listed below, on occasion there may be other holidays declared by Executive Order: New Year s Day Labor Day Martin Luther King Jr. s Birthday Columbus Day President s Day Veteran s Day Memorial Day Thanksgiving Day Juneteenth Christmas Day Independence Day Conformity To Regulations: The contractor and his/her operators shall conform to all Federal, State, and local regulations governing the performance of contracted services. VAMC facilities have been designated NO SMOKING areas in their entirety. Violators will be ticketed by VA Police and may be subject to a $50.00 federal citation for disregarding posted safety rules and regulations. Furthermore, the contractor may be directed to stop work. The contractor is to notify all of his/her employees and/or sub-contractors of this strict enforcement policy. Security Requirements: The Contractor will not have access to patient records, data or VA computer systems. Contractor Personnel Security Requirements: All contractor employees who require access to the Department of Veterans Affair"s computer systems or who come into contact with veteran/beneficiaries shall be the subject of a background investigation and must receive a favorable adjudication from the VA Office of Security and Law Enforcement before contract performance. This requirement is applicable to all subcontractor personnel requiring the same access. If the investigation is not completed before the start date of the contract, the contractor will be responsible for the actions of those individuals they provide to perform work for the VA. Position Sensitivity - The position sensitivity for this contract has been designated as LOW RISK. Background Investigation - The level of background investigation commensurate with the required level of access for this contract is National Agency Check with Written Inquiries. Contractor Responsibilities: The contractor shall pre-screen all personnel requiring VA access to ensure they maintain a U.S. citizenship and are able to read, write, speak, and understand the English language. The contractor shall submit or have their employees submit the following required forms requested by Department of Veterans Affairs, Office of Security and Law Enforcement, Security and Investigations Center, 2200 Fort Roots Drive Bldg. 104, North Little Rock, AR 72114 within 30 days of receipt: All documents completed and submitted at the following website: http://www.va.gov/SECURITYINVESTIGATIONSCENTER/ The contractor, when notified of an unfavorable determination by the Government, shall withdraw the employee from consideration from working under the contract. Failure to comply with the contractor personnel security requirements may result in termination of the contract or cause. Place of Performance: LBVAHCS Campus located at the Tibor Rubin VA Medical Center, VA Long Beach Healthcare System, 5901E 7th ST Long Beach CA 90822. Estimated Period of Performance: 6/01/2026 05/31/2031. Insurance: Satisfactory insurance coverage is a condition precedent to award of this contract. The Contractor must present satisfactory evidence of full compliance with State and local requirements, or those below stipulated, whichever are the greater. Workers" compensation and employer"s liability coverage will conform to applicable State law requirements for the services provided by this contract. General liability and comprehensive automobile liability will conform to applicable State law requirements for the services provided by this contract, or in the absence of higher statutory minimums, be required in the amounts per vehicle used of not less than $200,000 per person and $500,000 per occurrence for bodily injury and $20,000 per occurrence for property damage. Evidence of Coverage: The contractor shall furnish the Contracting Officer with a certification from his/her insurance company indicating that the coverage outlined in this contract has been obtained and that it may not be changed or canceled during the term of the contract. PRICE/COST SCHEDULE - ITEM INFORMATION ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT BASE Year Estimated POP: 06/01/2026 05/31/2027 0001 12 MO __________________ __________________ VALB Shuttle and Valet Services: The Contractor shall provide Shuttle and Valet Services in accordance with the performance work statement (PWS). Price per month. Option Year 1 - Estimated POP: 06/01/2027 05/31/2028 1001 12 MO __________________ __________________ VALB Shuttle and Valet Services: The Contractor shall provide Shuttle and Valet Services in accordance with the performance work statement (PWS). Price per month. Option Year 2 - Estimated POP: 06/01/2028 05/31/2029 2001 12 MO __________________ __________________ VALB Shuttle and Valet Services: The Contractor shall provide Shuttle and Valet Services in accordance with the performance work statement (PWS). Price per month. Option Year 3 - Estimated POP: 06/01/2029 05/31/2030 3001 12 MO __________________ __________________ VALB Shuttle and Valet Services: The Contractor shall provide Shuttle and Valet Services in accordance with the performance work statement (PWS). Price per month. Option Year 4 - Estimated POP: 06/01/2030 05/31/2031 4001 12 MO __________________ __________________ VALB Shuttle and Valet Services: The Contractor shall provide Shuttle and Valet Services in accordance with the performance work statement (PWS). Price per month. GRAND TOTAL __________________ ATTACHMENT EXAMPLE OF SIGN

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d57b8c3bb8b143ca967d525ac28c2698/view)