---
layout: default
title: Q301--Lab Anatomical Service for Fort Harrison Montana
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 9f78aa1eb5a344039034b7dbda60d475
---

# Q301--Lab Anatomical Service for Fort Harrison Montana

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-13 11:44:16.852-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C25926Q0242
- Awardee: null

## Summary

RFQ Amendment 36C25926Q0242 0001 Quotes are to be provided to Kadarius.Griffin@va.gov and Lindsey.Zwaagstra@va.gov no later than 10:00am CST, March 20, 2026. RFQ Amendment 36C25926Q0242 0001 hereby incorporates the following changes: VA Handbook

6500.6 Appendix B and C have been revised and inserted into the attached Statement of Work. VA Handbook

6500.6 Appendix D has been added as an attachment to this solicitation. Volume III Past Performance, 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL has been updated. Factor III. Past Performance, 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS has been updated. S02 Past Performance Questionnaire has been added as an attachment with this solicitation. Responses to questions received are as follows: The Quantity provided in the List of Line Items I would like to confirm that these are the total 5-year volume and not an annual volume.Â Answer: Yes, five-year estimated volume. We are required to separate out Technical and Professional Component charges in our offer - Is there an estimated breakdown for how many of these tests will be Answer: Technical only requests compared to Technical and Professional (Global) requests: Technical: specimen preparation, fixing, staining, cutting, cover slipping. (may bill as CPT 88305) Professional consult services. (pathologists interpretation) CPT 88321 and 88323. The SOW states that the contractor is needed to cover duties when the primary technician is unavailable. Can we get an estimate of how many days a year we will be requested to provide services. Answer: up to 5 weeks and 2 days, with the possibility of more if technician is sick or leaves the VA. e.g. Line Item 0008 has a quantity of 3080 Will this be spread out over for example100 days of time off to give 30 specimens every day of coverage, or will it be every day of the year to give only 2-3 specimens a day. Answer: It will not be everyday a year. Should the Unit Prices in the offer include shipping charges for the specimens or will there be a separate manner in which shipping will be reimbursed / compensated? Answer: Unit prices should include shipping charges. Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice, (v) List of Line Items) - Who is the current performing laboratory for the line items listed? Answer: VA lab Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice, (v) List of Line Items Can Offerors add columns to this template to include additional information such as Offeror s test codes, test descriptions, etc.? If not, can Offerors provide pricing and additional information in a separate file? Answer: Additional columns can be added, or separate files can be provided. Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice, (v) List of Line Items Is it acceptable for Offerors to indicate No Match if they do not offer a specific line item? Are Offerors allowed to provide recommended alternatives if available? Answer: No match is acceptable if contractor does not offer specific line item. Is MTVAMC looking for TC and PC work to be performed by the awarded laboratory for all services or only a specific subset of items? If only a specific subset, please clarify which items will require TC and PC. What are you referring to for TC and PC? Answer: As written in the SOW contractor services are needed to handle the fixation, embedding, staining, cutting, and cover slipping of specimens to prepare tissue slides for the pathologist's final diagnosis. Additionally, contractor services must include access to a licensed consulting pathologist for the processing and interpretation of surgical and cytological specimens, as required. Pathologist services would be billed as professional and Technical would be services provide by technician, the prepping, embedding, staining, cutting, cover slipping SOW,

1.0 Does MTVAMC have an onsite pathologist? Yes, Does MTVAMC want grossing or blocks to process? Answer: Yes, MTVAMC currently lacks an additional Histopathology Technician to cover duties when the primary technician is unavailable. SOW, 5.0, C(j) Can MTVAMC please clarify how patient history will be provided? (History will be given with specimen, J explains Is the expectation that MTVAMC provide the awarded laboratory with this information and then the lab includes this information on the report back to MTVAMC? Answer: History will be given with specimen. Please refer to Section J SOW, 8.0, B (e) (ii) Is a signed-out report sufficient for notification? Please clarify what you mean by P Codes ? Answer:Â P codes= (CPT codes) SOW, 8.0, B(b)(iii) Can MTVAMC please define new requirements for mandatory education and/or competency reassessment and share what the VA established timeframes are? Answer: This means that the reference lab maintains mandatory education and competency assessment of their employees that follow accreditation standards of their employees that perform the testing. SOW, 5.0(c)(i) Please clarify who GJVAMC is. Answer: GJ should be MT, transcription error, now corrected. SOW, VA Information and Information System Security Section 1. Liquidated Damages for Data Breach (b) There does not appear to be a Security Incident Investigation section above as indicated. Can MTVAMC please share this section with Offerors? Answer: Inserted Appendix B and C into Statement of work, and attached Appendix D to solicitation. Â SOW, 2. Training (d)(1) Can MTVAMC please provide Appendix E Contractor Rules of Behavior to Offerors? Answer: VA Handbook now attached, please reference Appendix D. SOW, 2. Training (b) Please clarify who would be considered an applicable employee . question) Answer: Any employee requiring access to VA information and VA systems Lab Anatomical Pathology Services This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation. * The deadline for all questions is 10:00am CST March 4, 2026. All questions must be submitted in writing no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. * Quotes are to be provided to kadarius.griffin@va.gov and Lindsey.Zwaagstra@va.gov no later than 10:00am CST, March 20th, 2026. Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make the award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C25926Q0242. The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06 effective October 01, 2025. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 621511 Medical Laboratories with a business size standard of $41.5 Million. This solicitation is unrestricted. List of Line Items; Line Items Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price ($) Total Price ($) 0001 Base Ordering Period 88321 Basic consultation slides. Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 140 5-YR 0002 Base Ordering Period 88323 Basic Consultation Blocks Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 140 5-YR 0003 Base Ordering Period 88312 Acid fast/ gram/fungus/pas Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 20 5-YR 0004 Base Ordering Period 88313 Congo Red/GMS Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 20 5-YR 0005 Base Ordering Period 88300 Surgical Path Level I Gross Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 40 5-YR 0006 Base Ordering Period 88302 Surgical Path Level II Gross Micro Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 200 5-YR 0007 Base Ordering Period 88304 Surgical Path Level III Gross Mircro Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 360 5-YR 0008 Base Ordering Period 88305 Surgical Path Level IV Gross Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 3080 5-YR 0009 Base Year Ordering Period 88307 Surgical Path Level V Gross Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 40 5-YR 0010 Base Year Ordering Period 88309 Surgical Path Level VI Gross Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 40 5-YR 0011 Base Year Ordering Period 88312 Special Stains Group 1 Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 10 5-YR 0012 Base Year Ordering Period 88313 Special Stains Group 2 Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 10 5-YR 0013 Base Year Ordering Period 88342 immunohistochemistry + immunoperoxidase stain Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 15 5-YR 0014 Base Year Ordering Period 89060 Crystal Identification by light microscopy Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 10 5-YR 0015 Base Year Ordering Period 88173 Eval of FNA; interpretation & report Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 5 5-YR 0016 Base Year Ordering Period 88311 Decalcification Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 25 5-YR Total Price Description of Requirements for the items/Services to be acquired: The requirement is for Anatomical pathological services, please reference attached Statement of Work (SOW). Delivery and acceptance are to be F.O.B Destination (RFO 52.247-34) at Fort Harrison VA Medical Center 3687 Veterans Drive Fort Harrison MT 59636. 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement; (II) Price; (III) Past Performance. Volume I - Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets the requirements of the Statement of Work (SOW) and solicitation. Volume II Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (v) above: Price/Cost Schedule. The offeror shall price all line items. Volume III Past Performance Offeror must provide up to two recent and relevant past performance references attesting to contract performance (including contract numbers, amount of contract award, point of contact with email address, telephone numbers and other relevant information, and a description of product/work performed under the contract and how well they performed).Â Relevant past performance is defined as present/past performance effort involved similar scope and magnitude of effort and complexities this solicitation requires. Annual amount is used to determine similar scope and magnitude. Recent past performance is defined as performance completed within the last three years or currently in progress. Past performance must include a description of the following: 1.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Name of offeror being reviewed 2.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Name of company completing review. 3.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Description of services performed 4.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Performance dates 5.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Total contract value 6.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Addresses 7.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Contract numbers 8.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Performance Rating Offeror shall provide completed Past Performance Questionnaires (PPQ) from prior contracts and it shall be signed by point of contact that oversaw performance or equal representative. See attachment S02 Past Performance Questionnaire. Submissions of the PPQ can be sent directly to the Government POCs, kadarius.griffin@va.gov and Lindsey.Zwaagstra@va.govÂ from the offeror as part of proposal submission or directly from third party by the proposal deadline. . (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement Factor II. Price Factor III. Past Performance Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Factor II. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1, shall not be selected regardless of price. Factor III. Past Performance: The Offeror shall be evaluated on relevant/recent performance of past contracts and how well the offerors identified performance relates to the work being procured under the Performance Work Statement for this procurement. The following will be used to assess past performance. Relevant past performance is defined as present/past performance effort involved similar scope and magnitude of effort and complexities this solicitation requires. Annual amount is used to determine similar scope and magnitude. Recent past performance is defined as performance completed within the last three years or currently in progress. The second aspect of the past performance evaluation is to determine how well the contractor performed on the contracts. The past performance evaluation performed in support of this evaluation does not establish, create, or change the existing record and history of the offeror's past performance on past contracts; rather, the past performance evaluation process gathers information from customers on how well the offeror performed those past contracts. The Evaluation Team will review this past performance information and determine the quality and usefulness as it applies to a performance confidence evaluation. In the case of an offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available, the offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. The Government may use other methods to evaluate past performance, including but not limited to review of CPARS. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance X 52.204-91 Contractor identification X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations X 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns. X 52.222-3 Convict Labor X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans. X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. X 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans X 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards X 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits _____________ __________________________ _____________ __________________________ X 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) X 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons. X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification X 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services X 52.224-3 Privacy Training X 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving. X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors. X 52.233-3 Protest After Award X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions X 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 60 days. 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.204-70 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel VAAR 852.204-71 Information and Information Systems Security VAAR 852.208-70 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors - Orders or BPAs VAAR 852.208-71 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factor Commitments - Orders and BPAs VAAR 852.211-76 Liquidated Damages - Reimbursement for Data Breach Costs VAAR 852.219-70 VA Small Business Subcontracting Plan Minimum Requirements VAAR 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899. (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.209-70 Organizational Conflicts of Interest VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title X 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration X 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to kadarius.griffin@va.gov and Lindsey.Zwaagstra@va.gov by 10:00am CST, March 20, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Kadarius Griffin Kadarius.griffin@va.gov NCO19Lab@va.gov

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kadarius Griffin
  - Title: Contracting Specialist
  - Email: Kadarius.Griffin@va.gov
  - Phone: 405-456-5851

## Attachments

**Total: 3 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: and C have been revised and inserted into the attached Statement of Work. VA Handbook
- Attachment 2: has been added as an attachment to this solicitation. Volume III Past Performance, 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL has been updated. Factor III. Past Performance, 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS has been updated. S02 Past Performance Questionnaire has been added as an attachment with this solicitation. Responses to questions received are as follows: The Quantity provided in the List of Line Items I would like to confirm that these are the total 5-year volume and not an annual volume.Â Answer: Yes, five-year estimated volume. We are required to separate out Technical and Professional Component charges in our offer - Is there an estimated breakdown for how many of these tests will be Answer: Technical only requests compared to Technical and Professional (Global) requests: Technical: specimen preparation, fixing, staining, cutting, cover slipping. (may bill as CPT 88305) Professional consult services. (pathologists interpretation) CPT 88321 and 88323. The SOW states that the contractor is needed to cover duties when the primary technician is unavailable. Can we get an estimate of how many days a year we will be requested to provide services. Answer: up to 5 weeks and 2 days, with the possibility of more if technician is sick or leaves the VA. e.g. Line Item 0008 has a quantity of 3080 Will this be spread out over for example100 days of time off to give 30 specimens every day of coverage, or will it be every day of the year to give only 2-3 specimens a day. Answer: It will not be everyday a year. Should the Unit Prices in the offer include shipping charges for the specimens or will there be a separate manner in which shipping will be reimbursed / compensated? Answer: Unit prices should include shipping charges. Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice, (v) List of Line Items) - Who is the current performing laboratory for the line items listed? Answer: VA lab Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice, (v) List of Line Items Can Offerors add columns to this template to include additional information such as Offeror s test codes, test descriptions, etc.? If not, can Offerors provide pricing and additional information in a separate file? Answer: Additional columns can be added, or separate files can be provided. Combined Synopsis/Solicitation Notice, (v) List of Line Items Is it acceptable for Offerors to indicate No Match if they do not offer a specific line item? Are Offerors allowed to provide recommended alternatives if available? Answer: No match is acceptable if contractor does not offer specific line item. Is MTVAMC looking for TC and PC work to be performed by the awarded laboratory for all services or only a specific subset of items? If only a specific subset, please clarify which items will require TC and PC. What are you referring to for TC and PC? Answer: As written in the SOW contractor services are needed to handle the fixation, embedding, staining, cutting, and cover slipping of specimens to prepare tissue slides for the pathologist"s final diagnosis. Additionally, contractor services must include access to a licensed consulting pathologist for the processing and interpretation of surgical and cytological specimens, as required. Pathologist services would be billed as professional and Technical would be services provide by technician, the prepping, embedding, staining, cutting, cover slipping SOW
- Attachment 3: and C into Statement of work, and attached Appendix D to solicitation. Â SOW, 2. Training (d)(1) Can MTVAMC please provide Appendix E Contractor Rules of Behavior to Offerors? Answer: VA Handbook now attached, please reference Appendix D. SOW, 2. Training (b) Please clarify who would be considered an applicable employee . question) Answer: Any employee requiring access to VA information and VA systems Lab Anatomical Pathology Services This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with Revolutionary FAR Overhaul (RFO) Part 12. This announcement constitutes only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. The Government reserves the right to make no award from this solicitation. * The deadline for all questions is 10:00am CST March 4, 2026. All questions must be submitted in writing no later than the question cut-off date marked above. All questions will be answered officially through an amendment to the solicitation. * Quotes are to be provided to kadarius.griffin@va.gov and Lindsey.Zwaagstra@va.gov no later than 10:00am CST, March 20th, 2026. Quotes shall not be hand carried. Faxed quotes shall not be accepted. Emailed quotes are the only method of submitted quotes (4MB email limit). The Government reserves the right to make the award solely on initial Quotes received. Offerors bear the burden of ensuring that all portions of the offer (and any authorized amendments) reach the designated office before the deadline specified in the solicitation. This RFQ shall be completed in its entirety, and signed and dated, failure shall not be considered for award. This is a Request for Quote (RFQ), and the solicitation number is 36C25926Q0242. The government anticipates awarding a firm-fixed price contract resulting from this solicitation. This solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular (FAC) 2025-06 effective October 01, 2025. The North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 621511 Medical Laboratories with a business size standard of $41.5 Million. This solicitation is unrestricted. List of Line Items; Line Items Description Quantity Unit of Measure Unit Price ($) Total Price ($) 0001 Base Ordering Period 88321 Basic consultation slides. Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 140 5-YR 0002 Base Ordering Period 88323 Basic Consultation Blocks Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 140 5-YR 0003 Base Ordering Period 88312 Acid fast/ gram/fungus/pas Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 20 5-YR 0004 Base Ordering Period 88313 Congo Red/GMS Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 20 5-YR 0005 Base Ordering Period 88300 Surgical Path Level I Gross Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 40 5-YR 0006 Base Ordering Period 88302 Surgical Path Level II Gross Micro Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 200 5-YR 0007 Base Ordering Period 88304 Surgical Path Level III Gross Mircro Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 360 5-YR 0008 Base Ordering Period 88305 Surgical Path Level IV Gross Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 3080 5-YR 0009 Base Year Ordering Period 88307 Surgical Path Level V Gross Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 40 5-YR 0010 Base Year Ordering Period 88309 Surgical Path Level VI Gross Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 40 5-YR 0011 Base Year Ordering Period 88312 Special Stains Group 1 Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 10 5-YR 0012 Base Year Ordering Period 88313 Special Stains Group 2 Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 10 5-YR 0013 Base Year Ordering Period 88342 immunohistochemistry + immunoperoxidase stain Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 15 5-YR 0014 Base Year Ordering Period 89060 Crystal Identification by light microscopy Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 10 5-YR 0015 Base Year Ordering Period 88173 Eval of FNA; interpretation & report Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 5 5-YR 0016 Base Year Ordering Period 88311 Decalcification Fort Harrison VAMC Period of Performance: 07/01/2026-06/30/2031 25 5-YR Total Price Description of Requirements for the items/Services to be acquired: The requirement is for Anatomical pathological services, please reference attached Statement of Work (SOW). Delivery and acceptance are to be F.O.B Destination (RFO 52.247-34) at Fort Harrison VA Medical Center 3687 Veterans Drive Fort Harrison MT 59636. 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors-Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any award made as a result of this solicitation will be made on an All or Nothing Basis. State if quoted items are available and priced through offerors existing Government-wide Acquisition Contract (GWAC), GSA Multiple Award Schedule (MAS) contract, or VA-wide Acquisition Contract. Offerors are warned against contacting any VA personnel other than the Contracting Officer and Contract Specialist prior to placement of any award made resulting from this RFQ. If such contact occurs and found to be prejudicial to competing contactors, the offeror making such contact may be excluded from award considerations. All proprietary information shall be clearly and properly marked. If the Offeror submits annexes, documentation, attachments or the like, not specifically required by this solicitation, such will count against the Offeror s page limitations unless otherwise indicated in the specific volume instructions below. All information shall be confined to the appropriate file. The offeror shall confine submissions to essential matters, sufficient to define the quote and provide an adequate basis for evaluation. Offerors are responsible for including sufficient details, in a concise manner, to permit a complete and accurate evaluation of each quote. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-1 INSTRUCTIONS TO OFFERORS COMMERCIAL Submission of quote shall include the following volumes: (I) Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement; (II) Price; (III) Past Performance. Volume I - Technical capability or quality to meet the Government requirement. The offeror shall submit its quote demonstrating how it meets the requirements of the Statement of Work (SOW) and solicitation. Volume II Price Price - The offeror shall complete the pricing schedule provided in Section (v) above: Price/Cost Schedule. The offeror shall price all line items. Volume III Past Performance Offeror must provide up to two recent and relevant past performance references attesting to contract performance (including contract numbers, amount of contract award, point of contact with email address, telephone numbers and other relevant information, and a description of product/work performed under the contract and how well they performed).Â Relevant past performance is defined as present/past performance effort involved similar scope and magnitude of effort and complexities this solicitation requires. Annual amount is used to determine similar scope and magnitude. Recent past performance is defined as performance completed within the last three years or currently in progress. Past performance must include a description of the following: 1.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Name of offeror being reviewed 2.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Name of company completing review. 3.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Description of services performed 4.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Performance dates 5.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Total contract value 6.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Addresses 7.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Contract numbers 8.Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Performance Rating Offeror shall provide completed Past Performance Questionnaires (PPQ) from prior contracts and it shall be signed by point of contact that oversaw performance or equal representative. See attachment S02 Past Performance Questionnaire. Submissions of the PPQ can be sent directly to the Government POCs, kadarius.griffin@va.gov and Lindsey.Zwaagstra@va.govÂ from the offeror as part of proposal submission or directly from third party by the proposal deadline. . (End of Addendum to 52.212-1) 52.212-2, Evaluation--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition. ADDENDUM to RFO 52.212-2 EVALUATION COMMERCIAL ITEMS: The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the offeror responsible whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government considering price and other factors. The following factors shall be used to evaluate quotations: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement Factor II. Price Factor III. Past Performance Evaluation Approach. The Government will award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible Offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation will be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The Government will use comparative analysis. The following factors will be used to evaluate offers: Factor I. Technical capability or quality offered to meet the Government requirement: The quotation will be evaluated to the extent to which it can meet and/or exceed the Government s requirements as outlined in the solicitation and based on the information requested in the instructions to quoters section of the solicitation. Factor II. Price: The Government will evaluate the price by adding the total of all line-item prices. The Government may use various price analysis techniques and procedures to make price reasonableness determination. Offers that do not meet or exceed the technical capability or quality of the service offered to the Government requirement, as stated in Factor 1, shall not be selected regardless of price. Factor III. Past Performance: The Offeror shall be evaluated on relevant/recent performance of past contracts and how well the offerors identified performance relates to the work being procured under the Performance Work Statement for this procurement. The following will be used to assess past performance. Relevant past performance is defined as present/past performance effort involved similar scope and magnitude of effort and complexities this solicitation requires. Annual amount is used to determine similar scope and magnitude. Recent past performance is defined as performance completed within the last three years or currently in progress. The second aspect of the past performance evaluation is to determine how well the contractor performed on the contracts. The past performance evaluation performed in support of this evaluation does not establish, create, or change the existing record and history of the offeror"s past performance on past contracts; rather, the past performance evaluation process gathers information from customers on how well the offeror performed those past contracts. The Evaluation Team will review this past performance information and determine the quality and usefulness as it applies to a performance confidence evaluation. In the case of an offeror without a record of relevant past performance or for whom information on past performance is not available, the offeror may not be evaluated favorably or unfavorably on past performance. The Government may use other methods to evaluate past performance, including but not limited to review of CPARS. (End of Addendum to 52.212-2) 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions--Commercial Items applies to this acquisition Any inconsistencies in this solicitation or contract shall be resolved by giving precedence IAW 52.212-4(r). By submitting a quote, the offeror understands that quotes will not be referenced in 1449 and clauses incorporated in the solicitation will dictate the contract. All offerors shall comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws, executive orders, rules and regulations applicable to its performance under the contract IAW RFO 52.212-4(q). The Government reserves the right to deny requests for clause changes that are not included in this solicitation should the request be inconsistent with the RFO or VAAR. The following RFO clauses are incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title X 52.203-17 Contractor Employee Whistleblower Rights X 52.203-19 Prohibition on Requiring Certain Internal Confidentiality X 52.204-9 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel X 52.204-13 System for Award Management Maintenance X 52.204-91 Contractor identification X 52.209-10 Prohibition on Contracting with Inverted Domestic Corporations X 52.219-4 Notice of Price Evaluation Preference for HUBZone Small Business Concerns. X 52.222-3 Convict Labor X 52.222-35 Equal Opportunity for Veterans. X 52.222-36 Equal Opportunity for Workers with Disabilities. X 52.222-37 Employment Reports on Veterans X 52.222-41 Service Contract Labor Standards X 52.222-42 Statement of Equivalent Rates for Federal Hires Employee Class Monetary Wage-Fringe Benefits _____________ __________________________ _____________ __________________________ X 52.222-43 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment (Multiple Year and Option Contracts) X 52.222-44 Fair Labor Standards Act and Service Contract Labor Standards-Price Adjustment X 52.222-50 Combating Trafficking in Persons. X 52.222-54 Employment Eligibility Verification X 52.222-62 Paid Sick Leave Under Executive Order 13706 X 52.223-23 Sustainable Products and Services X 52.224-3 Privacy Training X 52.224-3 with Alt I Privacy Training, with Alternate I X 52.226-8 Encouraging Contractor Policies to Ban Text Messaging While Driving. X 52.232-33 Payment by Electronic Funds Transfer System for Award Management X 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors. X 52.233-3 Protest After Award X 52.233-4 Applicable Law for Breach of Contract Claim X 52.240-91 Security Prohibitions and Exclusions X 52.240-93 Basic Safeguarding of Covered Contractor Information Systems X 52.244-6 Subcontracts for Commercial Products and Commercial Services Additional contract requirements or terms and conditions: 52.217-8 Option to Extend Services (NOV 1999) The Government may require continued performance of any services within the limits and at the rates specified in the contract. These rates may be adjusted only as a result of revisions to the prevailing labor rates provided by the Secretary of Labor. The option provision may be exercised more than once, but the total extension of performance hereunder shall not exceed 6 months. The Contracting Officer may exercise the option by written notice to the Contractor within 60 days. 852.252-70, Provisions and Clauses Applicable to VA Acquisition of Commercial Items: VAAR Clauses are incorporated by reference as follows: VAAR 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2018) VAAR 852.204-70 Personal Identity Verification of Contractor Personnel VAAR 852.204-71 Information and Information Systems Security VAAR 852.208-70 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors - Orders or BPAs VAAR 852.208-71 Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factor Commitments - Orders and BPAs VAAR 852.211-76 Liquidated Damages - Reimbursement for Data Breach Costs VAAR 852.219-70 VA Small Business Subcontracting Plan Minimum Requirements VAAR 852.222-71 Compliance with Executive Order 13899. (DEVIATION) (APR 2025) VAAR 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) VAAR 852.242-71 Administrative Contracting Officer VAAR Provisions are incorporated as follows: VAAR 852.209-70 Organizational Conflicts of Interest VAAR 852.233-70 Protest Content/Alternative Dispute Resolution (OCT 2018) VAAR 852.233-71 Alternate Protest Procedure (OCT 2018) RFO 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference The following provisions or clauses incorporated by reference in this solicitation must be completed by the offeror or prospective contractor and submitted with the quotation or offer. Copies of these provisions or clauses are available on the Internet at the web sites provided in the provision at RFO 52.252-1, Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference. Copies may also be obtained from the contracting officer. http://www.acquisition.gov/far/index.html https://www.acquisition.gov/vaar The following RFO provisions are to be incorporated by reference: Applicable (X) Number Title X 52.203-11 Certification and Disclosure Regarding Payments to Influence Certain Federal Transactions X 52.203-18 Prohibition on Contracting with Entities that Require Certain Internal Confidentiality Agreements or Statements-Representation X 52.204-7 System for Award Management Registration X 52.229-11 Tax on Certain Foreign Procurements Notice and Representation The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) does not apply. Date and Time offers are due to kadarius.griffin@va.gov and Lindsey.Zwaagstra@va.gov by 10:00am CST, March 20, 2026. Name and email of the individual to contact for information regarding the solicitation: Kadarius Griffin Kadarius.griffin@va.gov NCO19Lab@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/9f78aa1eb5a344039034b7dbda60d475/view)