---
layout: default
title: AN/SPY-6(V) Production RFI/Sources Sought - Copy 1
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 46a3c4a4f38748e2a01cd451f0b68365
---

# AN/SPY-6(V) Production RFI/Sources Sought - Copy 1

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-22 06:04:21.316-04
- Solicitation Number: N00024-25-R-551X

## Summary

Update 4/22/2026: The Unclassified Terms of Use Agreement document has been updated. Any company that had previously signed the prior version and had received the amendment does not need to re-sign this updated copy. Any company who has not yet provided a signed unclassified terms of use agreement and DD2345 and is looking for access to the Unclassified bidder's library, please utilize the updated document for submittal via email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil). Update 4/2/2026: The Draft RFP for the solicitation has updated the existing sections and also includes Section L and M and is available to download via NSERC for those companies who have completed and submitted the required forms to gain access to the unclassified bidder’s library, or is available via DoD Safe upon request to those companies who are interested but do not have access to the bidder’s library. The Government is inviting Industry to provide any questions, redlines, comments, or feedback by 29 May 2026. If interested, please reach out via email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil) and Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil). The Government offering the opportunity for a 20 minute one-on-one session. In-person One-on-Ones are strongly recommended. When: 11 May 2026 through 15 May 2026 Where: 1220 12th Street, Washington DC Who: No More than 10 Attendees If your company is interested in scheduling a session, submit an email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil) with your company’s preference of day and list of attendees no later than 1 May 2026. Update 2/2/2026: The Government responses to any outstanding questions from the 15 December 2025 Industry Day and to the questions and comments received on the Draft Sections B&C are available via a DoD Safe Drop-Off. If interested, please reach out via email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil) or Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil). The responses will also be made available on the UNCLASS GFI Library via NSERC. Update 12/3/2025: The last day to provide notification of attending the industry day on 15 December 2025 is by 10 December 2025 at 1500 EST. Update 11/17/2025: The Government intends to re-schedule the Industry Day for 15 December 2025 from 1200-1400 EST. In-person attendance is strongly recommended. If your company had previously expressed interest in attending, a separate communication will be sent confirming if your company still intends to attend the event and to confirm prior attendees provided. If your company had not previously expressed interest in attending but now intends on attending, please submit an email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil) with your company’s intent to join in-person or virtually and a list of attendees, and the information for the event will be provided. When: 15 December 2025: 1200-1400 EST Where: 20 M Street, Washington DC Who: No More than 3 In-Person Attendees As a result of the Industry Day, if your company has additional feedback, questions, or comments on the Draft Sections B&C of the solicitation, please provide feedback by 19 January 2026. Update 10/21/2025: Due to the current lack of appropriations and furlough status, the Government has postponed the Industry Day. A new Industry Day date will be posted in the near future. Update 10/15/2025: The last day to provide notification of attending the industry day on 27 October 2025 is by COB 22 October 2025. If your company expresses interest in attending, submit an email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil) with your company’s intent to join in-person or virtually and a list of attendees and their email addresses, and the information for the event will be provided. When: 27 October 2025: 1100-1300 EST Where: 20 M Street, Washington DC Who: No More than 3 In-Person Attendees Update 9/30/2025: This SAM.gov notice is associated with notice ID N00024-25-R-5510 AN/SPY-6(V) Production. This is not a separate or new contract opportunity. The U.S. Navy is continuing to conduct market research for contract opportunity N00024-25-R-5510 AN/SPY-6(V) Production. Government Furnished Information (GFI) has been made available to interested companies of this effort. Please reach out to the POCs below for additional information. Additional updates regarding contract opportunity N00024-25-R-5510 AN/SPY-6(V) Production will be made here and under the original notice N00024-25-R-5510 AN/SPY-6(V) Production. Draft Sections B and C for the solicitation are available to download via NSERC for companies who have completed and submitted the required forms to gain access to the bidder’s library or via DoD Safe Drop-Off. The Government is inviting Industry to provide any questions, redlines, comments, or feedback by 17 November 2025. If interested, please reach out via email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil) and Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil). The Government intends to hold an industry day on 27 October 2025 from 1100-1300 EST. In-person attendance is strongly recommended. If your company expresses interest in attending, submit an email to Spencer Bryant (spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil), Alexander Gosnell (alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil), and Thomas Kostyo (Thomas.f.kostyo.civ@us.navy.mil) with your company’s intent to join in-person or virtually and a list of attendees, and the information for the event will be provided. When: 27 October 2025: 1100-1300 EST Where: 20 M Street, Washington DC Who: No More than 3 Attendees

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Alexander Gosnell
  - Email: alexander.b.gosnell.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2027812446
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Spencer Bryant
  - Email: spencer.m.bryant2.civ@us.navy.mil
  - Phone: 2027814113

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/46a3c4a4f38748e2a01cd451f0b68365/view)