---
layout: default
title: Y1PZ--810CM3033 Gravesite Expansion with FCA Deficiencies at Dayton National Cemetery
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: 80cd8cb0a0fd4d78b702f5eab8e9f7e4
---

# Y1PZ--810CM3033 Gravesite Expansion with FCA Deficiencies at Dayton National Cemetery

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-09 15:38:47.666-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C78626B0007
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Solicitation Number: 36C78626B0007 Project Number: 810CM3033 Description: Gravesite Expansion with FCA Deficiencies at Dayton National Cemetery This notice is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute a request for Bid, Proposal, or Quote. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), National Cemetery Administration (NCA) intends to issue solicitation number 36C78626B0007entitled, Gravesite Expansion with FCA Deficiencies at Dayton National Cemetery on or about April 20, 2026, unless additional notice is given, or this notice is modified or cancelled. Statement of Work: The construction contractor shall provide all labor, management, materials, tools, equipment, and services necessary to construct project number 810CM3033 per the Statement of Work, Specifications, Drawings, and related construction documents. Construction will take place at Dayton National Cemetery, 4400 West Third Street, Dayton, OH 45428. Installation of all work shown on the plans and described in the specifications and defined in Bid Documents includes the following: A. CLIN 0001 BASE BID, GENERAL CONSTRUCTION: Installation of all work shown on the plans and described in the specifications and defined in Bid Documents. Includes the following: The scope of this project will provide for the FY25 Gravesite Expansion, which involves approximately 11 acres of undeveloped land within the existing cemetery and correct various Facility Condition Assessment (FCA) items. Work elements include 2,400 columbarium niches, 2,472 in-ground cremains, 7,508 pre-placed crypts, 82 traditional casketed sites, 154 marker memorial wall, architectural entry wall /ornamental fencing, electrical backup generator, FCA Repairs, remove and replace fuel tanks/pumps, irrigation expansion and repairs, ornamental fencing repairs, 6 height construction fencing with screening, walks, grading, drainage, irrigation, site furnishings and landscaping and construction of other items as required to complete all the work described in the Contract Documents. Major scope items include construction of the following items as described in this Scope of Work (SOW) and included on construction documents: Columbarium C: Develop a 2,400-niche columbarium adjacent to and similar to the design of the existing Columbarium A & B. Memorial Wall: Develop a new 150-marker memorial wall west of the existing columbarium A with similar architectural design elements and materials. Pre-Placed Crypts: Develop a gravesite section to accommodate 7,508 burials for pre-placed crypts west of South Gettysburg Avenue and south of the New Mexico Place Loop. In-Ground Interments: Develop a 2,472-gravesite section for in-ground cremains at the southwest corner of Pennsylvania Avenue and Ohio Avenue, adjacent to the existing IGC Section #46. Traditional Casketed Sites: Develop a 82-gravesite section for traditional casketed sites. Cemetery Improvements: Within the existing developed cemetery, outline corrective measures for Commemorative Sign A & B, and address damaged concrete at Committal Shelter A and Columbarium A. Propose improvements to repair the existing sidewalk adjacent to Pennsylvania Avenue at Section 42 from New Mexico Place to Ohio Avenue, and drainage improvements to prevent future damage. Design improvements to remove and replace five storm inlet structures west of section 42 along Pennsylvania Avenue and prevent inflow and infiltration. Irrigation Improvements: Address and provide corrections for the existing irrigation system in burial sections 36 through 42, which is experiencing low pressures, electrical issues, shallow line depths, failing glue joints, controller issues, pump house communication issues, and sections that lack quick connections. Additionally, a solution is provided to reconnect the vase watering stations along Hawaii Place that have been disconnected from the irrigation system due to the inoperable supply line. The selected irrigation installer shall salvage, catalogue, and return to the owner, surface-based irrigation equipment in areas designated for irrigation relocation or replacement. All services performed by the contractor must adhere to National Cemetery Administration standards. Period of Performance The Contractor shall complete all work including submittals, reviews, quality control, repair/construction services, punch list corrections, clean up, invoicing and closeouts documentation submittal within 18 months or 540 calendar days from Government issuance of the Notice to Proceed. Place of Performance Department of Veterans Affairs National Cemetery Administration Dayton National Cemetery 4400 West Third Street Dayton, OH 45428. The Product Service Code (PSC) for this procurement is Y1PZ - Construction of Other Non-building Facilities. The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement 237990 Other Heavy and Civil Engineering Construction, and the business size standard is $45.0 Million. The magnitude of construction for this project is Between $10,000,000 and $20,000,000 per VAAR 836.204. The full Solicitation, Specifications, Drawings and related documents will be posted on Contract Opportunities on or about April 20, 2026, unless additional notice is given, or this notice is modified or cancelled at SAM.gov. The response submittal address, date and time will be included in the solicitation. This procurement is 100% Set-Aside for Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns. Only verified SDVOSB firms are eligible to submit an offer or receive an award of a VA contract that is set-aside for SDVOSB in accordance with VAAR Part 819. A non-verified vendor that submits a bid or proposal will be rejected as non-responsive. Offers received from concerns that are not Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) concerns shall not be considered. (See VAAR Clause 852.219-10 VA Notice of Total Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business Set-Aside.) To be eligible for award, the SDVOSB must be considered small under the relevant NAICS code and must be registered and verified in the following websites: those desiring to receive an award from this solicitation must be registered at https://search.certifications.sba.gov/. Companies must have the Certified Veteran Enterprise (CVE) seal on their registration to be considered for an award. The SBA database https://search.certifications.sba.gov/ will be checked both upon receipt of an offer and prior to award; firms must be currently registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database at www.SAM.gov and have completed online Representations and Certifications prior to contract award. In accordance with VAAR 819.7003(b), at the time of submission of bids, and prior to award of any contracts, the offeror must represent to the Contracting Officer that it is (1) SDVOSB eligible under VAAR Subpart 819.70; (2) Small business concern under the NAICS code assigned to this acquisition; and (3) SDVOSB listed as verified in SBA database at https://search.certifications.sba.gov/. Interested bidders will be required to furnish a Bid Bond; and the awarded Contractor will be required to provide Performance and Payment Bonds if needed. This presolicitation notice is not an invitation to submit a bid. The Contracting Officer and point of contact for this solicitation is Richard Adu at Richard.Adu@va.gov. Telephone requests will NOT be accepted. -End of Document-

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Richard Adu
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Richard.Adu@va.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/80cd8cb0a0fd4d78b702f5eab8e9f7e4/view)