---
layout: default
title: Y1DA--NP Refurbish Audiometric Suites
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Presolicitation
notice_id: c39e6d0068e84888b74ae5c455b36c64
---

# Y1DA--NP Refurbish Audiometric Suites

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Presolicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-20 12:14:09.614-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24226B0054
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Refurbish Audiology Booths 1 of 6 Statement of Work (SOW) Refurbish Audiology Booths Building 200 VAMC Northport, NY Vendor is to provide the materials, labor, equipment and any products required to refurbish the interior of the VAMC Northport s 3 Audiometric Suites which include a total of 6 booths/rooms. Items to be included in the refurbishment will be fully new fabric encased acoustic panels for all interior walls and doors, all required trim, and carpeting is to be included. This is a turnkey project which includes the removal of all existing acoustic panels, carpet and trim. All work station surfaces will be removed from the booths by the VAMC to prepare for the refurbishment. It is expected that the refurbishment of these 3 Audiometric Suites will take 3 full consecutive working days to install during straight time on one weekday and two weekend days (at time and ½) over one weekend. The Audiometric efficacy is to be improved or remain the same at the completion of this refurbishment. General Safety shall be the Contractor s highest priority, this work will require working during normal business hours while patients are actively. This project shall be a turn-key operation for the work as described in this SOW. The VA healthcare facility shall continue to operate during the performance period, including patient care. Work by the Contractor shall be completed during regular business hours, between 0800 1630, Friday through Sunday or Saturday through Monday, with permission of the area supervisors it may be possible to shift those hours to 0700 1630 in order to complete the installation as needed. Any work that shall interfere with normal medical facility operations shall be coordinated with the COR 2 days in advance to allow for coordination with affected VA departments. Contractor s work shall be conducted in a manner at times which would present the least amount of disruption to the VA healthcare facility and patient safety. Period of Performance: 3 days to complete the full refurbishment. If the time to complete this refurbishment by any vendor is more than 3 days, it must be documented in the vendor s package for review during the VAMC s Technical Evaluation. The contractor shall be required to remove all existing wall panels and trim, remove all existing carpeting, clean all surfaces and prepare all walls and floors to IAC s specifications for a new and Audiometrically compliant installation of new fabric covered wall panels and new carpeting and all associated trim pies for a full and complete installation. There is to be no loss in the Audiometric efficacy of any room in each suite. Vendor is to remove all trash, packing material and debris to a VA determined dumpster on site or they must cart it offsite and dispose of at their own expense. At the completion of the refurbishment, all carpets and walls will be vacuumed clean and all cleaning instructions are to be given to the COR. No job site work shall commence prior to receipt of all approved submittal items, and upon authorization of COR. Onsite field measurements are taken by the vendor before responding to this solicitation. This can be arranged through the CO and the COR during normal business hours during non-holiday M-F workdays. Submittals shall be submitted for approval no later than ten (10) calendar days after Notice to Proceed. Any VA supplied utilities that are needed to complete this removal and installation are to be communicated to the COR no later than ten (15) calendar days after Notice to Proceed. Documentation Contractor shall furnish written documentation that products furnished are specifically designed for use in a medical facility and meet the stated requirements in this SOW, Contract plans, specifications, and documents; which are to be available for review upon award. Installation - The Contractor shall be responsible for all work needed to provide the removal, installation and initial cleaning of the Audiometric suite after completed refurbishment and provide cleaning instructions for the VA staff before award. Vendor shall furnish all supervision, labor, materials, equipment, tools, supplies, and related services required to furnish and complete a turnkey removal of existing flooring and any scraping, patching of existing subfloor that is required for a clean and flush carpet installation that is per the manufacturer s recommended floor preparation and installation instructions methods. All removed material and scrap is to be disposed of in onsite approved dumpsters. The vendor shall also remove all wall acoustic panels and expose of properly of all removed material in approved VA dumpsters. Provide any wall prep required for a clean and like new booth appearance. The vendor shall provide and install new fabric covered acoustic panels on all vertical surfaces in accordance with an IAC booth refurbishment. The contractor will provide a VA approved complete system that is identical or equal to the method prescribed by the original Audiology suite manufacturer, IAC. Contractor shall carry out the contract in accordance with the true intent and meaning of the SOW, contract plans, and specifications without additional cost to the VA. Building materials, tools and equipment shall never be left in a public area or unattended within the unit common areas. No work is to be done in common areas, the area that will be available for this removal and installation will be strictly adhered to. Specifications and Drawings Electronic copies of the specifications and drawings shall be made available to the Contractor upon Contractor s written request. Contractor shall be responsible for printed copies of specifications, drawings and other documents, at the Contractor s expense. Submittals GENERAL REQUIREMENTS. Product Data: All product specifications including fire rating per ASTME and NFPA. Shop drawing submittal shall include, at a minimum, the following: Booth wall elevations and layout Booth floor seaming locations Fabric and acoustic material specification and two full size physical sample of each material submitted for walls, based on and fully compliant with the provided technical specifications and design intent documents. Carpet specification and two full size physical sample of the flooring being used as a match to technical specifications and design intent documents. Provide manufacturer s recommended installation method and vendor s plan to carry it out. After Notice to proceed: Contractor, Contactor employees, Contractor Sub-Contractors, and Contractor suppliers shall comply with the VA security management program and obtain permission of the VA police, be identified by the contract and employer, and restricted from unauthorized access. This shall be coordinated with the VA Police by the COR. Contractor, Contactor employees, Contractor Sub-Contractors, and Contractor suppliers shall not enter the work site without a temporary access sticker. They may also be subject to inspection of their personal effects when entering or leaving the project site. Temporary badges shall be supplied by the VA to the Contractor for distribution to the Contractor, Contactor employees, Contractor s Sub-Contractors, and Contractor suppliers. The Contractor shall maintain a log of Badge ID numbers and names of employees the Badges were issued to. Updated Badge log shall be given to the COR weekly or less frequently if directed by COR. Lost Badges shall be reported immediately to the COR and the Contractor shall be responsible for a $100.00 fee for all lost or unreturned Badges. After regular business hours or weekend access: For work outside the regular business hours and weekend, the Contractor must furnish written notification to the COR and the COR shall schedule and provide authorization to proceed three (3) business days before work is to occur. in advance of the proposed work activity. Any work performed by the Contractor, at the Contractor s own volition outside the specified working hours, and outside of the provided documentation shall be at no additional expense to the VA. Safety: Safety shall be the Contractor s highest priority. The Contractor shall be solely responsible for compliance with Federal/State/Local (F/S/L) OSHA regulations. The Contractor shall furnish and have in place Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), safety signage, cones, barricades etc., to protect the safety of VHSO patients, employees, visitors, volunteers, tenants and others. Contractor, Contractor employees, and Contractor suppliers shall not be permitted to work and shall be asked to leave if the proper safety items are missing. Contractor shall furnish required safety items to all their employees and sub-contractors. Special Requirements: Not Applicable. Contractor Expertise Requirements: Contractor shall have at least five (5) years proven Audiology booth refurbishment and installation experience with IAC acoustic booths and be familiar with IAC construction and technology. Contractor shall make every reasonable effort to protect VA property from damage. Anything remaining in place that is damaged or defaced during this Contract shall be restored by the Contractor to the condition existing at time of award of Contract at the Contractor s expense. Walls, ceilings, floors, furniture, etc., shall be protected from damage due to dust, staining, or falling debris created during any construction activities of the project. No unauthorized work shall be initiated without the prior written approval of the Contracting Officer. The Contracting Officer shall approve requests, or proposals for changes in project scope and/or additional requirements, in writing, prior to the Contractor proceeding with any related work. Any changes accomplished without prior written approval, shall be done at the Contractor s expense. Contractors shall visit the job site and visit the facility to determine if it s reasonable or necessary to ascertain the nature and location of the work to be performed in general, and the local conditions which can affect the work or the cost thereof. Failure to do so shall not relieve the Contractor of his responsibility for estimating properly the difficulty or cost of successfully performing the work without additional cost to the VA. Measurements/locations are approximate and shall be verified by the Contractor onsite before ordering materials. VA shall not be held responsible for any error or variation in any measurements or other data listed. The Contractor shall not be relieved of his responsibility to carry out the Contract in accordance with the true intent and meaning of the SOW, Contract plans, specifications, and documents without additional cost to the VA. Work required for this project shall be in accordance with the best practices of the building trades involved and in accordance with the true intent and meaning of the SOW, Contract plans, specifications, documents and requirements without additional cost to the VA. Vendors shall furnish resources, including, but not limited to, qualified professionals, materials, equipment, tools, supplies, and related services to perform the work. Contractor shall work independently once oriented, with adequate resources to accomplish work within the performance period and per the Contractor s COR approved progress schedule. Workmanship: This project shall be a turn-key operation of the SOW, Contract plans, specifications, documents and requirements and be of a complete and working refurbishment. The vendor shall utilize qualified professionals, material, equipment, tools, supplies, and related services required to install complete working systems. Work shall be conducted in a manner and at times which would present the least amount of disruption to the VA healthcare facility. Vehicles and construction equipment: Contractors keys to unattended vehicles and equipment shall always be removed when vehicles are unattended and parked only in approved parking spots. Loading dock locations can be utilized for loading and unloading only. After loading and unloading is complete, vehicles must be parked in an approved location confirmed by the COR. Material Storage: Contractor must have prior written authorization by the VA for storage of Contractor supplied materials and equipment, it is expected for this job the storage requirements will be minimal and will be managed offsite. Work shall be planned by the Contractor to give as much time as possible to the VA if storage is needed. No storage shall commence until written approval and authorization of the Contractor s request is provided by the COR seventy-two (72) hours prior to the storage. Tools/Staging: Contractors must furnish materials, equipment, tools, ladders, and supplies to complete their work and contain these items within the work area provided. Unloading/Parking: No materials or equipment are permitted through the front entry. Use Employee entrance/loading dock only for loading and unloading, do not leave vehicle(s) unlocked. Parking on VAMC property is limited and the Contractor must have prior approval of on-site parking locations from COR. Elevators: Contractor shall use only service elevators and protect elevator cabs and controls during periods of use. Contractor shall not exceed elevator weight limits. Radios/Cell Phones: Use only outside. Do not carry on conversations in hallways or near any patient areas. AM/FM radios and other sound producing devices are strictly prohibited in the VA buildings. Noise: Contractor shall coordinate and schedule any noise making activities with the COR. For any noise making work activities, the Contractor shall provide written request to the COR and the COR shall schedule and furnish authorization to proceed three (3) business days in advance of the proposed activity. At least two (2) business days notice must be given to the VA facility stakeholders. Dust Proofing/Cleaning: Facility and furnishings and openings must be covered with plastic or clean drop cloth if there is any potential for dust. Contractors shall furnish their own HEPA vacuum cleaner(s), tacky mats at the entrance of the work zone with COR permission and cleaning tools. Contractor shall remove and properly dispose construction debris, materials, equipment, and substances from this project and the VA property daily, after each work period (Monday Friday) or weekend, into the VA assigned containers or carted offsite at vendors expense. All tools, materials, equipment, and substances from the project and project activities must be fully removed and prior to final payment. Contractor shall return the work site to the condition in which it was found at the Contractor s expense. Warranty: Contractor shall guarantee all workmanship for a period of two (3) years after completion of work. Contractor must furnish a 1-year parts/support warranty on all work completed. Photography: Photography of any patients, personnel, visitors, and others on VA property is strictly prohibited. Information Security/Privacy/ Records Management This contract does not involve access to VA patient/employee information and does not involve access and/or connection to the VA information system. This contract does not create records on behalf of VA. FINISHES Finish Requirements: Audiometric booths shall be finished in accordance with the requirements listed in this section. Paint Finish: All interior and exterior exposed surfaces of the audiometric booth shall be factory pre-painted prior to installation. Steel panel surfaces shall be properly cleaned, prepared and primed with a nitrocellulose modified-phenolic coating to a dry film thickness of 0.6-mil. minimum so as to accept the finish paint coat. Panels shall be thoroughly coated with nitrocellulose alkyd modified lacquer, (or functionally equivalent coating) to produce a flat or textured finish. Color shall be specified by the VA. Floor Carpet: The contractor shall provide carpeting for all inner floors. Carpeting shall meet the requirements of Federal Specification DDD-C-95 and the fire rating requirements of the Federal Flammability Standard FF-1-70 in section 15.1.2. Carpeting shall be cemented to the floor and shall be provided with rubber molding. Closure Panels: The contractor shall provide closure panels that close off airspaces between booths as well as between the booth and the facility walls. Closure strips shall be finished similarly to the external finish of the booth and shall be installed in a manner so as to not compromise the acoustical and vibration isolation of the booths. Closures between the audiometric booth and the facility ceilings shall be provided by the audiology booth vendor/contractor. All finishes shall be approved by VA Interior Designer. Fabric must meet NFPA 701 and in combination with acoustic panels must be ASTME84 Class A fire rating and Flame Spread Index (FSI) of 0 25 and a Smoke Developed Index (SDI) not exceeding 450. Carpet can be broadloom or tile, but installation method is to be glue down. Carpet material must meet the following requirements at a minimum: Fiber type: Color Strand Nylon, Backing: Weldlock, Construction:Tufted, Size: 12 FT or tile of 12 or more, Pile: .150 or more, surface appearance: textured heathered Loop, dye method: solution Dyed, Guage: 1/10,Tufted weight 20 oz/yd2, stitches per inch: 7.67, Strain Release technology: to be present, Density 5179, Weight Density: 103597, Flammability ASTM E648 Class 1 (glue Down), Smoke Density ASTM E662 Less than 450, To include Soikl Release Technology. ACOUSTICAL PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS Acoustical Performance: Audiometric booths and the components utilized to construct them shall meet the minimum acoustical requirements detailed in this section. Enclosure Noise Reduction: Audiometric booths shall meet the airborne noise reduction requirements specified in Table 2, when measured in accordance with ASTM E596-90: Table 2 Minimum Noise Reduction for Audiometric Booths/Rooms/Suites Octave Band Frequency Center Frequency Single Wall Control Room Noise Reduction (dB) Double Wall Booths/Rooms Suites Noise Reduction (dB) 125 28 47 250 37 62 500 48 83 1000 55 91 2000 59 99 4000 60 97 8000 58 >91 1. Noise reduction measurements shall be made in 1/3 octave bands and converted to octave band results using a calculation method appropriate to the source spectrum (eg. pink noise). Audiometric booth must meet at least the minimum specified octave band noise reduction in each octave band. Transmission Loss of Door and Frame Assembly: The audiometric booth acoustical door and frame assembly shall have a minimum STC rating of 47 when tested in a laboratory environment in accordance with ASTM E90- 90 and calculated in accordance with ASTM E413-87. Panel Sound Absorption Coefficients: The sound absorption coefficients of the wall and ceiling panels (Reference ANSI S3.6-1989) used to construct the audiometric booth shall have the minimum sound absorption coefficients specified in Table 3, when measured in a laboratory environment in accordance with ASTM C423-90a using a sample size of at least 72 square feet. Table 3 Minimum Sound Absorption Coefficients for Audiometric Booth Panels Octave Band Frequency Center Frequency Sound Absorption Coefficient 125 0.40 250 0.70 500 0.70 1000 0.70 2000 0.70 4000 0.70 8000

0.70 Testing laboratories: All tests shall be conducted at either a nationally recognized independent test laboratory, in a laboratory accredited by NIST, NVLAP, or at a U.S. government laboratory. Test Report Requirements: All laboratory test data shall have been obtained by conducting tests in accordance with the specified procedures and standards. All test data shall have been obtained within the past 5 years, and shall be certified by the bidder as indicative of current production methods. Test reports shall contain complete documentation of the sample's exterior features, salient characteristics and component weights in order to ensure that all test data are based on components of similar construction.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Charlie Augustin
  - Title: Contracting Officer
  - Email: Charlie.Augustin@va.gov
  - Phone: 631-261-4400 x12751

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/c39e6d0068e84888b74ae5c455b36c64/view)