---
layout: default
title: 6515--NX EQ Safe Label Printers for OR Medications (VA-26-00034633)
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: 41278333341946d38e03c85f5aaa6b35
---

# 6515--NX EQ Safe Label Printers for OR Medications (VA-26-00034633)

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-18 14:50:19.21-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C10X26Q0035
- Awardee: null

## Summary

Sources Sought Notice Sources Sought Notice Page 12 of 12 Sources Sought Notice *= Required Field Sources Sought Notice Page 1 of 12 REQUEST FOR INFORMATION

1.0 DESCRIPTION The Veterans Health Administration (VHA) Non-Expendable Equipment National Program has identified the Codonics Safe Label SystemÂ® (SLS) product line as a candidate for the Department of Veterans Affairs Enterprise-wide (otherwise referred to as national ) Non-Expendable (NX) Equipment (EQ) Requirements contract award. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Office of Procurement, Acquisition and Logistics (OPAL) Strategic Acquisition Center (SAC) on behalf of VHA is issuing this Sources Sought in accordance with the FAR 10.001(b) to determine the availability and technical capabilities of qualified sources. The SAC in conjunction with VHA is seeking a qualified source to provide brand name or equal Codonics SLS on an Enterprise-wide basis. VA intends to award a Requirements Contract with Firm-Fixed Price (FFP) orders IAW FAR 16.503, Requirements Contract to a supplier of this equipment. Vendors will be required to deliver Codonics SLS to VA medical centers and facilities throughout the United States, CONUS and OCONUS. The anticipated period of performance is for one (1) 12-month base period with four (4) 12-month option periods from the date of award. However, the Government's decision as to whether or not to continue with the contract, upon annual review, will be based upon successful performance during each previous year and continued need. The associated North American Industrial Classification System (NAICS) code for this procurement is 339112 Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing and the associated size standard is 1,000 employees. The FAR Provision found at 52.204-7 requires that The Offeror shall have an active Federal Government contracts registration in the System for Award Management (SAM) when submitting an offer or quotation in response to this solicitation and at the time of award.Â You may access the SAM website at Home | SAM.gov. All offerors must be certified with the appropriate NAICS code on the SAM website. All SDVOSB/VOSB offerors must be verified in the Small Business Administration (SBA) database at Veteran Small Business Certification (VetCert) database at: Veteran Small Business Certification (sba.gov) at the time of proposal submission. This notice is for planning purposes only and does not constitute a commitment on the part of the Government to award a contract, nor does the Government intend to pay for any information submitted as a result of this notice. This Sources Sought is part of a continuous process for obtaining the latest information on the commercial status of the industry with respect to their current and near-term abilities. The information provided herein is subject to change and in no way binds the Government to solicit for, or award, a competitive contract. It is emphasized that this is a notice solely for planning and informational purposes.

2.0 SCOPE Safe Label Printers are the standard of care in hospital settings. The safe label systems are FDA Class II medical devices that improve the safety and accuracy of medication management and labeling compliance. Safe Label Printers are utilized in ORs with anesthesia drug carts to electronically identify the drugs. The printers use visual and audible confirmation based on the NEC2 of the vial/ampoule provides the clinicians with real-time safety checks to eliminate medication errors. The Safe label System provides the Join Commission compliant labels. The main purpose of the system is to eliminate common drug errors and meet the ISMP Guidelines for Safe Medication Use. The following Contract Line Items are being considered: Line Item# Brand Part Number Description Base Year Option Year 1 Option Year 2 Option Year 3 Option Year 4 0001 Codonics SLS600 The SLS 600i is an FDA Class 2 integrated solution for safe, fast, compliant labeling of medication with all existing SLS550i capabilities as well as prewired with circuitry making it upgradable to support RFID. When equipped with a future upgrade kit, the SLS 600i will be able to scan RFID enabled vials or syringes and/or print RFID-enabled syringe labels. Syringes carrying RFID labels will be able to communicate with third-party RFID enabled systems. The SLS 600i incorporates a touch screen, barcode scanner and a full-color label printer into a compact easy-to-use system. Includes User's Manual, US power cord and one-year RTF warranty. 16 31 28 1 6 0002 Codonics SLS550 Safe Label SystemÂ® SLS 550i - The SLS 550i is an FDA Class 2 integrated solution for safe, fast, compliant labeling of medication. It incorporates a touch screen, barcode scanner and a full-color label printer into a compact easy-to-use system. Includes User's Manual, US power cord and one-year RTF warranty. 16 31 28 1 6 0003 Codonics AT-ACC-KIT-2 SLS Administration Tool Accessory Kit. Includes Zebra DS series Healthcare handheld barcode scanner with USB connection, adjustable Intellistand, one-year warranty and custom firmware improving drug vial scanning performance. 1 1 1 1 1 0004 Codonics SLS-MICROPHONE USB Microphone for use with the Administration Tool. 1 1 1 1 1 0005 Codonics SLS-WAVE SLS-WAVE hands-free scanner integrates with Anesthesia Information Management Systems (AIMS) to extend BCMA to the operating room. A mounting bracket and a five-year Depot Swap Warranty are included. 1 1 1 1 1 0006 Codonics SLS-WAVE-USB-EXT SLS-WAVE USB Extension cables. Includes a 3 ft, 6 ft and 10 ft cable which may be combined to extend the SLS-WAVE cable up to 19 ft. 1 1 1 1 1 0007 Codonics SLS500-HSCN Zebra DS series Healthcare Handheld Barcode Scanner with USB connection, includes SLS500KY-HSCN feature key, holster, one-year warranty and custom firmware improving drug vial scanning performance (requires key). 1 1 1 1 1 0008 Codonics SLS500-SHELF SLS 500i shelf with drawer, for mounting on an anesthesia cart, including mounting kit compatible with the Armstrong A-Smart Premier Medical Cart and MetroÂ® STARSYS and Basix Plus Medical Carts (rail mount). 1 1 1 1 1 0009 Codonics SLS500-SHELF-3 SLS 500i shelf with drawer for mounting on an anesthesia cart, including mounting kit compatible with the Armstrong A-Series Standard Medical Cart, Blue Bell Bio-Medical Cart, MetroÂ® Flexline Medical Cart and Waterloo Healthcare Medication Cart (blind mount). 1 1 1 1 1 0010 Codonics SLS500-SHELF-4 SLS 500i shelf with drawer for mounting on an anesthesia cart, including mounting kit compatible with the CAPSA LTC and AC Series Cart, McKesson Anesthesia-Rx and AmeriSource Bergen MedSelectÂ® Anesthesia. 1 1 1 1 1 0011 Codonics SLS500-SHELF-08 SLS 500i shelf with drawer for mounting on an anesthesia cart including mounting kit compatible with the Omnicell AWS G4 and XT Cabinets. Not compatible when optional side work table is installed. 1 1 1 1 1 0012 Codonics SLS-MOUNT-OMN-01 SLS mounting accessory for Omnicell Anesthesia Workstation with optional tabletop extension. 1 1 1 1 1 0013 Codonics SLS500-ARM-CF The CareFusion PyxisÂ® Anesthesia system 3500 Accessory Arm Mount for SLS 500i is designed to fit the existing mounting points on the Pyxis Anesthesia system 3500 or newer Anesthesia system. 1 1 1 1 1 0014 Codonics SLS500-ARM-CF-EXT The SLS500-ARM-CF-EXT is a four-inch extension for the CareFusion PyxisÂ® Anesthesia system Accessory Arm Mount and compatible with 3500 or newer Anesthesia system. 1 1 1 1 1 0015 Codonics SLS500-ARM-CF-SP The SLS500-ARM-CF-SP is a spacer kit for integration of the CareFusion PyxisÂ® Anesthesia system Accessory Arm Mount with the cart handle accessory. 1 1 1 1 1 0016 Codonics SLS-PS-3 Replacement power supply for SLS 500i series. 1 1 1 1 1 0017 Codonics SLS550-SPARE Safe Label SystemÂ®SLS 550iÂ®- Spare SLS 550i without the Smartdrive, Label Hubs and Power Supply. 1 1 1 1 1 0018 Codonics SLS500KY-ADM Administer Mode feature key enables SLS 500i to confirm a drug prior to administration. 1 1 1 1 1 0019 Codonics SLS500KY-BMP Batch Mode Printing feature key enables SLS 500i to print batches of labels. 1 1 1 1 1 0020 Codonics SLS500KY-BBR-01 BBraun feature key enables the barcode on SLS 500i labels to be read by and transfer data to BBraun Space Infusion Pump Systems. 1 1 1 1 1 0021 Codonics SLS-ATKY-CFFS Key, AT, Carefusion Formulary Synchronization. 1 1 1 1 1 0022 Codonics SLS500KY-CMP Copy Mode Printing, allows printing of limited label copies (from 1 to 9). 1 1 1 1 1 0023 Codonics SLS500KY-EN-1 Email Notifier feature key, Single System License. 1 1 1 1 1 0024 Codonics SLS500KY-EN-S Email Notifier feature key, Site License. 1 1 1 1 1 0025 Codonics SLS500KY-EN-R Email Notifier feature key, Regional License. 1 1 1 1 1 0026 Codonics SLS500KY-EN-E Email Notifier feature key, Enterprise License. 1 1 1 1 1 0027 Codonics SLS500KY-HSCN Handheld barcode scanner feature key enables attachment of the Zebra DS Series handheld barcode scanner to SLS. 1 1 1 1 1 0028 Codonics SLS500KY-SASS SLS Advanced Smart Scanning feature key, Single System License, enables audible drug announcement without label printing, and inventory decrementing on carts that support SASS. 1 1 1 1 1 0029 Codonics SLS500KY-CENUM This feature allows you to create a specific SLS user list and deploy it from the AT to specified, or all, SLS PCSs. Once installed on an SLS PCS, it allows users specified in the user package to manually log into SLS without completing the Make User Badge dialog first. Included with units shipped with 2.6.0 and newer software an no charge. 1 1 1 1 1 0030 Codonics SLS500KY-EBD SLS Extended Bar Code Definition feature key. Required to print bar codes readable by Pharmacolog WasteLog system. 1 1 1 1 1 0031 Codonics SLS500-WIFI Wi-Fi option bundled with new systems, includes Wi-Fi USB adapter and feature key. 1 1 1 1 1 0032 Codonics SLS500-WIFI-UPG Wi-Fi Upgrade to existing system, includes Wi-Fi USB adapter and feature key. 1 1 1 1 1 0033 Codonics SLS-WIFI-6 Wi-Fi-6 option, includes Wi-Fi USB adapter and feature key. 1 1 1 1 1 0034 Codonics SLS500-TYPE2-STRKIT SLS 500i Type 2 Starter Kit (contains 1 roll of labels, 60 MM x 22 MM and 1 ink cartridge) 1 1 1 1 1 0035 Codonics 1SCA-SLX33-4 Labels, SLS 500i, 60MM x 22MM, 1000 per roll, 4 rolls, A22 1 1 1 1 1 0036 Codonics 1SCA-SLX33-4 Labels, SLS 500i, 60MM x 22MM(In four pack order quantities of 6 23 packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0037 Codonics 1SCA-SLX33-4 Labels, SLS 500i, 60MM x 22MM(In four pack order quantities of 24 95 packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0038 Codonics 1SCA-SLX33-4 Labels, SLS 500i, 60MM x 22MM(In four pack order quantities of 96 or more packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0039 Codonics 1SCT-LR833-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 1) for SLS 500i (4 pieces) 1 1 1 1 1 0040 Codonics 1SCT-LR833-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 1) for SLS 500i (In four pack order quantities of 6 23 packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0041 Codonics 1SCT-LR833-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 1) for SLS 500i (In four pack order quantities of 24 95 packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0042 Codonics 1SCT-LR833-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 1) for SLS 500i (In four pack order quantities of 96 or more packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0043 Codonics 1SC2-LR233-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 2) for SLS 550i1 (4 pieces) 1 1 1 1 1 0044 Codonics 1SC2-LR233-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 2) for SLS 550i1 (In four pack order quantities of 6 23 packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0045 Codonics 1SC2-LR233-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 2) for SLS 550i1 (In four pack order quantities of 24 95 packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0046 Codonics 1SC2-LR233-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 2) for SLS 550i1 (In four pack order quantities of 96 or more packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0047 Codonics 1SCB-SLX33-4 Labels, SLS 500i, 48MM x 17MM, 1000 per roll, 4 rolls, A17 1 1 1 1 1 0048 Codonics SLS-INSTALL SLS Installation by Codonics Personnel, USA only, Days 1 and 2 only 1 1 1 1 1 0049 Codonics SLS-INSTALL-EXT SLS Installation by Codonics Personnel, USA only, Extended Days 1 1 1 1 1 0050 Codonics SLS-WAVE-INSTALL SLS Installation by Codonics Personnel, USA only, price with units (when installed separately, additional travel charges apply) 1 1 1 1 1 0051 Codonics SLS500-DPTUGD SLS 500i, Year 1, Warranty Upgrade to DPT Swap 1 1 1 1 1 0052 Codonics SLS500-DPT-2 SLS 500i, Year 2, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0053 Codonics SLS500-DPT-3 SLS 500i, Year 3, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0054 Codonics SLS500-DPT-4 SLS 500i, Year 4, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0055 Codonics SLS500-DPT-5 SLS 500i, Year 5, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0056 Codonics SLS500-DPT-6 SLS 500i, Year 6, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0057 Codonics SLS500-DPT-7 SLS 500i, Year 7, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0058 Codonics SLS500-DPT-2-3 SLS 500i, Years 2-3, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0059 Codonics SLS500-DPT-2-4 SLS 500i, Years 2-4, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0060 Codonics SLS500-DPT-2-5 SLS 500i, Years 2-5, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0061 Codonics SLS500-RTF-2 SLS 500i, Year 2, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0062 Codonics SLS500-RTF-3 SLS 500i, Year 3, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0063 Codonics SLS500 RTF-4 SLS 500i, Year 4, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0064 Codonics SLS500-RTF-5 SLS 500i, Year 5, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0065 Codonics SLS500-RTF-6 SLS 500i, Year 6, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0066 Codonics SLS500-RTF-7 SLS 500i, Year 7, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0067 Codonics SLS500-RTF-2-3 SLS 500i, Years 2-3, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0068 Codonics SLS500-RTF-2-4 SLS 500i, Years 2-4, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0069 Codonics SLS500-RTF-2-5 SLS 500i, Years 2-5, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0070 Codonics SLS500-AT-E SLS Administration Tool software application, Enterprise License This software application includes multiple modules which enable configuration of the SLS system, preparation of up to 5 SLS formularies per AT instance and updates to the SLS system as required. The Enterprise License provides for licensing within a country for an unlimited number of units within a healthcare network whose constituent buildings and support personnel are technically and contractually related and which chooses to deploy only one AT for all units covered by the Enterprise License. Multiple AT instances and multiple formularies (up to 5 per AT instance) can be supported (see AT License Decision Tree). The system is compatible with Windows 10 and 11, as well as Windows Server 2016, 2019 and 2022.Comes with one SLS500-AT-KIT-##.# * which contains an application CD and documentation. (Note: SLS Administration Tool Accessory Kit or 2D barcode scanner required for barcode data verification.) 1 1 1 1 1 0071 Codonics SLS500-AT-R SLS Administration Tool software application, Regional License - This software application includes multiple modules which enable configuration of the SLS system, preparation of up to 5 SLS formularies per AT instance and updates to the SLS system as required. A Regional License provides for licensing within a region (state, province or prefecture) for an unlimited number of units within a healthcare network whose constituent buildings and support personnel are technically and contractually related and which chooses to deploy only one AT for all units covered by the Regional License. Multiple AT instances and multiple formularies (up to 5 per AT instance) can be supported (see AT License Decision Tree). The system is compatible with Windows 10 and 11, as well as Windows Server 2016, 2019 and 2022.Comes with one SLS500-AT-KIT-##.# * which contains an application CD and documentation. (Note: SLS Administration Tool Accessory Kit or 2D barcode scanner required for barcode data verification.) 1 1 1 1 1 0072 Codonics SLS500-AT-S SLS Administration Tool software application, Site License - This software application includes multiple modules which enable configuration of the SLS system, preparation of up to 5 SLS formularies per AT instance and updates to the SLS system as required. A Site License provides for an unlimited number of units at a healthcare facility whose constituent buildings and support personnel are physically and logistically proximate to each other. Only one AT is deployed for all units covered by the Site License. Multiple AT instances and multiples formularies (up to 5 per AT instance) can be supported (see AT License Decision Tree). The system is compatible with Windows 10 and 11, as well as Windows Server 2016, 2019 and 2022. Comes with one SLS500-AT-KIT-##.# * which contains an application CD and documentation. (Note: SLS Administration Tool Accessory Kit or 2D barcode scanner required for barcode data verification.) 1 1 1 1 1 0073 Codonics SLS500-AT-1 SLS Administration Tool software application, Single System License This software application includes multiple modules which enable configuration of the SLS system, preparation of up to 5 SLS formularies per AT instance and updates to the SLS system as required. Single SLS license allows management of a single SLS system. The system is compatible with Windows 10 and 11, as well as Windows Server 2016, 2019 and 2022. Comes with one SLS500-AT-KIT-##.# * which contains an application CD and documentation. (Note: SLS Administration Tool Accessory Kit or 2D barcode scanner required for barcode data verification.) 1 1 1 1 1 The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide Codonics SLS as listed above which meet all the following salient characteristics (SC): Vendors may quote any product solution or configuration so long as they meet the SCs. Products quoted in the technical volume must be captured on the Vendor s pricing volume (Attachment A, Price Cost Schedule) of the solicitation. Vendors may quote any additional ancillary products which they deem to be essential to the functionality of the proposed solution; these items must be captured in the Vendor s pricing volume with a quantity of zero. Identify here which CLIN s apply to the following SC s Example: CLIN s 0001-0004 apply to the following SC s SC # SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS METHOD OF EVALUATION SC 1 Must be FDA Class II medical Device Literature Review SC 2 Must have Integrated touch screen display Literature Review SC 3 Must have a 2D barcode scanner capable of reading pharmaceutical labels Literature Review SC 4 Must have color ink jet printer capable of printing syringe compatible labels based upon drug classification Literature Review SC 5 Must be capable of altering medication concentrations based on desired dilution of medication Literature Review SC 6 Must verify scanned medication audibly Literature Review SC 7 Must be capable of operating within VA-approved IT and cybersecurity requirements, either as a standalone system or when connected to VA-approved networks, without requiring prohibited software or external cloud connectivity Literature Review SC 8 System shall support documentation and traceability of medication labeling transactions sufficient to support charge capture workflows, user accountability, audit review and where applicable, 340B ralted recordkeeping requirements. Literature Review SC 9 Must meet the ISMP Guidelines for Safe Medication Use in Perioperative and Procedural Settings Literature Review SC 10 Must meet Anesthesia Patient Safety Foundation (APSF) recommendations Literature Review For each product (brand name and part number), the response must include descriptive literature demonstrating the product meets or exceeds the SCs specified above. The Government's intent is to include all ancillary items to ensure the equipment can function as designed by the Original Equipment Manufacturer and as clinically required. Vendors are encouraged to provide any product solution or configuration so long as they meet the SCs. Additionally, responses can include any additional product that may be beneficial. These items must be clearly identified by brand name and part number. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice shall include the following: Full name and address of company; Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number; Business Size; Manufacturer or Distributor; If distributor provide full name, business size and address of manufacturer. Country of Origin designation for all products; Ability to provide uninterrupted supply of products on a national scale; Technical Literature that clearly shows product(s) meet the identified SCs (if submitting an or-equal item); Any additional product solution or configuration that would be beneficial to the clinical functionality of the product line identified. Although not required, vendors responding to this Sources Sought may also submit a Capabilities Statement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Lisa Thompson
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: lisa.thompson10@va.gov
  - Phone: 720-793-5907

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: the Zebra DS Series handheld barcode scanner to SLS. 1 1 1 1 1 0028 Codonics SLS500KY-SASS SLS Advanced Smart Scanning feature key, Single System License, enables audible drug announcement without label printing, and inventory decrementing on carts that support SASS. 1 1 1 1 1 0029 Codonics SLS500KY-CENUM This feature allows you to create a specific SLS user list and deploy it from the AT to specified, or all, SLS PCSs. Once installed on an SLS PCS, it allows users specified in the user package to manually log into SLS without completing the Make User Badge dialog first. Included with units shipped with 2.6.0 and newer software an no charge. 1 1 1 1 1 0030 Codonics SLS500KY-EBD SLS Extended Bar Code Definition feature key. Required to print bar codes readable by Pharmacolog WasteLog system. 1 1 1 1 1 0031 Codonics SLS500-WIFI Wi-Fi option bundled with new systems, includes Wi-Fi USB adapter and feature key. 1 1 1 1 1 0032 Codonics SLS500-WIFI-UPG Wi-Fi Upgrade to existing system, includes Wi-Fi USB adapter and feature key. 1 1 1 1 1 0033 Codonics SLS-WIFI-6 Wi-Fi-6 option, includes Wi-Fi USB adapter and feature key. 1 1 1 1 1 0034 Codonics SLS500-TYPE2-STRKIT SLS 500i Type 2 Starter Kit (contains 1 roll of labels, 60 MM x 22 MM and 1 ink cartridge) 1 1 1 1 1 0035 Codonics 1SCA-SLX33-4 Labels, SLS 500i, 60MM x 22MM, 1000 per roll, 4 rolls, A22 1 1 1 1 1 0036 Codonics 1SCA-SLX33-4 Labels, SLS 500i, 60MM x 22MM(In four pack order quantities of 6 23 packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0037 Codonics 1SCA-SLX33-4 Labels, SLS 500i, 60MM x 22MM(In four pack order quantities of 24 95 packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0038 Codonics 1SCA-SLX33-4 Labels, SLS 500i, 60MM x 22MM(In four pack order quantities of 96 or more packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0039 Codonics 1SCT-LR833-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 1) for SLS 500i (4 pieces) 1 1 1 1 1 0040 Codonics 1SCT-LR833-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 1) for SLS 500i (In four pack order quantities of 6 23 packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0041 Codonics 1SCT-LR833-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 1) for SLS 500i (In four pack order quantities of 24 95 packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0042 Codonics 1SCT-LR833-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 1) for SLS 500i (In four pack order quantities of 96 or more packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0043 Codonics 1SC2-LR233-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 2) for SLS 550i1 (4 pieces) 1 1 1 1 1 0044 Codonics 1SC2-LR233-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 2) for SLS 550i1 (In four pack order quantities of 6 23 packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0045 Codonics 1SC2-LR233-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 2) for SLS 550i1 (In four pack order quantities of 24 95 packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0046 Codonics 1SC2-LR233-4 Color Ink Cartridge (Type 2) for SLS 550i1 (In four pack order quantities of 96 or more packs) 1 1 1 1 1 0047 Codonics 1SCB-SLX33-4 Labels, SLS 500i, 48MM x 17MM, 1000 per roll, 4 rolls, A17 1 1 1 1 1 0048 Codonics SLS-INSTALL SLS Installation by Codonics Personnel, USA only, Days 1 and 2 only 1 1 1 1 1 0049 Codonics SLS-INSTALL-EXT SLS Installation by Codonics Personnel, USA only, Extended Days 1 1 1 1 1 0050 Codonics SLS-WAVE-INSTALL SLS Installation by Codonics Personnel, USA only, price with units (when installed separately, additional travel charges apply) 1 1 1 1 1 0051 Codonics SLS500-DPTUGD SLS 500i, Year 1, Warranty Upgrade to DPT Swap 1 1 1 1 1 0052 Codonics SLS500-DPT-2 SLS 500i, Year 2, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0053 Codonics SLS500-DPT-3 SLS 500i, Year 3, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0054 Codonics SLS500-DPT-4 SLS 500i, Year 4, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0055 Codonics SLS500-DPT-5 SLS 500i, Year 5, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0056 Codonics SLS500-DPT-6 SLS 500i, Year 6, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0057 Codonics SLS500-DPT-7 SLS 500i, Year 7, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0058 Codonics SLS500-DPT-2-3 SLS 500i, Years 2-3, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0059 Codonics SLS500-DPT-2-4 SLS 500i, Years 2-4, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0060 Codonics SLS500-DPT-2-5 SLS 500i, Years 2-5, DPT Swap Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0061 Codonics SLS500-RTF-2 SLS 500i, Year 2, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0062 Codonics SLS500-RTF-3 SLS 500i, Year 3, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0063 Codonics SLS500 RTF-4 SLS 500i, Year 4, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0064 Codonics SLS500-RTF-5 SLS 500i, Year 5, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0065 Codonics SLS500-RTF-6 SLS 500i, Year 6, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0066 Codonics SLS500-RTF-7 SLS 500i, Year 7, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0067 Codonics SLS500-RTF-2-3 SLS 500i, Years 2-3, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0068 Codonics SLS500-RTF-2-4 SLS 500i, Years 2-4, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0069 Codonics SLS500-RTF-2-5 SLS 500i, Years 2-5, Return-to-Factory Warranty 1 1 1 1 1 0070 Codonics SLS500-AT-E SLS Administration Tool software application, Enterprise License This software application includes multiple modules which enable configuration of the SLS system, preparation of up to 5 SLS formularies per AT instance and updates to the SLS system as required. The Enterprise License provides for licensing within a country for an unlimited number of units within a healthcare network whose constituent buildings and support personnel are technically and contractually related and which chooses to deploy only one AT for all units covered by the Enterprise License. Multiple AT instances and multiple formularies (up to 5 per AT instance) can be supported (see AT License Decision Tree). The system is compatible with Windows 10 and 11, as well as Windows Server 2016, 2019 and 2022.Comes with one SLS500-AT-KIT-##.# * which contains an application CD and documentation. (Note: SLS Administration Tool Accessory Kit or 2D barcode scanner required for barcode data verification.) 1 1 1 1 1 0071 Codonics SLS500-AT-R SLS Administration Tool software application, Regional License - This software application includes multiple modules which enable configuration of the SLS system, preparation of up to 5 SLS formularies per AT instance and updates to the SLS system as required. A Regional License provides for licensing within a region (state, province or prefecture) for an unlimited number of units within a healthcare network whose constituent buildings and support personnel are technically and contractually related and which chooses to deploy only one AT for all units covered by the Regional License. Multiple AT instances and multiple formularies (up to 5 per AT instance) can be supported (see AT License Decision Tree). The system is compatible with Windows 10 and 11, as well as Windows Server 2016, 2019 and 2022.Comes with one SLS500-AT-KIT-##.# * which contains an application CD and documentation. (Note: SLS Administration Tool Accessory Kit or 2D barcode scanner required for barcode data verification.) 1 1 1 1 1 0072 Codonics SLS500-AT-S SLS Administration Tool software application, Site License - This software application includes multiple modules which enable configuration of the SLS system, preparation of up to 5 SLS formularies per AT instance and updates to the SLS system as required. A Site License provides for an unlimited number of units at a healthcare facility whose constituent buildings and support personnel are physically and logistically proximate to each other. Only one AT is deployed for all units covered by the Site License. Multiple AT instances and multiples formularies (up to 5 per AT instance) can be supported (see AT License Decision Tree). The system is compatible with Windows 10 and 11, as well as Windows Server 2016, 2019 and 2022. Comes with one SLS500-AT-KIT-##.# * which contains an application CD and documentation. (Note: SLS Administration Tool Accessory Kit or 2D barcode scanner required for barcode data verification.) 1 1 1 1 1 0073 Codonics SLS500-AT-1 SLS Administration Tool software application, Single System License This software application includes multiple modules which enable configuration of the SLS system, preparation of up to 5 SLS formularies per AT instance and updates to the SLS system as required. Single SLS license allows management of a single SLS system. The system is compatible with Windows 10 and 11, as well as Windows Server 2016, 2019 and 2022. Comes with one SLS500-AT-KIT-##.# * which contains an application CD and documentation. (Note: SLS Administration Tool Accessory Kit or 2D barcode scanner required for barcode data verification.) 1 1 1 1 1 The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is seeking vendors who can provide Codonics SLS as listed above which meet all the following salient characteristics (SC): Vendors may quote any product solution or configuration so long as they meet the SCs. Products quoted in the technical volume must be captured on the Vendor s pricing volume (Attachment A, Price Cost Schedule) of the solicitation. Vendors may quote any additional ancillary products which they deem to be essential to the functionality of the proposed solution; these items must be captured in the Vendor s pricing volume with a quantity of zero. Identify here which CLIN s apply to the following SC s Example: CLIN s 0001-0004 apply to the following SC s SC # SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS METHOD OF EVALUATION SC 1 Must be FDA Class II medical Device Literature Review SC 2 Must have Integrated touch screen display Literature Review SC 3 Must have a 2D barcode scanner capable of reading pharmaceutical labels Literature Review SC 4 Must have color ink jet printer capable of printing syringe compatible labels based upon drug classification Literature Review SC 5 Must be capable of altering medication concentrations based on desired dilution of medication Literature Review SC 6 Must verify scanned medication audibly Literature Review SC 7 Must be capable of operating within VA-approved IT and cybersecurity requirements, either as a standalone system or when connected to VA-approved networks, without requiring prohibited software or external cloud connectivity Literature Review SC 8 System shall support documentation and traceability of medication labeling transactions sufficient to support charge capture workflows, user accountability, audit review and where applicable, 340B ralted recordkeeping requirements. Literature Review SC 9 Must meet the ISMP Guidelines for Safe Medication Use in Perioperative and Procedural Settings Literature Review SC 10 Must meet Anesthesia Patient Safety Foundation (APSF) recommendations Literature Review For each product (brand name and part number), the response must include descriptive literature demonstrating the product meets or exceeds the SCs specified above. The Government"s intent is to include all ancillary items to ensure the equipment can function as designed by the Original Equipment Manufacturer and as clinically required. Vendors are encouraged to provide any product solution or configuration so long as they meet the SCs. Additionally, responses can include any additional product that may be beneficial. These items must be clearly identified by brand name and part number. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice shall include the following: Full name and address of company; Unique Entity Identifier (UEI) number; Business Size; Manufacturer or Distributor; If distributor provide full name, business size and address of manufacturer. Country of Origin designation for all products; Ability to provide uninterrupted supply of products on a national scale; Technical Literature that clearly shows product(s) meet the identified SCs (if submitting an or-equal item); Any additional product solution or configuration that would be beneficial to the clinical functionality of the product line identified. Although not required, vendors responding to this Sources Sought may also submit a Capabilities Statement

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/41278333341946d38e03c85f5aaa6b35/view)