---
layout: default
title: 6515--SYSTEM 9 POWER
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: d7f8644c9c8f489dbd0986481ba3cb89
---

# 6515--SYSTEM 9 POWER

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-10 16:50:51.264-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C26226Q0622
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS REQUEST FOR INFORMATION (RFI) SOURCES SOUGHT IS ISSUED SOLELY FOR MARKET RESEARCH AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE A SOLICITATION 1. Responses to this Sources Sought must be in writing. The purpose of this Sources Sought Announcement is for market research only to make appropriate acquisition decisions and to gain knowledge of Small Businesses, including Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Businesses and Veteran-Owned Small Businesses (SDVOSB/VOSB), who are interested in submitting proposals for this procurement and who are capable of performing the work required for this procurement. 2. The NAICS for this requirement is 339112 Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing 3. The Contractor shall supply, install, configure, and validate a system power 9 product and provide on-going technical support and maintenance services for that installed software product for the Southern Arizona VA Medical Center located in Tucson, Arizona. The required services (installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance for system power 9) shall be provided by the contractor along with all resources necessary to accomplish the deliverables described. 4. Interested and capable Contractors are encouraged to respond to this notice not later than Friday, April 17, 2026 at 03:00 PM PST, by providing the following information via email only to Hanan.Mccullick@va.gov. (a) Company name (b) Address (c) Point of contact (d) Phone, fax, and email of primary point of contact (e) Contractor s Unique Entity ID (SAM) number (f) Type of small business, if applicable, (e.g. Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB), 8(a), HUB-Zone, Woman Owned Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, or Small Business). (g) Statement indicating whether your company is considered small under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI. (h) Statement indicating the product name of the system power 9 product referenced above that you intend to provide for this procurement. (i) Statement indicating whether you are the manufacturer of the system power 9 product that you intend to provide for this procurement. If you intend to provide a system power 9 product manufactured by a company other than your own, state the name of the company whose system power 9 product you intend to provide, the country of origin for the system power 9 product you intend to provide, and whether the company that manufactures that product is a small business under the size standard for the NAICS code identified under this RFI. (j) Statement indicating if you have a current contract to provide the system power 9 product that you intend to provide for this procurement, along with the installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance services required by this procurement, under either the General Services Administration s Federal Supply Schedule or with NAC, NASA SEWP, or any other federal contract. If yes, provide the contract type and contract number, as well as the identity of the federal agency with whom you hold that contract. (k) Statement indicating how many calendar days you estimate it would take you to install, configure, and validate the system power 9 product that you intend to provide for this procurement in a medical center similar to the Tucson VA Medical Center. (l) General pricing for your products/solutions for market research purposes. (m) A capability statement that provides detailed information for one or more reference contracts that demonstrates your experience providing system power 9 that meets the requirements described in the attached DRAFT Statement of Work and demonstrates your experience providing the installation, configuration, validation, support, and maintenance services required by this procurement. GENERAL STATEMENTS OF CAPABILITY ARE NOT ACCEPTABLE. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract the respondent identifies as evidence of the respondent s capability to perform the work required by this procurement. Respondents must provide the following information for each reference contract: (1) the legal name of entity with whom the respondent held the contract; (2) the contract number; (3) a description providing details of the specific tasks the respondent performed under that contract; (4) the dates during which the respondent performed the contract; (5) the name, phone number, and email address of a person at the entity with whom the respondent held the contract who can verify the information the respondent provides regarding this reference contract. If a respondent offers to demonstrate experience through the proposed use of subcontractors, the respondent must identify the legal name of each subcontractor and provide all of the information required above for one or more reference contracts performed by each subcontractor the respondent intends to use. NOTE: The information requested above is required for the Government to evaluate whether there are sufficient small business concerns of a particular type who are capable of performing the work required by this procurement to determine if this procurement should be set aside for a given type of small business concern. FAILURE TO SUBMIT ALL OF THE INFORMATION REQUESTED ABOVE MAY BE VIEWED BY THE GOVERNMENT AS EVIDENCE THAT THE RESPONDENT LACKS THE ABILITY TO PROVIDE THE SYSTEM POWER 9 AND SERVICES REQUIRED BY THIS PROCUREMENT. THIS, IN TURN, MAY AFFECT THE GOVERNMENT S DETERMINATION ABOUT WHETHER THE REQUIREMENTS FOR A SET-ASIDE PROCUREMENT HAVE BEEN MET. 5. All Offerors who provide goods or services to the United States Government must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database found at https://www.sam.gov. Registration must include Representations and Certifications. --End of Sources Sought Announcement-- DISCLAIMER This RFI is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this RFI that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. In accordance with FAR 15.201(e), responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this RFI. SCHEDULE OF SUPPLIES: SALIENT CHARACTERISTICS: Item: Dual Trigger Rotary Drill Handpiece Must have a Function Switch that locks one or both of the triggers. Must have a Shift Collar that sets the speed and torque Must have a Attachment Collar that retains the attachment in the handpiece Must have a Reverse Trigger that controls the variable speed of the operation of the handpiece in counterclockwise direction. Must have a Forward Trigger that controls the variable speed of the operation of the handpiece n a clockwise direction. Item: Sagital Saw Must have a Function Switch that sets the speed or locks the trigger Must have a Blade Mount that retains the blade in the handpiece Must have a Center Pin that engages with the blade to secure the blade in the blade mount Must have a Blade Mount Lever that unlocks the blade mount to allow installation of the blade Must have a Index Button that allows the blade mount to be indexed in 45-degree increments to achieve the desired cutting angle Must have a Trigger that controls variable speed operation of the handpiece Item: Reciprocating Saw Must have Function Switch that sets the speed or locks the trigger Must have a Blade Collar that retains the blade in the handpiece Must have a Trigger that controls variable speed operations of the handpiece

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Hanan McCullick
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: Hanan.Mccullick@va.gov
  - Phone: 562-766-2234

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: that retains the attachment in the handpiece Must have a Reverse Trigger that controls the variable speed of the operation of the handpiece in counterclockwise direction. Must have a Forward Trigger that controls the variable speed of the operation of the handpiece n a clockwise direction. Item: Sagital Saw Must have a Function Switch that sets the speed or locks the trigger Must have a Blade Mount that retains the blade in the handpiece Must have a Center Pin that engages with the blade to secure the blade in the blade mount Must have a Blade Mount Lever that unlocks the blade mount to allow installation of the blade Must have a Index Button that allows the blade mount to be indexed in 45-degree increments to achieve the desired cutting angle Must have a Trigger that controls variable speed operation of the handpiece Item: Reciprocating Saw Must have Function Switch that sets the speed or locks the trigger Must have a Blade Collar that retains the blade in the handpiece Must have a Trigger that controls variable speed operations of the handpiece

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/d7f8644c9c8f489dbd0986481ba3cb89/view)