---
layout: default
title: 1232SA26Q0410 Combination Synopsis/Solicitation for Carpet Replacement USDA-ARS-MWA Madison WI
agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 68674fdf35184c46afcaabc4afaae16b
---

# 1232SA26Q0410 Combination Synopsis/Solicitation for Carpet Replacement USDA-ARS-MWA Madison WI

- Agency: AGRICULTURE, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-02 12:46:59.225-04
- Solicitation Number: 1232SA26Q0410

## Summary

This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in FAR Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Quotations are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number 1232SA26Q0410 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) for CCRU Facility Carpet Replacement for the USDA-ARS-MWA Cereal Crops Research Unit in Madison WI 53726. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns. The applicable North American Industry Classification Standard Code is 238330 The small business size standard is $19M This acquisition is a Total Small Business Set-Aside. All responsible sources may submit a quotation which will be considered by the agency. Statement of Requirement The USDA ARS Cereal Crops Research Unit (CCRU) Facility, 502 Walnut Street, Madison, WI 53726, has a requirement to remodel eighteen (18) rooms and one hallway portion with new, updated carpet installation and flooring wall trim. The carpeting and associated wall trim of these offices shall be removed and replaced with new carpet and trim, as described herein. Existing carpet installation(s) and associated wall trim are provided in both the offices and closets. All demolished material generated by the scope of this work shall be removed from the CCRU facility and shall be legally disposed of by the contractor and all costs for legal disposal shall be included in the offeror’s quotation.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Theodore Blume
  - Email: Theodore.Blume@usda.gov

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/68674fdf35184c46afcaabc4afaae16b/view)