---
layout: default
title: Building 10854 AllSteel Bulk Storage
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 4b6081f3afbb4cec9cf02d571235f6cc
---

# Building 10854 AllSteel Bulk Storage

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-04-16 12:42:27.892-04
- Solicitation Number: FA860126Q0035

## Summary

Combined Synopsis/Solicitation AFLCMC/PZI Installation Contracting Support Wright Patterson AFB, OH 45433 Date: 16 April 26 Title: Building 10854 Bulk Storage Request for Quote (RFQ) / Solicitation Number: FA860126Q0035 Quotes Due: 1 May 2026 at 12:00 PM EST Contact Point(s): Kelly Curiel, Contract Specialist; kelly.curiel@us.af.mil Contact Point(s): Linh Jameson, Contracting Officer; linh.jameson@us.af.mil Description: This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial products or commercial services prepared in accordance with RFO Part 12. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation. Offers are being requested and a separate written solicitation will not be issued. Solicitation number FA860126Q0035 is issued as a Request for Quotation (RFQ) for AllSteel branded bulk storage for Wright Patterson AFB, Building 10854. This acquisition is set-aside for small business concerns under NAICS code 337214 – Office Furniture (except Wood) Manufacturing with a small business size of 1,100 employees. This solicitation incorporates provisions and clauses by reference. The full text of provisions and clauses may be accessed electronically at www.acquisition.gov. The Government reserves the right to conduct interchanges with some, none, or all offerors, or make no award at all depending upon: 1) the quality of quotations received, and 2) whether proposed prices are determined to be fair and reasonable. The Government also reserves the right to cancel this solicitation, either before or after the closing date. 1. Requirement: This requirement is for AllSteel branded bulk storage in accordance with the Statement of Work (SOW). CLIN SUPPLIES QUANTITY UNIT 0001 ST1: 2-Drawer Lateral File 36”W 16 EACH 0002 ST2: 2-Drawer Lateral File 42”W 10 EACH 0003 ST3: 4-Drawer Lateral File 36”W 2 EACH 0004 ST4: 5-Drawer Lateral File 42”W 1 EACH 0005 ST5: Combination Cabinet 1 EACH 0006 ST6: Storage Cabinet 28”H 24 EACH 0007 ST7: Storage Cabinet 39”H 2 EACH 0008 ST8: Storage Cabinet 65”H 3 EACH 0009 ST9: Bookcase 2 EACH 0010 T1: Laminate Common Top 20 EACH 0011 Design 1 EACH 0012 Freight, Receiving, Delivery & Installation 1 EACH 2. Period of Performance: The delivery is required within 60 days after receipt of order (ARO) to Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio. 3. Provisions and Clauses: See solicitation attachment for applicable provisions and clauses that apply to this acquisition. Offerors shall complete and include in quotations all representations and certifications, as well as all fill-in provisions and clauses, contained within this solicitation. Additionally, quotations that contain pricing only with no description/detail of the equipment that will be provided will not be accepted or considered for award. NOTE: In accordance with deviation R-DFARS 252.204-7998(g), the offeror's quote submission legally binds and certifies that its SAM registration is current, complete, accurate, and has been updated within the preceding 12 months as of the offer's date. 4. Request for Information (RFIs): The Government will accept questions concerning this solicitation until 24 Apr 2026 at 12:00 PM EST. Email your questions on a .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx document to kelly.curiel@us.af.mil and linh.jameson@us.af.mil. Any questions received after this date and time may not be considered. 5. Quotes Due Date: Quotes must be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist via e-mail at kelly.curiel@us.af.mil and Contracting Officer at linh.jameson@us.af.mil. Quotes must conform to the requirements of this solicitation and be received no later than 1 May 2026 at 12:00 PM EST. It is the responsibility of the offeror to ensure that the quote and its attachments are received. Any correspondence sent via e-mail must contain the subject line “FA860126Q0035 – Building 10854 Bulk Storage” The entire quotation must be contained in a single e-mail that does not exceed 5 megabytes including attachments, if any. E-mails with compressed files are not permitted. Note that e-mail filters at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base are designed to filter e-mails without subject lines or with suspicious subject lines or contents (i.e., .exe or .zip files). Therefore, if the specified subject line is not included, the e-mail may not get through the e-mail filters. Also be advised that .zip or .exe files are not allowable attachments and may be deleted by the email filters at Wright-Patterson. If sending attachments with email, ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx documents are sent. The email filter may delete any other form of attachments. If a DoDSafe drop off is needed, please notify the contract specialist or contracting officer at least 48 hours before quotes are due. Any quotes received after designated closing date and time need not be considered. Quotes must include aggregate total of base plus all option year CLINS, if requested (IAW RFO 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options). All quotes shall be in whole dollars and conform to the Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) structure of attached solicitation. 6. Notice to Vendor(s): All vendors must fully complete and return the 'Required Information Sheet' (attached to the solicitation) and return with their quotation. Additionally, quotations that contain pricing only with no description/detail of the supply/service that will be provided will not be accepted or considered for award. 7. Tariffs: In accordance with R-DFARS 252.225-7013, the contractor is prohibited from including any amount for customs duties on eligible items within the quote price. The claim for duty-free entry is restricted to supplies destined for government use, either as end items or as components thereof. The Government will provide assistance in the process of obtaining duty-free entry. 8. Period of Acceptance of Quotes: Offeror agrees to hold prices in its quote firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. 9. SAM Registration: Firms submitting a quote for the solicitation described herein, MUST be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database, or risk the quote as being non-responsive, regardless of the package being considered complete, timely or any other salient consideration. Information to register on SAM can be found at the web site, SAM.gov. List of Attachments: Solicitation Statement of Work Brand Name Justification Building 10854 Bulk Storage – Furniture Plans Building 10854 Bulk Storage – Furniture Cutsheets REQUIRED INFORMATION SHEET: (All vendors must complete and return this sheet with quote submission.) Shipping/transportation will be FOB: Destination Manufacturers End Product Country of Origin (Supplies Only):______________________ Pricing Quoted: ____________________________ Payment Terms: ______________ Delivery Date: ________________ Company Name (as registered in SAM): __________________________ Company Location: ___________________________________________ UEI: ________________ CAGE: ________________ POC: _________________Telephone: _______________ E-Mail: ________________________________ Warranty Information: _________________________________________________________

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Kelly Curiel
  - Email: kelly.curiel@us.af.mil
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Linh Jameson
  - Email: linh.jameson@us.af.mil

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: applicable provisions and clauses that apply to this acquisition. Offerors shall complete and include in quotations all representations and certifications, as well as all fill-in provisions and clauses, contained within this solicitation. Additionally, quotations that contain pricing only with no description/detail of the equipment that will be provided will not be accepted or considered for award. NOTE: In accordance with deviation R-DFARS 252.204-7998(g), the offeror"s quote submission legally binds and certifies that its SAM registration is current, complete, accurate, and has been updated within the preceding 12 months as of the offer"s date. 4. Request for Information (RFIs): The Government will accept questions concerning this solicitation until 24 Apr 2026 at 12:00 PM EST. Email your questions on a .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx document to kelly.curiel@us.af.mil and linh.jameson@us.af.mil. Any questions received after this date and time may not be considered. 5. Quotes Due Date: Quotes must be submitted electronically to the Contract Specialist via e-mail at kelly.curiel@us.af.mil and Contracting Officer at linh.jameson@us.af.mil. Quotes must conform to the requirements of this solicitation and be received no later than 1 May 2026 at 12:00 PM EST. It is the responsibility of the offeror to ensure that the quote and its attachments are received. Any correspondence sent via e-mail must contain the subject line “FA860126Q0035 – Building 10854 Bulk Storage” The entire quotation must be contained in a single e-mail that does not exceed 5 megabytes including attachments, if any. E-mails with compressed files are not permitted. Note that e-mail filters at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base are designed to filter e-mails without subject lines or with suspicious subject lines or contents (i.e., .exe or .zip files). Therefore, if the specified subject line is not included, the e-mail may not get through the e-mail filters. Also be advised that .zip or .exe files are not allowable attachments and may be deleted by the email filters at Wright-Patterson. If sending attachments with email, ensure only .pdf, .doc, .docx, .xls or .xlsx documents are sent. The email filter may delete any other form of attachments. If a DoDSafe drop off is needed, please notify the contract specialist or contracting officer at least 48 hours before quotes are due. Any quotes received after designated closing date and time need not be considered. Quotes must include aggregate total of base plus all option year CLINS, if requested (IAW RFO 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options). All quotes shall be in whole dollars and conform to the Contract Line-Item Number (CLIN) structure of attached solicitation. 6. Notice to Vendor(s): All vendors must fully complete and return the "Required Information Sheet" (attached to the solicitation) and return with their quotation. Additionally, quotations that contain pricing only with no description/detail of the supply/service that will be provided will not be accepted or considered for award. 7. Tariffs: In accordance with R-DFARS 252.225-7013, the contractor is prohibited from including any amount for customs duties on eligible items within the quote price. The claim for duty-free entry is restricted to supplies destined for government use, either as end items or as components thereof. The Government will provide assistance in the process of obtaining duty-free entry. 8. Period of Acceptance of Quotes: Offeror agrees to hold prices in its quote firm for 60 calendar days from the date specified for receipt of offers. 9. SAM Registration: Firms submitting a quote for the solicitation described herein, MUST be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) database, or risk the quote as being non-responsive, regardless of the package being considered complete, timely or any other salient consideration. Information to register on SAM can be found at the web site, SAM.gov. List of Attachments: Solicitation Statement of Work Brand Name Justification Building 10854 Bulk Storage – Furniture Plans Building 10854 Bulk Storage – Furniture Cutsheets REQUIRED INFORMATION SHEET: (All vendors must complete and return this sheet with quote submission.) Shipping/transportation will be FOB: Destination Manufacturers End Product Country of Origin (Supplies Only):______________________ Pricing Quoted: ____________________________ Payment Terms: ______________ Delivery Date: ________________ Company Name (as registered in SAM): __________________________ Company Location: ___________________________________________ UEI: ________________ CAGE: ________________ POC: _________________Telephone: _______________ E-Mail: ________________________________ Warranty Information: _________________________________________________________

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/4b6081f3afbb4cec9cf02d571235f6cc/view)