---
layout: default
title: D--NKAO Telephone Service
agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: cbf4bc2b531d4968b20fb94337a31017
---

# D--NKAO Telephone Service

- Agency: INTERIOR, DEPARTMENT OF THE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-21 16:11:44.231-04
- Solicitation Number: 140R6026Q0062

## Summary

NOTICE: THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION, BUT RATHER A SOURCES SOUGHT SYNOPSIS TO DETERMINE POTENTIAL SOURCES FOR INFORMATION AND PLANNING PURPOSES ONLY. NO FORMAL SOLICITATION FOR THIS WORK EXISTS AT THIS TIME. The Bureau of Reclamation, Missouri Basin Region, is currently conducting market research in accordance with FAR Part 10 for preliminary planning to determine if this project is appropriate for a Small Business Set-Aside Category, as a Request for Quote (RFQ), Firm Fixed Price (FFP). The NAICS code for this requirement is 517112 Wireless Telecommunications Carriers (except Satellite). BACKGROUND The Bureau of Reclamations Nebraska Kansas Area Office has facilities in Kansas and Nebraska. The facilities require the local and long-distance telecommunications services to meet mission needs and/or requirements. The purpose of this Sources Sought is to research the viability of one carrier providing service and support to all facility locations. SCOPE OF WORK: The scope of this requirement includes all necessary labor, equipment, and materials to provide wireless local and long-distance telecommunication services at nine locations within the states of Nebraska and Kansas. The facilities utilize 108 business lines with average monthly calls ranging from 150-400 minutes per month. In some instances, the services are required at outlaying locations in rural areas. All existing telephone numbers must remain the same. Current Local Phone numbers CANNOT be changed from their current telephone number. All numbers have been confirmed as portable or trunkable by providers. The contractor shall provide support 24 hours per day, 7 days per week, 365 days per year. In addition, the contractor shall assist with technical support and/or consultation for the service and any associated hardware. Location(s): Cambridge, NE (Frontier County); Wakeeney, KS (Trego County); Stockton, KS (Rooks County); Glen Elder, KS (Mitchell County); McCook, NE (Frontier County); Norton, KS (Norton County); Trenton, NE (Hitchcock County); Mankato, KS (Jewell County) REQUESTED INFORMATION Interested parties are requested to respond with the following data: Administrative Data: - Company Name, Unique Entity ID (UEI), mailing address, phone number, and e-mail of designated point of contact. - Information regarding business size and/or socioeconomic designation (HUBZone, 8(a), SDB, WOSB, SDVOSB, ISBEE, IEE). - A statement of interest and capabilities information. Capability information should include licensing, bonding, insurance, and past experience. Submission: Responses shall be submitted no later than May 5, 2026, 1:00 PM (13:00)(MDT). All responses shall identify the subject of the communication as NKAO Telephone Services SS/RFI Response (Insert Company Name) Responses shall be submitted via electronic mail to the Contracting Specialists: Monte Baird at monte_baird@ios.doi.gov. Any responses after the due date and time will not be accepted. QUESTIONS Questions regarding this Sources Sought/Request for Information shall be submitted in writing, through e-mail, to the Contracting Specialists, no later than April 28, 2026, 11:00 AM (11:00) (MDT). Verbal questions will NOT be accepted. DISCLAIMER: This Sources Sought Notice is for Market Research and planning purposes only in accordance with FAR Part 10 and shall not be considered as a Request for Proposals (RFP), Request for Quote (RFQ), Invitation for Bid (IFB) or as an obligation on the part of the Government to acquire any services. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice shall not serve as proposals, bids, or offers, which could be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. The Bureau of Reclamation will not accept unsolicited proposals related to the subject of this Sources Sought Notice. The responder must clearly identify any information it considers sensitive or proprietary. All information received in response to this Sources Sought Notice that is marked "Proprietary" will be handled accordingly. Proprietary information, if any, should be minimized and MUST BE CLEARLY MARKED. To aid the Government, please segregate proprietary information. Responses to this Sources Sought Notice will not be returned. Respondents are solely responsible for all expenses associated and incurred by responding to this Sources Sought Notice: The Government does not require any cost for participating in this Market Research and Sources Sought. The Government reserves the right to determine how it should proceed as a result of this notice. An important outcome of this research will be the determination to consider if this can be acquisitioned as a Small Business Set aside, and the competitive set aside category in accordance with (IAW) FAR 19.201(a). The Government is interested in all socioeconomic contracting programs (i.e. Native American/Indian-Owned Businesses, 8(a), Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned, HUBZone, and Women-Owned Small Business concerns). The Government requests that interested parties respond to this notice with capabilities and identify your small business status with respect to the identified NAICS code. The Bureau of Reclamation is seeking industry information and comments from sources with the capability to meet the requirements. Offerors are advised that providing a capabilities statement will not automatically include the offeror in any future portion of the acquisition process or be considered a response to forthcoming solicitation. Not responding to this Sources Sought/Request for Information does not preclude participation in any future RFQ, if any is issued. If a solicitation is released, it will be posted on the System for Award Management (SAM.gov). It is the responsibility of the interested parties to monitor these sites for the possibility of additional information pertaining to this requirement.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Baird, Monte
  - Email: monte_baird@ios.doi.gov
  - Phone: 4062477805

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/cbf4bc2b531d4968b20fb94337a31017/view)