---
layout: default
title: Marine Corps Prepositioning Program (MCPP) Industry Day Notification
agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: afae6bf4cc2540e3ad6b3778e1a572dd
---

# Marine Corps Prepositioning Program (MCPP) Industry Day Notification

- Agency: DEPT OF DEFENSE
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-04-16 16:31:36.732-04
- Solicitation Number: M6700425R1301

## Summary

UPDATE AS OF 16 APRIL 2026 SOLICITATION POSTING NOTICE Marine Corps Prepositioning Program (MCPP) II Solicitation No. M67004-26-R-0007 The Government hereby notifies industry that the MCPP II solicitation has been posted and is available via the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) Solicitation Module at the following link: https://piee.eb.mil/sol/xhtml/unauth/search/oppMgmtLink.xhtml?noticeId=M6700426R0007¬iceType=SolicitationNotice All proposals shall be submitted through PIEE no later than 10 July 2026 at 1500 Eastern Standard Time (EST). Late submissions shall not be considered. The Government appreciates industry’s continued interest in the MCPP II requirement and looks forward to receiving your proposals. ____________________________________________________________________ Update as of 10 April 2026: NOTICE OF SOLICITATION POSTING DELAY Marine Corps Prepositioning Program (MCPP) II Solicitation No. M67004-26-R-0007 The Government hereby notifies industry that the posting of the subject MCPP II solicitation has been delayed due to technical issues. The Government now anticipates that the solicitation will be posted between 15 April 2026 and 22 April 2026 and closing on or about 10 July 2026. These dates are subject to change based on ongoing acquisition planning activities. The solicitation will be issued via the Procurement Integrated Enterprise Environment (PIEE) Solicitation Module, which will also be utilized for the submission of all proposals. Upon release, this SAM.gov notice will be updated to include the applicable PIEE solicitation posting information and access instructions. Industry partners are encouraged to continue monitoring this SAM.gov notice for additional updates and further guidance. The Government appreciates industry’s continued interest in the MCPP II requirement and thanks you for your patience and understanding during this delay. ___________________________________________________________ Update as of 20 Feb 2026: The Government is providing an update to the anticipated Marine Corps Prepositioning Program (MCPP) solicitation and proposal due dates. The solicitation was originally planned for release on 26 February 2026 with a closing date of 24 June 2026. The Government now anticipates issuing the solicitation on or about 08 April 2026 and closing on or about 01 July 2026. These dates are subject to change based on ongoing acquisition planning activities. The Government appreciates industry’s continued interest and engagement in the MCPP requirement and values the time and resources expended in support of this effort. Please continue to monitor this posting for updates. ________________________________________________________________________________ Update as of 24 Sep 2025: FOR ACTION: Request for Feedback on NAICS Code Update. The NAICS classification has been updated from 811310 to 561210 FACILITIES SUPPORT SERVICES to better reflect current industry practices. We are seeking stakeholder input to assess the impact of this change. Please complete the brief form linked below by 1 OCT 2025: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/QjFVe1uJwE. Your feedback will inform future improvements. Thank you for your time and expertise. Additional questions and answers that were received and answered after the Industry Day are being posted. Please see the below attachment titled: MCPP Question and Answers Part 2 dated 9.24.25 Additional questions and answers will be added as they are completed. Please keep monitoring this posting for updates. Update as of 22 August 2025: Additional questions and answers that were recieved and answered after the Industry Day are being posted. Please see the below attachment titled: MCPP Question and Answers Part 1 dtd 8.22.25 Additional questions and answers will be added as they are completed. Please keep monitoring this posting for updates. Update as of 25 July 2025: The slide deck with speaker notes along with some of the questions and answers that were recieved at the MCPP II Industry Day event have been added to the uploaded documents. Additional questions and answers will be added as they are completed. Please keep monitoring this posting for updates. Update as of 18 JUNE 2025: Due to high participation, One-on-One briefings will be held over two days, from 24–25 June 2025. A tentative schedule is provided below for planning purposes. June 24, 2025 1:00 - 1:20, Akima Facilities Operations, LLC 1:25 - 1:45, V2X 1:50 - 2:10, Crowley Government Services Inc. 2:15 - 2:35, KBR 2:35 - 3:00, BREAK 3:00 - 3:20, TRAX International 3:25 - 3:45, Leidos 3:50 - 4:10, Amentum 4:15 - 4:35, Virtus 9 4:40 - 5:00, Huntington Ingalls Industries - Mission Technologies Corp. (HII MTC) June 25, 2025 9:00 - 9:20, Anglicotech LLC 9:25 - 9:45, Booz Allen 9:50 - 10:10, Greenlight Group LLC 10:10 - 10:30, BREAK 10:30 - 10:50, AAR Corp 10:55 - 11:15, SERRATO CORPORATION 11:20 - 11:40, Group Eleven International Gen. Trading Co. W.L.L. 11:40 - 1:00, LUNCH 1:00 - 1:20, RJY Group, LLC 1:25 - 1:45, Tennant Enterprises LLC 1:50 - 2:10, JMA Wireless, Inc. 2:15 - 2:35, Technica LLC 2:40 - 3:00, The Logistics Company, Inc. Given the high interest in the guided tour and limited capacity, each company listed below may designate one representative to attend. Should any cancellations or no-shows occur, additional spots may become available. A standby list is provided below and will be used to fill openings on a first-come, first-served basis. Guided Tour: (Only One Representative per Company) AAR Corp Akima Facilities Operations, LLC Almas International Company Amentum American Roll-On Roll-Off Carrier Group, Inc Anglicotech LLC Belcan Engineering Group, LLC BOEING AEROSPACE OPERATIONS, INC. Booz Allen Bowhead C2D Petroleum, LLC CAFHE, LLC CGI Federal Chickasaw Aerospace Claxton Logistics Crestron Electronics Inc. Crowley Government Services Inc. DAK Resources Inc DAV-Force, Inc. Deltek Evolution Motion Solutions Florida APEX Accelerator Gemini Tech Services, LLC Google Public Sector Services (GPSS) Greenlight Group LLC Group Eleven International Gen. Trading Co. W.L.L. Huntington Ingalls Industries - Mission Technologies Corp. (HII MTC) HURICANE CONSULTING INC. JMA Wireless, Inc. KBR L&C Protec Inc dba Cocoon Inc. Leidos LNO, Inc. Lohfeld Consulting Group LSI MacArtney Inc. Malkasian NGS (a member of The Tote Group & Saltchuk Family of Companies) Oshkosh Defense, LLC RJY Group, LLC Serco SERRATO CORPORATION SHARKCAGE INC SteerBridge Strategies, LLC Technica LLC Tennant Enterprises LLC The Logistics Company, Inc. TRAX International V2X Virtus 9 VSS Logistics XFS Global Stand-By List: Professional Analysis, Inc. RyMar Inc. Salmon Group Inc. Sentinel Group LLC Titan Specialized Services, Inc. Vantage International Reminder: No phones, recording or photography will be allowed. Phones will be required be placed in a bin at the front door of the briefing room. If your company needs to cancel its participation, please send your cancellation notice to: roussell.gober@usmc.mil BREAK-----BREAK-----BREAK Subject: Industry Day Registration Now Closed – MCPP Logistics Services Draft RFP The United States Marine Corps (USMC) announces that registration for the Marine Corps Prepositioning Program (MCPP) Industry Day scheduled for 24 June 2025 is now closed. Due to capacity limitations and security processing requirements, no additional registrations will be accepted at this time. Industry Day will proceed as scheduled aboard the Blount Island Command Installation in Jacksonville, Florida. All previously confirmed registrants will receive additional coordination details via email, including base access and participation instructions. Only registered participants will be granted access to the event and guided site tour; substitutions will not be permitted. Contractors who were unable to register or attend in person are strongly encouraged to: Review the Draft Request for Proposal (RFP) and all related materials posted incrementally to SAM.gov. Submit feedback and responses to Government questions via the following link no later than 0800 EDT, 2 July 2025: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/aqebjqnX2S Presentation materials from the Industry Day will be made available on SAM.gov within five business days following the event. This notification does not constitute a Request for Proposal and participation in Industry Day is not required to respond to any future solicitation. The USMC appreciates your continued interest and engagement in support of the Marine Corps Prepositioning Program. For further questions, please contact: Ms. Roussell Gober, Contract Specialist, at roussell.gober@usmc.mil Mr. Timothy L. Rivers, Contracting Officer, at timothy.l.rivers@usmc.mil The United States Marine Corps (USMC) is releasing the Draft Request for Proposal (RFP) for the Marine Corps Prepositioning Programs Logistics Services Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity contract for industry review and feedback. This draft RFP is being issued solely to solicit feedback from industry. Interested parties are encouraged to review the questions from the Government to Industry posted to SAM.GOV and provide responses by July 2, 2025, along with any comments on the draft RFP, using the following link https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/aqebjqnX2S. Please note that this is not a request for proposals at this time, and no submissions will be considered as such. Only the formal solicitation, once released, should be relied upon for the Government’s official requirements. An Industry Day is scheduled for Tuesday, June 24, 2025, aboard the Blount Island Command Installation located in Jacksonville, FL; please refer to the instructions below for company registration and attendance limitations. The Government will be posting the required contract attachments incrementally over the next several weeks. A list of questions from the Government to Industry is attached. To maximize the amount of competition and open the lines of communication with Industry. The United States Marine Corps (USMC) Prepositioning Program (MCPP) is planning to conduct an Industry Day to provide opportunities for industry to learn about the MCPP and the specific management and operating needs to execute this program through contract services. The Government anticipates providing a draft Request for Proposal (RFP) on 19 May 2025 via a separate notice and the Government will update this posting once the RFP has been posted. This is a special notice that is specific to the US Marine Corps, Blount Island Command, Jacksonville, Florida for the upcoming requirement for Logistics Support Services at Marine Corps Support Facility Blount Island, Jacksonville, Florida and other worldwide locations. Background: The MCPP is designed to respond to unknown threats under emerging crisis scenarios across the full Range of Military Operations. To provide global coverage the USMC relies on its Strategic Prepositioning Program (SPP) as the primary crisis response enabler. The Marine Corps' SPP consists of maritime and ashore efforts, which provide Geographic Combatant Commanders (GCC) the combat capability sets comprised of equipment and supplies necessary to provide 30 days of support for multiple types of Marine Air-Ground Task Forces up to and including a Marine Expeditionary Brigade (roughly 16,000 Marines and Sailors each) for those crises and contingencies that range from major combat operations to Humanitarian Assistance/Disaster Relief. Central to this operational deployment methodology and a major component of the Marine Corps' SPP is the requirement for specialized combat-readiness logistics services which are achieved through the MCPP contract located at Blount Island Command (BICmd) in Jacksonville, Florida. The MCPP consists of three functional segments: Maritime Prepositioning Force which includes Maritime Prepositioning Ships (MPS); Marine Corps Prepositioning Program-Norway (MCPP-N); and Global Prepositioning Network. MPSs rotate one at a time, through BICmd aboard the Marine Corps Support Facility-Blount Island (MCSF-BI) in Jacksonville, Florida. Once offloaded the contractor performs the full range of sustainment, refurbishment, replenishment and specialized preservation logistics services to ensure the combat readiness of equipment and supplies for long-term storage. This contractual effort is focused on providing the GCC with the means to operate independently in an expeditionary environment for 30 days of sustained combat. Prior to re-embarkation aboard their respective MPS or deployment to ashore sites the contractor will regain custody of the equipment and supplies to back-load aboard each MPS and provide Care of Supplies in Storage for this materiel while forward deployed in their respective assigned Area of Responsibility. The MCPP is a cornerstone of the Commandant of the Marine Corps’ Force Design 2025. The last CHINFO posting: KBRwyle Technology Solutions LLC, Columbia, Maryland, is awarded a $530,375,543 firm-fixed-price, cost-plus-fixed fee, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for Marine Corps Prepositioning Program logistics services in support of Blount Island Command. This contract provides for a full range of logistics support services to include maintenance of equipment and materiel management such that required assets are attained, preserved, packaged, and available in support of the Marine Corps Prepositioning Program and deployed forces world-wide. This contract includes options which, if exercised, would bring the cumulative value of this contract to $949,423,564. Work will be performed in Jacksonville, Florida (83 percent); Kuwait (9 percent); aboard 12 Maritime Prepositioning Ships (7 percent); and Norway (1 percent) and is expected to be completed by May 2024. If all options are exercised, work will continue through November 2027. No funds will be obligated at the time of award; funds will be obligated on individual task orders as they are issued. This contract was competitively solicited and procured via the Federal Business Opportunities website, with two offers received. The U.S. Marine Corps, Blount Island Command, Jacksonville, Florida, is the contracting activity (M67004-19-D-0001). Industry Day Information: The purpose of the Industry Day is to allow contractors the opportunity to inspect the site of where the services will be performed to be better able to relate to the SOW requirements. The site visit, in conjunction with the work requirements identified in the SOW, should provide contractors a detailed understanding of the requirement. The Industry Day will be held at Blount Island Command, 5680 Channel View Blvd., Bldg. 109 - Police Station Emergency Operations Center (EOC), Jacksonville, Florida 32226. The NAICS code for this work is anticipated to be 811310. The Product Service Code is anticipated to be R706, Logistics Support Services. An Industry Day and site visit are scheduled for 0900-1600 hours (Eastern Time, USA) on 24 June 2025. All interested firms wishing to attend the Industry Day and site visit are required to register by submitting the name of all attendees by noon (Eastern Time, USA) on 11 June 2025 to the attention of; Ms. Roussell Gober, Contract Specialist, roussell.gober@usmc.mil and Mr. Timothy L. Rivers, Contracting Officer, at timothy.l.rivers@usmc.mil. Telephonic inquiries will not be accepted. Registration will be based on a first come, first served basis. All briefings of the Industry Day will be posted. Contractors are to assemble outside Building 109 at least 15 minutes prior to the start of the Industry Day, where a Government representative will be available to escort participants to the appropriate location(s). All vendors are required to submit: (1) Contractors planning to attend the Industry Day must submit their request to attend the Industry Day, including names of company and individual’s attending, even if base access is not required. This is in order to ensure there are reasonable accommodations for all during the site visit. (2) Contractors planning to attend the site visit must submit requests for access as follows: (i) Access to Blount Island, Jacksonville FL: For security purposes, contractors wishing to visit the BICmd facility are required to provide a letter requesting access. The letter should be on official company/activity letterhead and must be signed by an official of the requesting organization (other than the visitor). BICmd visit requests must include the following information: • Name of Visitor (Last, First, MI) • Date and Place of Birth • Proof of Citizenship (requests from non-U.S. citizens must be accompanied by legible copies (front and back) of work card showing expiration date. • BICmd point of contact and telephone number (Timothy L. Rivers, 904-696-5360) • Date and duration of visit (24 June 2025, One (1) day) • Company telephone (3) Visit request must be submitted via e-mail to timothy.l.rivers@usmc.mil by 12:00 PM EDT on 11 June 2025. (4) Although a security clearance is not required for the site visit, all contractor representatives must be U.S. citizens and will be required to furnish a valid driver’s license or other generally acceptable form of picture identification for issuance of a visitors pass allowing for entrance into the facility. All vehicles entering the installation must have a valid registration and insurance documentation or current rental agreement. Substitution of personnel is not allowed. (5) Additional information regarding access to BICmd is available by phone at 904-636-3806/3809. Failure to submit the proper visit request information may result in denial of access to the facility. Additional site visits will not be scheduled as a result of such failure. The Marine Corps Support Facility Blount Island (MCSF-BI) main gate is located off Heckscher Drive to the immediate left just after crossing the causeway that accesses Blount Island. MCSF-BI occupies the eastern half of Blount Island and is collocated with the Jacksonville Port Authority (JaxPort) who owns the western half of the Island. Visitors are required to check-in at the visitor’s center adjacent to the main gate. Once through the Main Gate, proceed to Building 109. Directions from the main gate to Building 109 are available upon request at the visitor’s center. Participants should allow at least one hour for check-in at the main gate and travel to the Blount Island location. The Industry Day will begin in Building 109 promptly at 09:00 AM EDT. Participants arriving late will NOT be included in the Industry Day. Questions/Feedback The following link hereby replaces Attachment II (MCPP Industry Day Questions) of the MCPP Industry Day Notification previously published on SAM.gov on/about 28 May 2025. The Government aims to review and respond to as many questions as possible and provide feedback during and after the MCPP Industry Day on 24 June 2025. To facilitate this, contractors must submit their questions or feedback using the provided link no later than 8:00 AM on 2 JULY 2025. Link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/aqebjqnX2S. Select information (Company, Name, Title, Phone Number, and Email) may be published in System for Award Management (SAM) following the meeting. This Industry Day event is open to all interested parties. Due to space limitations, no more than three representatives from each prime and sub-contractor will be permitted to attend the briefings and only two of the three will be allowed to participate in the guided tour of Blount Island. Once you have recieved confirmation as a registered participant in the MCPP Industry Day on 24 June 2025, a company representative must answer the questions at https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/YXkrKcP2ff no later than close of business 17 JUNE 2025. NOTE: One response required per company regardless of previous registration or coordination with the Government. The Government does not anticipate providing opportunities for virtual Industry Day attendance. Attendance at the scheduled Industry Day and any discussions/release of information is strictly voluntary. The Government will not pay for any information provided or costs associated with travel to the Industry Day. If your company is interested in this Industry Day and the resultant logistical support services solicitation/contract; it is advised that you monitor the SAM website at https://sam.gov/. Neither the planning nor the establishment of an Industry Day constitutes an Invitation for Bid, an RFP, or a Request for Quote. No RFP documents exist currently. Participation in this Industry Day, as well as current and/or follow-on Requests for Information, is neither mandatory nor is it a requisite to future participation by a contractor in any future contract RFP. This announcement is for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation, nor is it to be construed as a commitment by the Government to conduct business nor to publish a solicitation. The Government will not pay for any effort expended in responding to this notice, nor will the Government accept proposals because of this announcement. If you have any questions regarding this announcement, please contact via email Ms. Roussell Gober, Contract Specialist, at roussell.gober@usmc.mil. Please see the tentative Industry Day Agenda below. Presentations made at Industry Day will be posted to the SAM website (https://sam.gov/) within five business days after the event. Tentative INDUSTRY DAY AGENDA UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS PREPOSITIONING PROGRAM -LOGISTICS SUPPORT SERVICES JUNE 24, 2025 8:00 am - 9:00 am Check-In 9:00 am – 10:30 am MCPP II Brief 10:30 am – 10:45 am Break 10:45 am - 11:00 am Move to Bus 11:00 am - 12:30 pm Guided Tour 12:30 am – 1:00 pm Lunch 1:00 pm – 4:00 pm One-On-One Sessions to Provide Capability Briefs (Only Prime Contractors will be allowed to present Capability Briefs and each brief is limited to 20 minutes) NOTE: If interested a company representative must answer the questions at https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/YXkrKcP2ff no later than close of business 17 JUNE 2025 (All questions are to be followed up in writing to the Contracting Officer within five (5) business days after the Industry Day. Responses to all questions will be published in SAM.gov. No audio or video recording will be authorized during the Industry Day by any of the attendees.) Contractors must submit their questions or feedback using the provided link no later than 8:00 AM on 2 JULY 2025. Link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/aqebjqnX2S Contracting Office Address: 5880 Channel View Blvd Blount Island Jacksonville, Florida 32226-3404 United States Place of Performance: Blount Island Command, 5880 Channel View Blvd., Bldg. 104 Classroom 103 (The Bunker) Jacksonville, Florida 32226 United States Primary Point of Contact: Roussell Gober, roussell.gober@usmc.mil Phone: 9046965067 Secondary Point of Contact: Timothy L. Rivers, Contracting Officer timothy.l.rivers@usmc.mil Phone: 9046965360

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Roussell Gober
  - Email: roussell.gober@usmc.mil
  - Phone: 9046965067
- Secondary Contact:
  - Name: Timothy Lance Rivers
  - Email: timothy.l.rivers@usmc.mil
  - Phone: 9046965360

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: MCPP Question and Answers Part 2 dated 9.24.25 Additional questions and answers will be added as they are completed. Please keep monitoring this posting for updates. Update as of 22 August 2025: Additional questions and answers that were recieved and answered after the Industry Day are being posted. Please see the below attachment titled: MCPP Question and Answers Part 1 dtd 8.22.25 Additional questions and answers will be added as they are completed. Please keep monitoring this posting for updates. Update as of 25 July 2025: The slide deck with speaker notes along with some of the questions and answers that were recieved at the MCPP II Industry Day event have been added to the uploaded documents. Additional questions and answers will be added as they are completed. Please keep monitoring this posting for updates. Update as of 18 JUNE 2025: Due to high participation, One-on-One briefings will be held over two days, from 24–25 June 2025. A tentative schedule is provided below for planning purposes. June 24, 2025 1:00 - 1:20, Akima Facilities Operations, LLC 1:25 - 1:45, V2X 1:50 - 2:10, Crowley Government Services Inc. 2:15 - 2:35, KBR 2:35 - 3:00, BREAK 3:00 - 3:20, TRAX International 3:25 - 3:45, Leidos 3:50 - 4:10, Amentum 4:15 - 4:35, Virtus 9 4:40 - 5:00, Huntington Ingalls Industries - Mission Technologies Corp. (HII MTC) June 25, 2025 9:00 - 9:20, Anglicotech LLC 9:25 - 9:45, Booz Allen 9:50 - 10:10, Greenlight Group LLC 10:10 - 10:30, BREAK 10:30 - 10:50, AAR Corp 10:55 - 11:15, SERRATO CORPORATION 11:20 - 11:40, Group Eleven International Gen. Trading Co. W.L.L. 11:40 - 1:00, LUNCH 1:00 - 1:20, RJY Group, LLC 1:25 - 1:45, Tennant Enterprises LLC 1:50 - 2:10, JMA Wireless, Inc. 2:15 - 2:35, Technica LLC 2:40 - 3:00, The Logistics Company, Inc. Given the high interest in the guided tour and limited capacity, each company listed below may designate one representative to attend. Should any cancellations or no-shows occur, additional spots may become available. A standby list is provided below and will be used to fill openings on a first-come, first-served basis. Guided Tour: (Only One Representative per Company) AAR Corp Akima Facilities Operations, LLC Almas International Company Amentum American Roll-On Roll-Off Carrier Group, Inc Anglicotech LLC Belcan Engineering Group, LLC BOEING AEROSPACE OPERATIONS, INC. Booz Allen Bowhead C2D Petroleum, LLC CAFHE, LLC CGI Federal Chickasaw Aerospace Claxton Logistics Crestron Electronics Inc. Crowley Government Services Inc. DAK Resources Inc DAV-Force, Inc. Deltek Evolution Motion Solutions Florida APEX Accelerator Gemini Tech Services, LLC Google Public Sector Services (GPSS) Greenlight Group LLC Group Eleven International Gen. Trading Co. W.L.L. Huntington Ingalls Industries - Mission Technologies Corp. (HII MTC) HURICANE CONSULTING INC. JMA Wireless, Inc. KBR L&C Protec Inc dba Cocoon Inc. Leidos LNO, Inc. Lohfeld Consulting Group LSI MacArtney Inc. Malkasian NGS (a member of The Tote Group & Saltchuk Family of Companies) Oshkosh Defense, LLC RJY Group, LLC Serco SERRATO CORPORATION SHARKCAGE INC SteerBridge Strategies, LLC Technica LLC Tennant Enterprises LLC The Logistics Company, Inc. TRAX International V2X Virtus 9 VSS Logistics XFS Global Stand-By List: Professional Analysis, Inc. RyMar Inc. Salmon Group Inc. Sentinel Group LLC Titan Specialized Services, Inc. Vantage International Reminder: No phones, recording or photography will be allowed. Phones will be required be placed in a bin at the front door of the briefing room. If your company needs to cancel its participation, please send your cancellation notice to: roussell.gober@usmc.mil BREAK-----BREAK-----BREAK Subject: Industry Day Registration Now Closed – MCPP Logistics Services Draft RFP The United States Marine Corps (USMC) announces that registration for the Marine Corps Prepositioning Program (MCPP) Industry Day scheduled for 24 June 2025 is now closed. Due to capacity limitations and security processing requirements, no additional registrations will be accepted at this time. Industry Day will proceed as scheduled aboard the Blount Island Command Installation in Jacksonville, Florida. All previously confirmed registrants will receive additional coordination details via email, including base access and participation instructions. Only registered participants will be granted access to the event and guided site tour; substitutions will not be permitted. Contractors who were unable to register or attend in person are strongly encouraged to: Review the Draft Request for Proposal (RFP) and all related materials posted incrementally to SAM.gov. Submit feedback and responses to Government questions via the following link no later than 0800 EDT, 2 July 2025: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/aqebjqnX2S Presentation materials from the Industry Day will be made available on SAM.gov within five business days following the event. This notification does not constitute a Request for Proposal and participation in Industry Day is not required to respond to any future solicitation. The USMC appreciates your continued interest and engagement in support of the Marine Corps Prepositioning Program. For further questions, please contact: Ms. Roussell Gober, Contract Specialist, at roussell.gober@usmc.mil Mr. Timothy L. Rivers, Contracting Officer, at timothy.l.rivers@usmc.mil The United States Marine Corps (USMC) is releasing the Draft Request for Proposal (RFP) for the Marine Corps Prepositioning Programs Logistics Services Indefinite Delivery Indefinite Quantity contract for industry review and feedback. This draft RFP is being issued solely to solicit feedback from industry. Interested parties are encouraged to review the questions from the Government to Industry posted to SAM.GOV and provide responses by July 2, 2025, along with any comments on the draft RFP, using the following link https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/aqebjqnX2S. Please note that this is not a request for proposals at this time, and no submissions will be considered as such. Only the formal solicitation, once released, should be relied upon for the Government’s official requirements. An Industry Day is scheduled for Tuesday, June 24, 2025, aboard the Blount Island Command Installation located in Jacksonville, FL; please refer to the instructions below for company registration and attendance limitations. The Government will be posting the required contract attachments incrementally over the next several weeks. A list of questions from the Government to Industry is attached. To maximize the amount of competition and open the lines of communication with Industry. The United States Marine Corps (USMC) Prepositioning Program (MCPP) is planning to conduct an Industry Day to provide opportunities for industry to learn about the MCPP and the specific management and operating needs to execute this program through contract services. The Government anticipates providing a draft Request for Proposal (RFP) on 19 May 2025 via a separate notice and the Government will update this posting once the RFP has been posted. This is a special notice that is specific to the US Marine Corps, Blount Island Command, Jacksonville, Florida for the upcoming requirement for Logistics Support Services at Marine Corps Support Facility Blount Island, Jacksonville, Florida and other worldwide locations. Background: The MCPP is designed to respond to unknown threats under emerging crisis scenarios across the full Range of Military Operations. To provide global coverage the USMC relies on its Strategic Prepositioning Program (SPP) as the primary crisis response enabler. The Marine Corps" SPP consists of maritime and ashore efforts, which provide Geographic Combatant Commanders (GCC) the combat capability sets comprised of equipment and supplies necessary to provide 30 days of support for multiple types of Marine Air-Ground Task Forces up to and including a Marine Expeditionary Brigade (roughly 16,000 Marines and Sailors each) for those crises and contingencies that range from major combat operations to Humanitarian Assistance/Disaster Relief. Central to this operational deployment methodology and a major component of the Marine Corps" SPP is the requirement for specialized combat-readiness logistics services which are achieved through the MCPP contract located at Blount Island Command (BICmd) in Jacksonville, Florida. The MCPP consists of three functional segments: Maritime Prepositioning Force which includes Maritime Prepositioning Ships (MPS); Marine Corps Prepositioning Program-Norway (MCPP-N); and Global Prepositioning Network. MPSs rotate one at a time, through BICmd aboard the Marine Corps Support Facility-Blount Island (MCSF-BI) in Jacksonville, Florida. Once offloaded the contractor performs the full range of sustainment, refurbishment, replenishment and specialized preservation logistics services to ensure the combat readiness of equipment and supplies for long-term storage. This contractual effort is focused on providing the GCC with the means to operate independently in an expeditionary environment for 30 days of sustained combat. Prior to re-embarkation aboard their respective MPS or deployment to ashore sites the contractor will regain custody of the equipment and supplies to back-load aboard each MPS and provide Care of Supplies in Storage for this materiel while forward deployed in their respective assigned Area of Responsibility. The MCPP is a cornerstone of the Commandant of the Marine Corps’ Force Design 2025. The last CHINFO posting: KBRwyle Technology Solutions LLC, Columbia, Maryland, is awarded a $530,375,543 firm-fixed-price, cost-plus-fixed fee, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract for Marine Corps Prepositioning Program logistics services in support of Blount Island Command. This contract provides for a full range of logistics support services to include maintenance of equipment and materiel management such that required assets are attained, preserved, packaged, and available in support of the Marine Corps Prepositioning Program and deployed forces world-wide. This contract includes options which, if exercised, would bring the cumulative value of this contract to $949,423,564. Work will be performed in Jacksonville, Florida (83 percent); Kuwait (9 percent); aboard 12 Maritime Prepositioning Ships (7 percent); and Norway (1 percent) and is expected to be completed by May 2024. If all options are exercised, work will continue through November 2027. No funds will be obligated at the time of award; funds will be obligated on individual task orders as they are issued. This contract was competitively solicited and procured via the Federal Business Opportunities website, with two offers received. The U.S. Marine Corps, Blount Island Command, Jacksonville, Florida, is the contracting activity (M67004-19-D-0001). Industry Day Information: The purpose of the Industry Day is to allow contractors the opportunity to inspect the site of where the services will be performed to be better able to relate to the SOW requirements. The site visit, in conjunction with the work requirements identified in the SOW, should provide contractors a detailed understanding of the requirement. The Industry Day will be held at Blount Island Command, 5680 Channel View Blvd., Bldg. 109 - Police Station Emergency Operations Center (EOC), Jacksonville, Florida 32226. The NAICS code for this work is anticipated to be 811310. The Product Service Code is anticipated to be R706, Logistics Support Services. An Industry Day and site visit are scheduled for 0900-1600 hours (Eastern Time, USA) on 24 June 2025. All interested firms wishing to attend the Industry Day and site visit are required to register by submitting the name of all attendees by noon (Eastern Time, USA) on 11 June 2025 to the attention of; Ms. Roussell Gober, Contract Specialist, roussell.gober@usmc.mil and Mr. Timothy L. Rivers, Contracting Officer, at timothy.l.rivers@usmc.mil. Telephonic inquiries will not be accepted. Registration will be based on a first come, first served basis. All briefings of the Industry Day will be posted. Contractors are to assemble outside Building 109 at least 15 minutes prior to the start of the Industry Day, where a Government representative will be available to escort participants to the appropriate location(s). All vendors are required to submit: (1) Contractors planning to attend the Industry Day must submit their request to attend the Industry Day, including names of company and individual’s attending, even if base access is not required. This is in order to ensure there are reasonable accommodations for all during the site visit. (2) Contractors planning to attend the site visit must submit requests for access as follows: (i) Access to Blount Island, Jacksonville FL: For security purposes, contractors wishing to visit the BICmd facility are required to provide a letter requesting access. The letter should be on official company/activity letterhead and must be signed by an official of the requesting organization (other than the visitor). BICmd visit requests must include the following information: • Name of Visitor (Last, First, MI) • Date and Place of Birth • Proof of Citizenship (requests from non-U.S. citizens must be accompanied by legible copies (front and back) of work card showing expiration date. • BICmd point of contact and telephone number (Timothy L. Rivers, 904-696-5360) • Date and duration of visit (24 June 2025, One (1) day) • Company telephone (3) Visit request must be submitted via e-mail to timothy.l.rivers@usmc.mil by 12:00 PM EDT on 11 June 2025. (4) Although a security clearance is not required for the site visit, all contractor representatives must be U.S. citizens and will be required to furnish a valid driver’s license or other generally acceptable form of picture identification for issuance of a visitors pass allowing for entrance into the facility. All vehicles entering the installation must have a valid registration and insurance documentation or current rental agreement. Substitution of personnel is not allowed. (5) Additional information regarding access to BICmd is available by phone at 904-636-3806/3809. Failure to submit the proper visit request information may result in denial of access to the facility. Additional site visits will not be scheduled as a result of such failure. The Marine Corps Support Facility Blount Island (MCSF-BI) main gate is located off Heckscher Drive to the immediate left just after crossing the causeway that accesses Blount Island. MCSF-BI occupies the eastern half of Blount Island and is collocated with the Jacksonville Port Authority (JaxPort) who owns the western half of the Island. Visitors are required to check-in at the visitor’s center adjacent to the main gate. Once through the Main Gate, proceed to Building 109. Directions from the main gate to Building 109 are available upon request at the visitor’s center. Participants should allow at least one hour for check-in at the main gate and travel to the Blount Island location. The Industry Day will begin in Building 109 promptly at 09:00 AM EDT. Participants arriving late will NOT be included in the Industry Day. Questions/Feedback The following link hereby replaces Attachment II (MCPP Industry Day Questions) of the MCPP Industry Day Notification previously published on SAM.gov on/about 28 May 2025. The Government aims to review and respond to as many questions as possible and provide feedback during and after the MCPP Industry Day on 24 June 2025. To facilitate this, contractors must submit their questions or feedback using the provided link no later than 8:00 AM on 2 JULY 2025. Link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/aqebjqnX2S. Select information (Company, Name, Title, Phone Number, and Email) may be published in System for Award Management (SAM) following the meeting. This Industry Day event is open to all interested parties. Due to space limitations, no more than three representatives from each prime and sub-contractor will be permitted to attend the briefings and only two of the three will be allowed to participate in the guided tour of Blount Island. Once you have recieved confirmation as a registered participant in the MCPP Industry Day on 24 June 2025, a company representative must answer the questions at https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/YXkrKcP2ff no later than close of business 17 JUNE 2025. NOTE: One response required per company regardless of previous registration or coordination with the Government. The Government does not anticipate providing opportunities for virtual Industry Day attendance. Attendance at the scheduled Industry Day and any discussions/release of information is strictly voluntary. The Government will not pay for any information provided or costs associated with travel to the Industry Day. If your company is interested in this Industry Day and the resultant logistical support services solicitation/contract; it is advised that you monitor the SAM website at https://sam.gov/. Neither the planning nor the establishment of an Industry Day constitutes an Invitation for Bid, an RFP, or a Request for Quote. No RFP documents exist currently. Participation in this Industry Day, as well as current and/or follow-on Requests for Information, is neither mandatory nor is it a requisite to future participation by a contractor in any future contract RFP. This announcement is for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation, nor is it to be construed as a commitment by the Government to conduct business nor to publish a solicitation. The Government will not pay for any effort expended in responding to this notice, nor will the Government accept proposals because of this announcement. If you have any questions regarding this announcement, please contact via email Ms. Roussell Gober, Contract Specialist, at roussell.gober@usmc.mil. Please see the tentative Industry Day Agenda below. Presentations made at Industry Day will be posted to the SAM website (https://sam.gov/) within five business days after the event. Tentative INDUSTRY DAY AGENDA UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS PREPOSITIONING PROGRAM -LOGISTICS SUPPORT SERVICES JUNE 24, 2025 8:00 am - 9:00 am Check-In 9:00 am – 10:30 am MCPP II Brief 10:30 am – 10:45 am Break 10:45 am - 11:00 am Move to Bus 11:00 am - 12:30 pm Guided Tour 12:30 am – 1:00 pm Lunch 1:00 pm – 4:00 pm One-On-One Sessions to Provide Capability Briefs (Only Prime Contractors will be allowed to present Capability Briefs and each brief is limited to 20 minutes) NOTE: If interested a company representative must answer the questions at https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/YXkrKcP2ff no later than close of business 17 JUNE 2025 (All questions are to be followed up in writing to the Contracting Officer within five (5) business days after the Industry Day. Responses to all questions will be published in SAM.gov. No audio or video recording will be authorized during the Industry Day by any of the attendees.) Contractors must submit their questions or feedback using the provided link no later than 8:00 AM on 2 JULY 2025. Link: https://forms.osi.apps.mil/r/aqebjqnX2S Contracting Office Address: 5880 Channel View Blvd Blount Island Jacksonville, Florida 32226-3404 United States Place of Performance: Blount Island Command, 5880 Channel View Blvd., Bldg. 104 Classroom 103 (The Bunker) Jacksonville, Florida 32226 United States Primary Point of Contact: Roussell Gober, roussell.gober@usmc.mil Phone: 9046965067 Secondary Point of Contact: Timothy L. Rivers, Contracting Officer timothy.l.rivers@usmc.mil Phone: 9046965360

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/afae6bf4cc2540e3ad6b3778e1a572dd/view)