---
layout: default
title: 6515--ARJO Maxi Move - SARA Plus or Equal - Sources Sought
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Sources Sought
notice_id: beb0b180f9a74739a351a9a2b7aea545
---

# 6515--ARJO Maxi Move - SARA Plus or Equal - Sources Sought

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Sources Sought
- Posted: 2026-03-16 14:05:27.699-04
- Solicitation Number: 36C24426Q0410
- Awardee: null

## Summary

THIS IS NOT A SOLICITATION ANNOUNCEMENT. THIS IS A SOURCES SOUGHT NOTICE ONLY. This Sources Sought Notice is intended for information and planning purposes only at this time; and shall not be construed as a solicitation or as an obligation on the part of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Because this is a Sources Sought announcement, no evaluation letters and/or results will be issued to the respondents. No solicitation exists. Therefore, do not request a copy of a solicitation. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), VISN 4, Network Contracting Office 4 (NCO 4), is seeking information and potential qualified sources capable of providing Brand name OR potentially equal items similar to Arjo Sara Plus and Arjo Maxi Move. The lifts will be delivered to the Pittsburgh VAMC, located in Pittsburgh, PA 15240. Safe Patient Handling: Arjo Sara Plus & Arjo Maxi Move or Equal Statement of Need Background: Unit 6E requires reliable, compliant safe patient handling equipment to support active standing/transfer activities (sit to stand, gait training) and dependent patient lifts/repositioning. The Arjo Sara Plus and Arjo Maxi Move are selected to reduce caregiver musculoskeletal risk while improving patient safety outcomes during transfers and mobility exercises, deliver to Pittsburgh VAMC at University Drive C. Pittsburgh, PA 15240. Scope of Work: Procurement of: Arjo Sara Plus powered sit to stand aid with standard accessories (accessories already stocked onsite); optional integrated scale as specified in Technical Requirements. Scale needed. Arjo Maxi Move powered patient floor lift with Combi attachment and selected spreader bar(s); optional integrated scale (scale needed); castor size per Technical Requirements (low castors to accommodate stretchers). Delivery & Installation to Unit 6E, including functional setup, verification, and initial safety checks. Training for caregivers (training already occurs due to other models within the healthcare system. However, initial training with manufacturers will be included for staff on the new unit. Documentation (IFUs, preventive maintenance schedules, checklists, EE numbers etc). Warranty & Service enrollment and preventive maintenance coordination with Biomed. Salient Characteristics: Device Integrated Upper Body Support & Gait Training (Sara Plus) The Arc Rest (integral to the lifting mechanism) provides additional upper body support during the raise, enabling partial weight bearing through shoulders in addition to feet. Together with the pro active knee pad and detachable footplate, Sara Plus uniquely supports balance, stepping, and gait training in a sit to stand platform capabilities not equivalently provided by generic sit to stand aids. These features are designed and validated within Arjo s system with dedicated slings and IFUs, forming an integrated solution critical to our rehab and early mobility protocols. Stable Vertical System (SVS) & Powered Dynamic Positioning System (PDPS) (Maxi Move) Arjo s SVS maintains a constant vertical path, keeping patients at a stable distance from the mast, while PDPS enables precise powered repositioning within the sling minimizing manual handling and swing during transfers. The combination of SVS + PDPS and the Combi attachment (rapid spreader bar interchange with an extensive Arjo sling range) is a system architecture. For our high acuity patient mix and single caregiver workflows on 6E, these features are essential to safety and efficiency. Lifts must be compatible with Arjo Slings. Delivery: Delivery to: Pittsburgh VAMC; Attn: Warehouse University Drive C. Pittsburgh, PA 15240 Biomedical Engineering will need to perform a safety check and enter the equipment into the system for annual Preventive Maintenance (PM) checks. Then 6E will receive it. Responses to this RFI should include company name, address, point of contact, phone number, and point of contact e-mail, DUNS Number, Cage Code, size of business pursuant to North American Industry Classification code (NAICS) 339112, Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing. The Small Business Size Standard for this NAICS code is 1000 employees. PLEASE ANSWER THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS: (1) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Small Business (SB), Large Business, etc.)? (2) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this notice? (3) Are you the manufacturer, distributor, or an equivalent solution to the items being referenced above? (4) Is the product you are providing information about made by a small business manufacturer or a large business? (5) Is the product you are providing information about manufactured in the United States? If not, please provide the country where the unit is manufactured. (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of Contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above or an equivalent solution, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified? (8) If you intend to subcontract any work on this contract, what portion of the total cost will be self-performed/will be performed by your organization? Please provide estimated detailed percentage breakdowns related to subcontracted work and completion of the job. (9) Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA or the NAC or are you a contract holder with any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. (10) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC contract holder or other federal contract holder, are the items/solution you are providing information for available on you schedule/contract? (11) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate any type of award. (12) Please submit your capabilities regarding the salient characteristics detailed above to establish capabilities for planning purposes. (13) Please review salient characteristics/statement of work (if applicable) and provide feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (14) Please provide your Unique Entity ID. This Sources Sought Notice will be conducted in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 13. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received via e-mail to Olivia.mcdonald@va.gov no later than, 4:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on March 23, 2026. This notice will help the VA in determining available potential sources only. Do not contact VA Medical Center staff regarding this requirement, as they are not authorized to discuss this matter related to this procurement action. All questions will be addressed by the Contract Specialist, Olivia McDonald. All firms responding to this Sources Sought Notice are advised that their response is not a request for proposal, therefore will not be considered for a contract award. If a solicitation is issued, information will be posted on the Contract Opportunities website for all qualified interested parties at a later date, and interested parties must respond to the solicitation to be considered for the award. This notice does not commit the government to contract for any supplies or services. The government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Source Sought Notice. Information will only be accepted in writing by e-mail to Contract Specialist, Olivia McDonald at Olivia.mcdonald@va.gov. DISCLAIMER This Sources Sought Notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this notice that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this notice.

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Olivia McDonald
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: olivia.mcdonald@va.gov
  - Phone: 412-860-7204

## Attachments

**Total: 1 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: selected spreader bar(s); optional integrated scale (scale needed); castor size per Technical Requirements (low castors to accommodate stretchers). Delivery & Installation to Unit 6E, including functional setup, verification, and initial safety checks. Training for caregivers (training already occurs due to other models within the healthcare system. However, initial training with manufacturers will be included for staff on the new unit. Documentation (IFUs, preventive maintenance schedules, checklists, EE numbers etc). Warranty & Service enrollment and preventive maintenance coordination with Biomed. Salient Characteristics: Device Integrated Upper Body Support & Gait Training (Sara Plus) The Arc Rest (integral to the lifting mechanism) provides additional upper body support during the raise, enabling partial weight bearing through shoulders in addition to feet. Together with the pro active knee pad and detachable footplate, Sara Plus uniquely supports balance, stepping, and gait training in a sit to stand platform capabilities not equivalently provided by generic sit to stand aids. These features are designed and validated within Arjo s system with dedicated slings and IFUs, forming an integrated solution critical to our rehab and early mobility protocols. Stable Vertical System (SVS) & Powered Dynamic Positioning System (PDPS) (Maxi Move) Arjo s SVS maintains a constant vertical path, keeping patients at a stable distance from the mast, while PDPS enables precise powered repositioning within the sling minimizing manual handling and swing during transfers. The combination of SVS + PDPS and the Combi attachment (rapid spreader bar interchange with an extensive Arjo sling range) is a system architecture. For our high acuity patient mix and single caregiver workflows on 6E, these features are essential to safety and efficiency. Lifts must be compatible with Arjo Slings. Delivery: Delivery to: Pittsburgh VAMC; Attn: Warehouse University Drive C. Pittsburgh, PA 15240 Biomedical Engineering will need to perform a safety check and enter the equipment into the system for annual Preventive Maintenance (PM) checks. Then 6E will receive it. Responses to this RFI should include company name, address, point of contact, phone number, and point of contact e-mail, DUNS Number, Cage Code, size of business pursuant to North American Industry Classification code (NAICS) 339112, Surgical and Medical Instrument Manufacturing. The Small Business Size Standard for this NAICS code is 1000 employees. PLEASE ANSWER THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS: (1) Please indicate the size status and representations of your business, such as but not limited to: Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB), Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB), HUBZone, Woman Owned Small Business (WOSB), Small Business (SB), Large Business, etc.)? (2) Is your company considered small under the NAICS code identified under this notice? (3) Are you the manufacturer, distributor, or an equivalent solution to the items being referenced above? (4) Is the product you are providing information about made by a small business manufacturer or a large business? (5) Is the product you are providing information about manufactured in the United States? If not, please provide the country where the unit is manufactured. (6) If you are a large business, do you have any designated distributors? If so, please provide their company name, telephone, point of Contact and size status (if available). (7) If you re a small business and you are an authorized distributor/reseller for the items identified above or an equivalent solution, do you alter; assemble; modify; the items requested in any way? If you do, state how and what is altered; assembled; modified? (8) If you intend to subcontract any work on this contract, what portion of the total cost will be self-performed/will be performed by your organization? Please provide estimated detailed percentage breakdowns related to subcontracted work and completion of the job. (9) Does your company have an FSS contract with GSA or the NAC or are you a contract holder with any other federal contract? If so, please provide the contract number. (10) If you are an FSS GSA/NAC contract holder or other federal contract holder, are the items/solution you are providing information for available on you schedule/contract? (11) General pricing of your products/solution is encouraged. Pricing will be used for the purpose of market research only. It will not be used to evaluate any type of award. (12) Please submit your capabilities regarding the salient characteristics detailed above to establish capabilities for planning purposes. (13) Please review salient characteristics/statement of work (if applicable) and provide feedback or suggestions. If none, please reply as N/A. (14) Please provide your Unique Entity ID. This Sources Sought Notice will be conducted in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 13. Telephone responses will not be accepted. Responses must be received via e-mail to Olivia.mcdonald@va.gov no later than, 4:00 PM Eastern Standard Time (EST) on March 23, 2026. This notice will help the VA in determining available potential sources only. Do not contact VA Medical Center staff regarding this requirement, as they are not authorized to discuss this matter related to this procurement action. All questions will be addressed by the Contract Specialist, Olivia McDonald. All firms responding to this Sources Sought Notice are advised that their response is not a request for proposal, therefore will not be considered for a contract award. If a solicitation is issued, information will be posted on the Contract Opportunities website for all qualified interested parties at a later date, and interested parties must respond to the solicitation to be considered for the award. This notice does not commit the government to contract for any supplies or services. The government will not pay for any information or administrative cost incurred in response to this Source Sought Notice. Information will only be accepted in writing by e-mail to Contract Specialist, Olivia McDonald at Olivia.mcdonald@va.gov. DISCLAIMER This Sources Sought Notice is issued solely for information and planning purposes only and does not constitute a solicitation. All information received in response to this notice that is marked as proprietary will be handled accordingly. Responses to this notice are not offers and cannot be accepted by the Government to form a binding contract. Responders are solely responsible for all expenses associated with responding to this notice

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/beb0b180f9a74739a351a9a2b7aea545/view)