---
layout: default
title: 9999--Newington Water Supply Delivery
agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
notice_type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
notice_id: 13881041ccf94d71b9fa45a9b70c591c
---

# 9999--Newington Water Supply Delivery

- Agency: VETERANS AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF
- Type: Combined Synopsis/Solicitation
- Posted: 2026-03-06 10:46:07.083-05
- Solicitation Number: 36C24126Q0253
- Awardee: null

## Summary

VA Connecticut Healthcare System Newington Water Supply Delivery Combined Synopsis Solicitation VAMC Newington Water Supply Delivery (i) This is a combined synopsis/solicitation for commercial items prepared in accordance with the format in Subpart 12.6, as supplemented with additional information included in this notice. This announcement constitutes the only solicitation; proposals are being requested and a written solicitation will not be issued. (ii) The solicitation number is 36C24126Q0253 and the solicitation is issued as a request for quotation (RFQ). (iii) A statement that the solicitation document and incorporated provisions and clauses are those in effect through Federal Acquisition Circular 2025-06. (iv) This requirement is being issued as unrestricted/open market. The associated NAICS 312112 and small business size standard is 1100 employees. (v) The Government intends to award a firm-fixed price award for Water Supply Delivery at VAMC Newington. Please see the attached Performance Work Statement for full requirement details. Please complete the Price Schedule below and submit with the quote submission. (vi) The Contractor shall provide all resources necessary to provide Water Delivery IAW the attached (Performance Work Statement). Please see the attached PWS for full requirement details. (vii) The Place of Performance is VAMC Newington as described per the (Performance Work Statement). (viii) Provision at 52.212-1, Instructions to Offerors -- Commercial, applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the provision: 52.252-1 Solicitation Provisions Incorporated by Reference (FEB 1998); 52.204-7 System for Award Management (OCT 2018); 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Reporting (JUL 2016); 52.217-5 Evaluation of Options (JUL 1990); 852.252-70 Solicitation Provisions or Clauses Incorporated by Reference (JAN 2008) (ix) Provision at 52.212-2, Evaluation -- Commercial Items, applies to this requirement. Site Visit: No site visit Submission of Quotes: (1) Quotes shall be received on or before the date and time specified in Section (xv) of this solicitation. Note: Offers received after the due date and time shall not be considered. (2) Offerors shall submit their quotes electronically via email to sheena.carlyle@va.gov. (3) Questions: Questions shall be submitted to the Contracting Officer in writing via e-mail. Oral questions are not acceptable due to the possibility of misunderstanding or misinterpretation. The cut-off date and time for receipt of questions is Mar 12 2026 by 12:00 PM EST. Questions received after this date and time may not be answered. Questions shall be answered in a formal amendment to the solicitation so all interested parties can see the answers. (4) Quote Format: The submission should be clearly indexed and logically assembled in order of the evaluation criteria below. All pages of the quote shall be appropriately numbered and identified by the complete company name, date and solicitation number in the header and/or footer. Evaluation Process: Award shall be made to the best value, as determined to be the most beneficial to the Government. Please read each section below carefully for the submittals and information required as part of the evaluation. Failure to provide the requested information below shall be considered non-compliant and your quote could be removed from the evaluation process. Offeror quotes shall be evaluated under FAR Part 13.106-2(b) -- Evaluation of Quotations or Offers. Therefore, the Government is not obligated to determine a competitive range, conduct discussions with all contractors, solicit final revised quotes, and use other techniques associated with FAR Part 15. The Government shall award a contract resulting from this solicitation to the responsible offeror whose offer conforming to the solicitation shall be most advantageous to the Government, price and other factors considered. The following factors shall be used to evaluate offers:Â Price (Follow these instructions): Offeror shall complete Attachment 1 - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor's business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due Mar 16 2026 by 5:00 PM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: sheena.carlyle@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is sheena.carlyle@va.gov) ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base Water Delivery

1.00 YR __________________ __________________ GRAND TOTAL __________________ ATTACHMENT 2 PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 STATEMENT OF WORK NEWINGTON WATER SUPPLY DELIVERY VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER NEWINGTON 555 WILLARD AVENUE WEST HAVEN, CT 06111 BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System is seeking a qualified vendor to provide all services and delivery to install and supply bottom loading water coolers (dispensers) with hot and cold functions and disposable cup dispensers attached. 5-gallon water jugs typical and compatible with the water coolers, 7-ounce recyclable plastic water cups compatible with the water coolers are required to be provided as well. JUSTIFICATION The Newington campus water distribution system does not support potable water for consumption and regular and recurring services for water delivery is required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The place of performance for this contract is VA Connecticut Healthcare System, Newington VA Medical Center located at 555 Willard Avenue; Newington, CT 06111. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Base contract period shall be 04/01/2026 03/31/2027. The contract will also contain the provision for (4) annual option years: Option Year 1: 04/01/2027 03/31/2028 Option Year 2: 04/01/2028 03/31/2029 Option Year 3: 04/01/2029 03/31/2030 Option Year 4: 04/01/2030 03/31/2031 QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall have a field representative located within 100 miles of the Newington Campus of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System. SCOPE OF WORK Initial equipment delivery shall consist of water dispensers, 5-gallon water containers, and 7 oz disposable recyclable plastic cups. Regular delivery shall occur once every week on a Tuesday to replenish the stock. If a Holiday should fall on a delivery day, the delivery shall be made the following business day. Deliver all supplies to Building 3, Ground Floor Room 3-108B (utilize Bldg. 42 s Loading Dock Area). Deliveries shall be made between 8:00 a.m. EST and 2:00 p.m. EST. No deliveries shall be planned or coordinated on weekends. Any deviation of delivery day or time shall be coordinated with the facility POC in advance. The vendor shall perform a visual inspection and test equipment once per month to determine malfunctioning or faulty dispensers require repairs or replacement. The vendor shall be responsible for servicing or replacement of broken or malfunctioning dispensers upon report of equipment failure or through monthly inspection. All broken or malfunctioning dispensers shall be removed and replaced at the next delivery day with no additional cost to the Government. The contractor shall remove all debris and empty water jugs during each regular delivery. All waste material and debris shall be removed off site by the vendor and shall be disposed of in accordance with applicable State and Federal Regulations. The Government reserves the right to add additional water coolers, water jugs, and cups to any facility during the course of this contract at an additional predetermined cost. No work shall be performed on Government Holidays unless an emergency status has been indicated by the Contracting Officer. US Federal Holidays New Year s Day Martin Luther King Jr. Day President s Day Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving Day VA Connecticut Healthcare System VAMC Newington Water Supply Delivery Page 2 of 2 Description of Services Service provider shall furnish and maintain the following quantities and full supply at the Newington VA Medical Center Campus: 220 water dispensers with attached cup dispensers 320 storage bins for water 450 5-gallon jugs of water 5 cases of 7 ounce cups (25 sleeves/ case) SUBMITTALS/DELIVERABLES Furnish a clear and legible receipt with quantities of each supply item and a receipt of all items removed and replaced with each scheduled and unscheduled delivery. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS Service Provider Check-in: All employees of the service provider shall comply with VA Security Management Program and are restricted from unauthorized access and nonwork areas. Upon arrival, the Service Provider shall sign-in at Building 3 in Newington and receive a temporary identification badge prior to performing services at VA Connecticut Healthcare System. The Service Provider shall wear visible identification always displaying the name and company ID while on site. All site visits shall be coordinated with the VA COR or assigned POC. Per Directive 1805, smoking, vaping, and smokeless tobacco are prohibited on the grounds of VA facilities, including in vehicles. This Directive applies to all Service providers and their employees. No photography of VA premises is allowed without written permission of the contracting officer. Patients and staff are not to be photographed at any time. Parking for Service provider and employees shall be in designated areas only. Service provider shall coordinate with VA COR. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall hold and save the government, its officers, and agents, free and harmless from liability of any nature occasioned by the Service provider s performance. Working space and space available for storing materials shall be as determined by the COR. Workers are subject to the rules of the Medical Center applicable to their conduct. Execute work in such a manner as to reduce impacts with work being done by others. Billing: Provide COR with a clear line-item breakdown and statement of work with request for payment. Statement should include deliverables provided, items removed from site, service completed and the date each service item was completed, etc. Labor charges shall be billed hourly, and any unused labor totals will be credited back to the VA Medical Center on the next billing cycle, upon receipt of the monthly billing request. Cost: Service Provider shall provide a detailed cost breakdown for each deliverable and as a unit rate that will allow the facility to add or remove inventory components as needed and/or as usage evolves. Cost on base deliverables (with unit rates) will be provided as a total annual cost for the time of the contract and for each year indicated. Government reserves the right to cancel this contract for noncompliance to the terms of this contract or in advance of annual renewals. All payments shall be made after receipt of deliverables per submission of payment request by the service provider of the correct monthly invoice to POC for record and review. Service provider shall submit facility accepted payment requests directly through the Government Computerize Payment Request System. NARA Records Management Requirements The following standard items relate to records generated in executing this contract: Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C. Chapter 21, 29, 31, and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. The Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. The Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage, or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under or relating to this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information

## Contacts

- Primary Contact:
  - Name: Sheena Carlyle
  - Title: Contract Specialist
  - Email: sheena.carlyle@va.gov
  - Phone: 423-926-1171  ext. 3359

## Attachments

**Total: 2 attachment(s)**

- Attachment 1: - Price Schedule, with offerors proposed contract line item prices inserted in appropriate spaces.Â Past Performance: Offeror shall utilize Attachment 2 Past Performance Worksheet to provide at least one (1) but no more than (3) references of work, similar in scope and size with the requirement detailed in the (Performance Work Statement). References may be checked by the Contracting Officer to ensure your company is capable of performing the Statement of Work.Â The Government also reserves the right to obtain information for use in the evaluation of past performance from any and all sources. Technical: The offeror s quote shall be evaluated to determine if the organization has the experience and capabilities to provide the requested services IAW the (Performance Work Statement) in a timely efficient manner.Â Contractor shall demonstrate their corporate experience and approach to meet all requirements stated in the (Performance Work Statement). Contractor shall demonstrate that their technicians meet the qualification standards stated in the (Performance Work Statement). If you are planning to sub-contract some or all of this work, please provide the name and address(s) of all subcontractor(s) (if applicable) and a description of their planned subcontracting effort. SAM: Interested parties shall be registered in System for Award Management (SAM) as prescribed in FAR Clause 52.232-33. SAM information can be obtained by accessing the internet at www.sam.gov or by calling 1-866-606-8220. Interested parties not registered in SAM in sufficient time to meet the VA s requirement will be ineligible to receive a government contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. VISTA: The VA utilizes VISTA to issue a purchase order and liquidate invoices. Failure to register in VISTA may result in exclusion from the issuance of a VA contract. This determination will be at the discretion of the Contracting Officer. Interested parties with no prior VA contracts can request a Form 10091 at any time. (x) Please include a completed copy of the provision at 52.212-3, Offeror Representations and Certifications -- Commercial Items, with your offer via the SAM.gov website or a written copy. (xi) Clause 52.212-4, Contract Terms and Conditions -- Commercial Items (OCT 2018), applies to this acquisition in addition to the following addenda s to the clause: 52.204-16 Commercial and Government Entity Code Maintenance (JUL 2016); 52.219-6 Notice of Total Small Business Set-Aside; 52.232-40 Providing Accelerated Payments to Small Business Subcontractors (DEC 2013); 852.203-70 Commercial Advertising (MAY 2008); 852.232-72 Electronic Submission of Payment Requests (NOV 2018) Subcontracting Commitments - Monitoring and Compliance This solicitation includes VAAR 852.215-70, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned and Veteran-Owned Small Business Evaluation Factors, and VAAR 852.215-71, Evaluation Factor Commitments. Accordingly, any contract resulting from this solicitation will include these clauses. The contractor is advised in performing contract administration functions, the CO may use the services of a support contractor(s) to assist in assessing contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments incorporated into the Information Protection and Non-Disclosure and Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest Agreement to ensure the contractor"s business records or other proprietary data reviewed or obtained in the course of assisting the CO in assessing the contractor for compliance are protected to ensure information or data is not improperly disclosed or other impropriety occurs. Furthermore, if VA determines any services the support contractor(s) will perform in assessing compliance are advisory and assistance services as defined in FAR 2.101, Definitions, the support contractor(s) must also enter into an agreement with the contractor to protect proprietary information as required by FAR 9.505-4, Obtaining access to proprietary information, paragraph (b). The contractor is required to cooperate fully and make available any records as may be required to enable the CO to assess the contractor compliance with the subcontracting commitments. (xii) Clause at 52.212-5, Contract Terms and Conditions Required To Implement Statutes Or Executive Orders -- Commercial Items, applies to this acquisition and in addition to the following FAR clauses cited, which are also applicable to the acquisition: 52.204-10, 52.209-6, 52.219-6, 52.219-28, 52.222-3, 52.222-21, 52.222-26, 52.222-36, 52.222-50, 52.223-18, 52.232-33, 52.222-41, 52.222-43 (Wage Determination Applicable (Manchester 2015-4019 Rev 23 posted on beta.sam.gov) (xiii) All contract requirement(s) and/or terms and conditions are stated above. (xiv) The Defense Priorities and Allocations System (DPAS) and assigned rating are not applicable to this requirement. (xv) RFQ responses are due Mar 16 2026 by 5:00 PM EST. RFQ responses must be submitted via email to: sheena.carlyle@va.gov. Hand deliveries shall not be accepted. (xvi) The POC of this solicitation is sheena.carlyle@va.gov) ATTACHMENT 1 PRICE SCHEDULE ITEM NUMBER DESCRIPTION OF SUPPLIES/SERVICES QUANTITY UNIT UNIT PRICE AMOUNT Base Water Delivery
- Attachment 2: PAST PERFORMANCE WORKSHEET 1. Name of Contracting Activity, Government Agency, Commercial Firm or other Organization: 2. Contracting Activity Address: 3. Contract Number: 4. Date of Contract Award: 5. Beginning Date of Contract: 6. Completion Date of Contract: 7. Contract Value: 8. Type of Contract: 9a. Technical Point of Contact: 9b. Contracting Point of Contact: Name: Name: Title: Title: Address: Address: Telephone: Telephone: Email: Email: 10. Place of Performance: 11. Description of Work (Use a continuation sheet if necessary): 12. List any commendations or awards received: 13. List of Major Subcontractors: ATTACHMENT 3 STATEMENT OF WORK NEWINGTON WATER SUPPLY DELIVERY VA CONNECTICUT HEALTHCARE SYSTEM (VACHS) VA MEDICAL CENTER NEWINGTON 555 WILLARD AVENUE WEST HAVEN, CT 06111 BACKGROUND VA Connecticut Healthcare System is seeking a qualified vendor to provide all services and delivery to install and supply bottom loading water coolers (dispensers) with hot and cold functions and disposable cup dispensers attached. 5-gallon water jugs typical and compatible with the water coolers, 7-ounce recyclable plastic water cups compatible with the water coolers are required to be provided as well. JUSTIFICATION The Newington campus water distribution system does not support potable water for consumption and regular and recurring services for water delivery is required. PLACE OF PERFORMANCE The place of performance for this contract is VA Connecticut Healthcare System, Newington VA Medical Center located at 555 Willard Avenue; Newington, CT 06111. PERIOD OF PERFORMANCE Base contract period shall be 04/01/2026 03/31/2027. The contract will also contain the provision for (4) annual option years: Option Year 1: 04/01/2027 03/31/2028 Option Year 2: 04/01/2028 03/31/2029 Option Year 3: 04/01/2029 03/31/2030 Option Year 4: 04/01/2030 03/31/2031 QUALIFICATIONS To be considered eligible for consideration, potential bidders shall have a field representative located within 100 miles of the Newington Campus of the VA Connecticut Healthcare System. SCOPE OF WORK Initial equipment delivery shall consist of water dispensers, 5-gallon water containers, and 7 oz disposable recyclable plastic cups. Regular delivery shall occur once every week on a Tuesday to replenish the stock. If a Holiday should fall on a delivery day, the delivery shall be made the following business day. Deliver all supplies to Building 3, Ground Floor Room 3-108B (utilize Bldg. 42 s Loading Dock Area). Deliveries shall be made between 8:00 a.m. EST and 2:00 p.m. EST. No deliveries shall be planned or coordinated on weekends. Any deviation of delivery day or time shall be coordinated with the facility POC in advance. The vendor shall perform a visual inspection and test equipment once per month to determine malfunctioning or faulty dispensers require repairs or replacement. The vendor shall be responsible for servicing or replacement of broken or malfunctioning dispensers upon report of equipment failure or through monthly inspection. All broken or malfunctioning dispensers shall be removed and replaced at the next delivery day with no additional cost to the Government. The contractor shall remove all debris and empty water jugs during each regular delivery. All waste material and debris shall be removed off site by the vendor and shall be disposed of in accordance with applicable State and Federal Regulations. The Government reserves the right to add additional water coolers, water jugs, and cups to any facility during the course of this contract at an additional predetermined cost. No work shall be performed on Government Holidays unless an emergency status has been indicated by the Contracting Officer. US Federal Holidays New Year s Day Martin Luther King Jr. Day President s Day Memorial Day Juneteenth Independence Day Labor Day Columbus Day Veterans Day Thanksgiving Day VA Connecticut Healthcare System VAMC Newington Water Supply Delivery Page 2 of 2 Description of Services Service provider shall furnish and maintain the following quantities and full supply at the Newington VA Medical Center Campus: 220 water dispensers with attached cup dispensers 320 storage bins for water 450 5-gallon jugs of water 5 cases of 7 ounce cups (25 sleeves/ case) SUBMITTALS/DELIVERABLES Furnish a clear and legible receipt with quantities of each supply item and a receipt of all items removed and replaced with each scheduled and unscheduled delivery. SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS Service Provider Check-in: All employees of the service provider shall comply with VA Security Management Program and are restricted from unauthorized access and nonwork areas. Upon arrival, the Service Provider shall sign-in at Building 3 in Newington and receive a temporary identification badge prior to performing services at VA Connecticut Healthcare System. The Service Provider shall wear visible identification always displaying the name and company ID while on site. All site visits shall be coordinated with the VA COR or assigned POC. Per Directive 1805, smoking, vaping, and smokeless tobacco are prohibited on the grounds of VA facilities, including in vehicles. This Directive applies to all Service providers and their employees. No photography of VA premises is allowed without written permission of the contracting officer. Patients and staff are not to be photographed at any time. Parking for Service provider and employees shall be in designated areas only. Service provider shall coordinate with VA COR. The Service provider shall confine all operations (including storage of materials) on government premises to areas authorized or approved by the VA Contracting Officer. The Service provider shall hold and save the government, its officers, and agents, free and harmless from liability of any nature occasioned by the Service provider s performance. Working space and space available for storing materials shall be as determined by the COR. Workers are subject to the rules of the Medical Center applicable to their conduct. Execute work in such a manner as to reduce impacts with work being done by others. Billing: Provide COR with a clear line-item breakdown and statement of work with request for payment. Statement should include deliverables provided, items removed from site, service completed and the date each service item was completed, etc. Labor charges shall be billed hourly, and any unused labor totals will be credited back to the VA Medical Center on the next billing cycle, upon receipt of the monthly billing request. Cost: Service Provider shall provide a detailed cost breakdown for each deliverable and as a unit rate that will allow the facility to add or remove inventory components as needed and/or as usage evolves. Cost on base deliverables (with unit rates) will be provided as a total annual cost for the time of the contract and for each year indicated. Government reserves the right to cancel this contract for noncompliance to the terms of this contract or in advance of annual renewals. All payments shall be made after receipt of deliverables per submission of payment request by the service provider of the correct monthly invoice to POC for record and review. Service provider shall submit facility accepted payment requests directly through the Government Computerize Payment Request System. NARA Records Management Requirements The following standard items relate to records generated in executing this contract: Citations to pertinent laws, codes and regulations such as 44 U.S.C. Chapter 21, 29, 31, and 33; Freedom of Information Act (5 U.S.C. 552); Privacy Act (5 U.S.C. 552a); 36 CFR Part 1222 and Part 1228. Contractor shall treat all deliverables under the contract as the property of the U.S. Government for which the Government Agency shall have unlimited rights to use, dispose of, or disclose such data contained therein as it determines to be in the public interest. Contractor shall not create or maintain any records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract using Government IT equipment and/or Government records. Contractor shall not retain, use, sell, or disseminate copies of any deliverable that contains information covered by the Privacy Act of 1974 or that which is generally protected by the Freedom of Information Act. The Contractor shall not create or maintain any records containing any Government Agency records that are not specifically tied to or authorized by the contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all data/records produced as part of this contract. The Government Agency owns the rights to all electronic information (electronic data, electronic information systems, electronic databases, etc.) and all supporting documentation created as part of this contract. The Contractor must deliver sufficient technical documentation with all data deliverables to permit the agency to use the data. The Contractor agrees to comply with Federal and Agency records management policies, including those policies associated with the safeguarding of records covered by the Privacy Act of 1974. These policies include the preservation of all records created or received regardless of format [paper, electronic, etc.] or mode of transmission [e-mail, fax, etc.] or state of completion [draft, final, etc.]. No disposition of documents will be allowed without the prior written consent of the Contracting Officer. The Agency and its contractors are responsible for preventing the alienation or unauthorized destruction of records, including all forms of mutilation. Willful and unlawful destruction, damage, or alienation of Federal records is subject to the fines and penalties imposed by 18 U.S.C. 2701. Records may not be removed from the legal custody of the Agency or destroyed without regard to the provisions of the agency records schedules. The Contractor is required to obtain the Contracting Officer s approval prior to engaging in any contractual relationship (sub-contractor) in support of this contract requiring the disclosure of information, documentary material and/or records generated under or relating to this contract. The Contractor (and any sub-contractor) is required to abide by Government and Agency guidance for protecting sensitive and proprietary information

## Links

- [SAM.gov opportunity page](https://sam.gov/workspace/contract/opp/13881041ccf94d71b9fa45a9b70c591c/view)